this is the best moisture for the skin.
it seeps into the skin very quickly
how quickly it absorbs into the skin
i don't have to brush the flakes of skin off with a brush before i leave
slathered my face with the mask
it gives me a natural matte skin without masking it with a fake matte film or over drying
i also notice my pores are smaller
this particular bar gently
removes all traces of oil
i love the wand applicator too!
it balled up a bit in indigo bits
then use a fab facial radiance pad to remove any residual dead skin cells
once my face dries
my skin usually soaks up product within a few hours
it is a heavy thick cream
this clears it up faster than my prescribed cream
only applied a thin layer
it aborts nicely into the skin
i've used less than a dab
don't waste it on dry dead skin at the surface
almost like rubbing glue on your face
i spritz mist water on my face to help this cream to spread whole face
my face was peeling
though it has algae
smell fades after 15 minutes
i do love using this in conjunction with my aztec healing clay masks since that mask dries me out
it works instantly to bring moisture to your skin
everything irritates my eyes
keeps your foundation from ever flaking
it melts right into your skin
it is not pore clogging at all.
nose/mouth area dry
it just sinks into my skin.
ran it through my damp curly hair
just rinse with water
my skin actually becomes so dry that it peels
this product hydrates the fact with just a tiny bit
sinks in relatively quickly
by putting a few drops on my beauty blender
it hydrates but also controls oil and pores.
have been using it to tame my frizzy wavy hair
my hair is super frizzy
it turns into a lion's mane
you can't even get them sucked up into the plunger
i've even used it in my hair to tame the frizzies
my dry face patches disappear instantaneously
the is quickly absorbed and non greasy.
it moisturizes my skin without clogging my pores
i feel like it fully absorbs into my skin
after my next shower i'd be back to dry itchy tightness
shiseido's white lucent brightening protective emulsion
the even better correcting moisture cream
i definitely notice my pores are smaller
fun to apply and peel off.
dries to a super metallic chrome which is fun
unlike most peeling masks which are thick
silver color when drying
how easily it peels off
it firms my skin and i love that its a peel off!
i noticed smaller pores and definitely a glow.
it pulls all the junk out of my face that clogs up my pores
gives my cheek bones more definition
for it to peel off effectively
plump after using this mask
rinsed it off too quickly lol
my pores were definitely smaller
t peels off easier
you do need to add a thick layer
t peels off nicely at the end
it has a cool tingling sensation while drying.
tightens lines and makes pores almost disappear.
i rinsed it off the second time i used it instead of peeling it off
mask spatula to apply this to my face
after peeling the mask off
sort of like applying a glue
it tightens & lifts my skin.
peels off very easily with little to no residue
i used a extra foundation brush to apply the mask
the mask did gently tingle during application
brighter directly after removing the mask
apply with a foundation brush
t's easier to peel off after 20 minutes
wasn't hard to peel off my pores looked smaller
after rinsing lightly with warm water
tightens pores without drying out my already dry skin
it peeled off nicely
but this one actually works for large pores.
i've inherited big pores so primer
my pores look smaller after treatment
leaving the pores clean
apply a bit of a thicker layer
peels off like a dream.
peel off is fun
it leaves my skin tighten
especially if you use a silicone based or "pore filling" primer
also this works wonders on sun burns.
cheeks due to broken capillaries under the skin
this serum cleared up the flakiness within a week
it is caused by broken capillaries around my nose which won't be "fixed" by any product
this calms my skin down
this soothing serum has actually cut back on the splotchiness
its a nice thin liquid
it sinks into the skin
it is by far the best metal tip eye cream applicator on the market
the product has a slightly sticky gel texture
the stickiness is minimized after you layer a moisturizer over it
one that actually absorbs
cools it as soon as i use it
it soaks right in
sinks into the skin quickly
because this one absorbs very quickly into my skin
soaks into my skin quickly
after applying it to a dry patch on my face
this soaks in quickly with no residue or stickiness
but i have comb/oily skin.
my skin reacts to everything
the gel soaks right into my skin
my skin is instantly dryer
it is lightweight and absorbs quickly.
my makeup was flaking
plumps out fine lines
it is a light weight gel, and soaks in well.
quick absorbing which is perfect for my oily skin
plumps the fines lines.
using this restores the moisture wonderfully
peeling or rough patches
sinks into the skin really well
it sinks rather quickly into the skin
my skin usually dries up in the winter
it's a clear gel that absorbs quickly
i work it into a lather with my loofa.
it rinses completely clean.
locks in moisture alone
the serum absorbs into the skin
is a good base before applying the hourglass primer
it imparts the right amount of moisture in my oily
dry areas without interfering wit my makeup or causing breakouts
it keeps my face moist
once the serum dries
soothed surface redness effortlessly
my pores tend to clog
does not irritate my skin or clog my pores
it goes on and instantly absorbs into my skin.
it is quick to absorb
irritate or even cause burning
my skin just soaks it up!
night on just washed skin
every skin reacts differently
my skin becomes dry quickly after washing
perfect for oily or combination skin.
leaving an invisible finish with no sticky residue
my pores are starting to look smaller
it does get absorbed
it absorbs really quick.
this soap cleans my face with zero irritation
it has a very rich lather
my face usually dries up
it works at adding moisture
my face needed extra moisture
i typically use body wash
the ease of squirting soap out
i typically use a liquid body wash
the texture allows it to turn almost liquid at first contact with the skin
sort of like a smoothing primer
imparts a smoothing glass effect within 30 minutes
this really soaks in well
the bottle also has soft plastic tip to dispense easily
due to my oily skin
it absorbs incredibly quickly.
this soaks into the skin very fast
leaves a slightly sticky residue
it sinks in before your eyes
i love how my skin absorbs this so quickly
along with nightamins skin refining oil
absorbs quickly leaving my skin glowing
it really helps smooth that area to prevent any creasing
de-puffed my eyes
it also absorbs very quickly
so all i’m after right now is a decent ingredient deck that hydrates my eye area in hopes of preventing wrinkles via lazy girl application
tough to close the tube without squirting a little product out
didn't leave an oily residue
the applicator is awful
the rounded tip applicator also doesn't pull the skin around my eyes when rubbing the serum in
a bit on my lids
i gently wipe it off with micellar water before i use makeup because my skin is very oily
no more bags and puffs!
it instantly reduces the puffiness under my eyes
put on some rose spray
the cream smoothes out my fine lines
de-puffs my swollen bags
it how quickly my skin absorbs it
my under eye pores get clogged
it gives the slightest cooling sensation
i also like the smoothe texture which glides easily onto my skin
it has not broken me out or clogged my pores.
i wind up squirting out a ton of extra product
it sinks into the skin quickly
perfect for your morning routine this eye cream absorbs quickly an works well with rushing into make up
the plastic cap is difficult to remove
improves concealer application/prevents creasing
it also aids in puffiness if you put it in the fridge
this eye cream won't completely dissolve wrinkles
hydrates around my eyes like nothing else i've tried
it moisturizes the area around my eyes
it helps to hydrate your under eyes causing your under eye bags to shrink
after applying it to each eye dab the product with your ring finger to help sink into your skin without rubbing
dab on the eye area
when you click the ball down a good amount squirts out
it also creates an incredibly smooth canvas to apply concealer onto
it basically erases puffiness
i literally love this moisture!
this product says it targets the capillaries
love how fast it absorbs
day if i’m more on the oily side: the pore perfecting water gel
possibly the silk or water cream depending on my skin
my pores are invisible
totally zaps any excess fluid.
the ceramic tip is always cool
instantly de puffs after a long night
especially because it has that cool applicator
it absorbs very quickly
it is easily absorbed
usually i use regular compact powders or i use translucent powder
it absorbs in to the skin.
i really like the squeeze tube packaging
it goes on evenly and is not greasy.
i soaks up fast, so my makeup goes on smooth.
instead of drying out our skin
i really feel that this cream has kept my skin protected from damaging daily sun rays
excellent coverage and doesn't gunk up your face.
you can get in a good work-out without white patches of titanium oxide showing up on your face
i feel it absorbs quickly
its oily to the touch
after that it seeps in
i wouldnt' say that it absorbs quickly
it seemed that the moisturizer sat on the surface of my skin instead of seeping into my skin
sun protection in one
it's not greasy or oily and smooths on nicely.
prevents breakouts too for dry skin!
it comes in a tube which i like
it uses talc which absorbs oil
deeply moisturizes without clogging my pores.
with its lightweight texture "essential-c" moisturizer does not clog my pores or cause breakouts
it gets dried out easily
helps lock in the moisture.
i layered this over a few other murad products for moisture
not oily and absorbs quickly.
my skin reacts to products immediately
this cream works and it smooths the skin.
works best with the cloth pads.
this product sinks right in!
once i applied the cotton-like pads
i just apply one pump in a thick layer under each eye
the pads soak up all the product leaving eye area dry
i used 5-6 pumps from the inner eye to outer edges
it plumps my skin up
usually layer eye cream over it
it also softens my under eye lines.
does it come in gallons?
feels like it's filling in the wrinkles
as a result find it hard to use pore filler primers without issue
smoothed the skin refining lines
it burns slightly after i have just cleansed
helps it heal overall faster
filling in facial contour lines
tightens my pores drastically
or nasal labial folds
used all of my serums from lightest to thickest
this mask plumps the skin
the elasticity in my face is shot
i pat alittle "needles no more" on the indentation
the scarring completely plumps up to be flush with my healthy skin
the expression line smooths out flawlessly
pat the tiniest amount on wrinkles, pat pat pat.
it filled in my skin and plumped it.
it fills in the small lines
i used my fingers
does soften wrinkles with multiple applications
t's needles no more filler mask
contoured face that took 10 yrs off
which made my face start to look like putty
doesn't even clog my pores like most products do.
it works for forehead
it fills my laugh lines almost instantly.
nose to outer corner of the mouth
which really decreases the indentations in the lines
it works best on people with hollow cheeks due to loss of elasticity
it burns slightly for a second
it tightens and fills in fine lines.
plus i love the brush!
it nicely firms and smooths my 48 year old skin.
sinks into the skin
absorbs very quickly and doesn't feel heavy.
salty streaks around your eyes
chapped around the nose
keeps my skin from drying out
the new oils that are supposed to not clog your pores
a clarisonic with a sensitive brush head
within a week my skin isn't flaking
it soaks in quickly
pores are reduced and wrinkles are smoothed out.
it really truly minimizes my pores
texture and dry patches also went away.
just gently glide your ring finger
rich-feeling kind of moisture
it absorbs very quickly
feels light when applying absorbs quickly.
i don't have dry flakes
it melts into my skin, drinks it up like water!
product smooths out eyelid wrinkles without leaving them feel dry
it takes away the dry skin on my lids
absorbs quickly and feel it restores elasticity.
i love how it absorbs quickly into the skin
it did a good job of cleaning out pores
my pores have decreased
it absorbs really well into the skin
my pores are less visible that before
my pores are smaller
it definitely reduced my prominent pores
my skin doesn't burn and has not peeled.
love the moisture from this product
it slowly goes from a cream to an oil
slowly hydrates all day
it really absorbs into your skin
i put a thick layer on after cleansing
then gently wipe off any excess with a cotton pad
then liberally apply this mask
it is a thick cream base that sinks into the skin
blot my face dry
let it seep into my skin
this is more of a scrub than a mask
just apply a light layer
my all time fave pore clearing mask is the white glam glow
my pores are so much smaller now
it surfaces all your black heads for easier extraction
it dispenses in a gooey black substance
does it get rid of pores?
i've these oil/debris pulled masks before
clogged pores on my nose
forehead without over drying or itching
it tingles and cleans pores.
this mask deep cleans without over drying
it really helps clean out pores
pumpkin usually destroys my skin
it's foamy while only using a pea size.
i also love that it exfoliates without leaving my face blotchy or dry
my nose had a dewy affect
super oily on my forehead
it keeps the oil at bay
lightly foams up when you add water
gently removes make up
it's so creamy that all it takes is a pearl sized amount to cleanse my entire face
evens out my skin
clean without being drying
overall moisture level of my skin
it cleans without over drying
i don't rinse it off right away.
my pores are invisible
that keeps my pores clean
like that there's no artificial "squeaky clean" feeling after rinsing off
glowing *disclaimer i use it as a daily wash
impurities at the end of the day
how it gently foams up
my pores appear smaller
it dried my skin
nose are the most oily
it gently exfoliates and makes your skin glow!
their are acids in this face wash that help remove dead skin cells gently without being to harsh on the skin
it is not drying at all while it exfoliates away all the dead skin without any hard abrasives
foamy-mess of this product
this daily cleanser cleans deeply into pores
removes dead skin cells so gently that it doesn't feel like it exfoliates
it can clean out pores as deeply as a charcoal mask
exfoliated a few times a work
i usually avoid foaming face washes because they're drying
i always have large pores on my nose and cheeks.
all the grime beneath my skin
inside of pores is removed
i could not find a cleanser that would help shrink my pores
impurities without stripping my skin
bright after i rinse it off
cleaned my skin well
my face is oily
removes all impurities so my skin honestly feels soft to touch
my pores are smaller
foamy- there are soft little bead like exfoliators that disappear
become foamy with the rest of the product when you work it into your skin in circular motions
grease from a long day at work
every single one has made my skin peel
only lasts while washing
smaller pores immediately after using this product
i didn't like rough exfoliators.
rather a rich milky almost body
it cleans by oily skin
this cleanser comes out of the tube creamy with some gentle particles in it
oil without stripping my dry skin
easier on the wallet
cleans with a great lather without being too oily
soft without feeling taut or scrubbed raw
it really lathers up.
the product is quite drying
it exfoliates without harsh beads
another for that truly cleanses the skin without stripping it
it completed cleansed my combo skin without leaving areas stripped or not cleansed
when i rinse my skin feels smooth
relieved it of all the dead skin cells
it's soft and lathers well.
sometimes exfoliators dry out my skin
helps remove any texture
it took the stains off
i started using this when my pores were super clogged
it definitely cleans out the pores
it has completely cleared my pores
my pores look smaller after washing with this.
i also like how it lathers
my bf has oily skin a constantly gets black heads
it has helped brighten his skin cleaned his pores
clogged pores since my teens years
my skin soft while also emptying my pores
normally stray from "purifying" because it strips my skin
it foams up really well
cleans the skin nicely
it works up a nice lather
i noticed my blackhead/pores were minimized
my pores get clogged with gunk
foams up so nicely with my facial scrubber
smooths out skin and diminishes pores!
it dissolves my foundation instead of just moving it around on my skin
a face oil on oily skin?
my pores look invisible
it cleans so well.
my pores look great afterwards
dissolving away from your face
my mia brush wasn't covered in soapy makeup goo
minimize my pore size a lot
seems to diminish pore size
i struggle with oily skin
combination skin with noticeable pores
using this cleanser with the deep pore bush head on my clarisonic has completely turned my skin around
makes my pores smaller
love this cleanser- gets all the gunk out of my pores
i love how this really helps to decongest my pores
it is on the drying side
not strip the skin
my pores appear a lot smaller
grime from each night off my face effortlessly
my pores are visibly tighter
love the moor mask so much
i usually wear full coverage foundations that clog my pores
maintains the stubborn pores around my nose
needed something to completely unclog my pores
the roller ball does not work well
applied the serum with my fingers
easily achieved by body heat
it made my skin elastic and clean near eyes.
once applied to the skin
dries nicely with the skin
it soaks right in
my pores are nonexistent
this whipped argan oil doesn't
it loses some of it's body as it settles
it provide needed moisture to my skin
absorbs easily onto your skin
cardboard all day which seriously sucks the moisture out of my skin
normal-dry on my cheeks
this cream absorbs quickly
deeply moisturizes without leaving a greasy residue
this is moisture in a jar.
it literally feels like whipped cream on your skin
it's soaks right into my skin
it melts into my skin
not filled with a boatload of chemicals
serums i use underneath so they don't dissipate
it absorbed very well into my skin
and thick without being heavy or clogging.
oily with some dry patches
hate exposing it to air in order to dip into the contents
this is basically the 100% pure argan oil air whipped with hyaluronic acid
press the product into your skin
sink into the skin so quickly
grows out his facial hair in the winter
his skin gets so dry underneath that i'll flake.
josie marans- whipped argan oil face
it absorbs into my skin quite nicely
it doesn't clog my pores or feel heavy on my skin
it soaks up quickly
it absorbs quickly with no residue or heavy feeling
it doesn't clog my pores which mine tend to clog very easily
my pores are smaller
the pores on my nose aren't clogged anymore
my face is moist!
rain or shine,it stays moist the whole day.
it sinks in so quickly
it sinks in so nicely
it absorbs very quickly
it goes on nicely and dries so it's not oily.
it balances out my combo skin
her face wipes are a staple
i rinsed mine off
no sticking to my pillows or residue
it works two ways: thickly packed on as a 10-30 min deep mask or a super thin layer for an overnight mask
a 10min application of this rich glycerin-containing mask removes dull skin
provide moisture by hyaluronic acid
very little rinsing is required
it even took away all my dry dead skin flaking on my forhead
it washes off really nicely
instead of stripping your skin of moisture it adds it
emptying out the jar
my pores are all cleaned out
it really sloughs off the dead skin
i like to apply to damp skin
then massage the grains in circles with dry fingers before rinsing
the salts are not harsh on your skin
when i rinsed it off, my skin felt like silk!
it takes off all the dead skin of the surface of your face
so soft after scrubbing
let it sit for 10 min then for about a min or 2 with a dab of water scrub my face
then rinse it off in the shower
helps remove some flaky skin
the pores on my nose were full
i used this and my pores cleared right out.
it doesn't burn or irritate the skin while its drying
the little beads actually wash off
once rinsed my face looks glowy
rinsed it lightly without overly buffing it into my skin
gently swept it off with water
as it will clean out pores extremely well
this "polishing mask" completely gets rid of any flakey
this mask exfoliates, brightens, and polishes!
tend to get a lot of sebaceous filament around my nose
i still had some filament in my tzones
using this cleaned those areas raw
the beads schloff off all the dead skin cells
i take fluid pills and blood thinners.
i even rubbed some on my lips while i was washing it off
it hasnt over-dried my skin
the steam helps to open up the pores
i will gently rub the sugar particles around my face
the tiny granules really cleaned out my pores
you can literally see the sugar cubes in the mask
my skin dries out easily so most masks
this mask does have a warming sensation
it foams slightly and a little goes a long way.
chapping my skin when i used the clarisinic twice a day
was drying out my skin
doesn't dry out my skin causing red
a little dry, but so smoothing.
along with my usual scrub
it cleans without drying
precision pore cleansing pad
doesn't dry my face, just gently cleanses.
washes off so easily
gunk i have on my face except for water proof eyeliner
it cleans but doesn't dry.
no residue and no drying after-effect.
it dries my skin a little
it cleans and refreshes my skin.
takes off make-up and keeps my skin moist.
cleans skin and leave face clean and dirt free.
it cleanses without drying
deeply cleanses my skin
soothe my skin overnight
it makes my nose pores almost not visible
when i rinsed it off
my pores were clean and flawless.
my skin will either be irritated or my pores will become super clogged
it glides on like butter.
my pores appear smaller
it also really opens my sinuses which i greatly appreciate
my pores feel great during
i instantly noticed smaller pores
such a gentle yet effective cleansing mask that deeply cleans skin without drying it out
i already use a charcoal face wash
a hyaluronic face lotion so my pores aren't massive to begin with
my massive pores around my nose
minimized my pores just as written on packaging
my pores are absolutely minimized
instantly saw the minimized appearance of pores.
this mask visibly decreased my oiliness
how my pores are small
ive found that when i go in with a pore strip after rinsing this mask off soooo much more "gunk" comes out of my pores
my nose area always has enlarged pores
this mask definitely helps combat the look of large pores
my pores do look smaller
or clog my pores
it balanced out my oily skin without drying the dry parts
the pores on my nose practically disappeared after one use
it washed off easily
it has practically cleaned out my pores around my nose area
it really is hydrating while removing impurities just like the typical pore refining masks
definitely saw the minimizing of my pores
i normally use origins black charcoal mask
noticed size of pores shrink with one use!
great product for big oily pores.
it didn't close up my pores as well as some masks
the mask also remains fairly elastic even as it dries
it says to apply a light layer
while it didn't pull out blackheads from my nose it definitely visibly shrunk the pores surrounding my nose
i've used plenty of different clay/charcoal masks
anything claiming to pull out impurities
my pores instantly went down after i used this mask
this totally cleared out my pores without over drying
this mask is amazing at cleaning out the pores.
i like that it does not dry crusty - stays moist.
i applied a little heavy where my pores are visible
i washed my face
unlike other charcoal or mud masks
i can easily remove blackheads with my beauty tool without damaging my pores
kiehl's amazonian clay used to be my go-to mask
messy to remove once dried
it pulls out my whiteheads hiding underneath my skin
i always do a thin layer.
my pores just keep looking smaller & smaller!
my pores have gotten so smaller
the white charcoal offsets the drying effects of the black charcoal
i apply this with a foundation brush
really clears up my skin
my pores have gotten smaller
this mask helps with oil control with my super oily skin
its so moist too
gave this a try for the black charcoal to help with pores
even after it dries
it rinses off so easily
cleaned out my pores
it truly deep cleans my pores
reduces the oiliness of my skin
it cleans the pores
it leaves my pores feeling smaller
it definitely cleans out my pores
it does clog my pores or dry out my skin.
it blends into your skin immediately
rejuvenates your skin within 7-10 days
skin takes a while to regenerate.
3 nights extra strength peel
sensitive skin with some large pores
then put on the lightweight emulsion by bareminerals
keeps skin moist without feeling sticky or oily.
i feel like this allows it to spread thinly
absorb quickly into the skin
absorbs into the skin quickly with nearly immediate results
liquid foundations just sit on top of my skin
it soaks right into my skin
makes my pores practically disappear
helped my oily skin
this stuff absorbs quickly as it is so lightweight
light, serum texture, absorbs quickly.
it was light weight, absorbed quickly.
it removes the makeup without striping the skink of its moisture
helps with patches of dry skin
it soaks in nicely
my cheeks and forehead sucked this formula up.
it smoothes my skin
it soaks into my skin well
i like this serum very much sinks into the skin
i feel my pores are less visible
the serum has a lightweight consistency that soaks into my skin quickly
it is not sticky and sinks into the skin nicely.
clog pore in my t-zone
my pores seem smaller too.
it sinks into the skin nicely
it's slowly becoming less oily
texture of my skin as well as minimize my large pores
it absorbs into the skin right away.
runny side so caution when pumping
it just melts into the skin
it works well as a lip balm
great on dry cuticles and lips.
this balm melts right into the skin
it works wonders on my chapped lips
it does add moisture
that fades so fast
it turns out to smoothen my face!
my nose was dry
starting to flake from rubbing tissue against it
it literally just shriveled up like a prune.
my nose isn't flaking dead skin
prevents dryness all day
this product helps with my elbows
this product is thick in the pot
it works magically on chapped lips
this hero salve works magically
cream for dry palms
soothing small cuts on my h
on face or body
not greasy or slimy.
perfect for lips, elbows, nails, eyebrows.
thins out nicely when you apply it
cuticles as the moisture soaks in
lasts without any greasy residue
your skin soaks this right up
the roller-ball applicator is fun
because it rollerball applicator
it glides onto your skin smoothly
also rubbed it on the dry patches on my feet
it goes on oily
soaks really deep into the skin
it gets rid of dry patches
my pores are minimized
i noticed that applying a thin
on super dry patches
it goes on and soaks right into my skin.
just the right amount of moisture for my oily skin
so far i have any clogged pores or breakouts forming from it
peeling parts of my skin
this oil fixed my dry patches
the rollerball applicator is great
it didn't absorb super quickly
great on chapped lips too.
this oil absorbs so well
it absorbs quickly leaving skin plump
it soaks in so fast
found that it soaked in quickly
i started waxing to reduce the darkening.
i tried this on my armpits
i love how it softens
doesn't clog my pores
soaks into the skin almost immediately
this absorbed into my skin on context
metal tubes don't hold up outdoors as well as milk's plastic
i also get the gel version of retin a which does peel your skin
easily into my skin
i've mostly used the oil on my cuticles
skin soaks it up just the right amount.
the roller ball pump/shot dispenser is so cool
i put it on my cuticles, hands, face, wherever.
or my skin absorbs it really quick
combination normal to oily skin
the product inside seemed to have little bubbles of air inside the solid oil
when i applied it to my lips
settles into top cheek lines
i order a stick that glides over anything
t soaks in quickly
it didn't absorb into my skin
it absorbs pretty quickly
it goes away though because it absorbs quickly.
the texture is light/non-sticky
literal silk for your dry face.
comes with a resealing lid within the cap
screw the product back down inside the tube to create a seal
goes on smoothly and soaks in quickly.
just waiting for the eye pigments to arrive now
i just wipe the top layer off to clean it
won't transfer arm germs to my face
my lids aren't super smooth
my lids look dry
i like the non-messy applicator
it glides on seamlessly
no oily residue at all.
it's super lightweight and sinks into skin.
it layers beautifully under my makeup as a thin
use a pore filler because this doesn't fill in pores
i used cooling water instead of my daily moisture
my visible pores have diminished
then i'll apply 1 to 2 drops of rosehip oil all over my face
really cools me off
it's not sticky and absorbs well.
it also absorbs quickly
it really cools down the skin
no waxy residue or gross film left on my skin!
so cooling in my undereye.
the gel glides on so lightly leaving my skin refreshed without messing up my makeup
i also like to layer it underneath the ptr cucumber mask
at room temperature they are comfortably cooling
it instantly wakes my skin up
this cooling water stick is amazing
this instantly cooled my skin
this stick is a slick of replenishing light moisture that sooths
on my legs after shaving
it definitely cools my skin
it is suitable to use to de-puff your eye bags in the morning
i would rather be putting spoons in the fridge
in need of a cool zap
as well as oily
once the cooling effect has worn off i'll rub it into my skin to moisturize
this cools the under eye area
the cooling feeling wears off after 10 seconds
sometimes i apply it to my lips
quickly discovered it smells rank when applied
the cooling sensation wakes me up
the ritual of rubbing it on my face
i started using the cooling water
feels it applies evenly
t filled in my pores
i like that it absorbs quickly
my skin gets very dehydrated causing it to flake
it actually sinks into my skin
it really helps when my pores get congested
i find it works nicely at calming my skin after an at home peel pad
it is so lightweight, it just melts into my skin.
it does not clog my pores
it doesnt clog my pores
the acnes are drying up
my skin can be simultaneously dry
my skin has cleared up and it's replenished.
does not clog my pores
it doesn't clog my pores
added moisture to dry areas
lets my oily skin get the moisture it needs without clogging my pores
the cleansar dries my skin out a little bit
this restores the moisture
absorbs quickly without leaving a greasy feel
along with occasional sebaceous cysts due to the excess sebum production beneath my skin
clogging my already easily-clogged pores
since it is fast-drying
helps make-up apply more evenly while protecting blemish areas
blend a very light layer all over face
provides enough moisture for my combination skin
it leaves skin semi- matte
this lotion controls oil clogging up your pores
it gets absorbed fairy quickly
my pores are smaller
my skin is a mix between oily
it is lightweight and absorbs very quickly.
it absorbs pretty quickly
drys quick and leaves skin soft.
i just had a pca peel
short of me getting chemical peels 2 times a week
minus the face peels
large pores that get clogged easily
healthy like this clogs my pores
line minimizing hydrator during the day
it absorbs quickly into the skin
absorbs quickly without leaving sticky residue
feel smother because of retinol
deep cleaning our pores
my pores were huge
it absorbs so quickly
on top of oily skin
it sets the skin up to soak in all he nutrients or treatments in the mask you are using
the foam is so soft
neck for a few minutes before rinsing off with a cloth
wash off with cloth
i've accidentally sprayed it in my eye because the nozzle isn't super exact
the spray feels cool on my skin
this helps when i'm using clay or mud masks
helped prepare my skin for masking
it is still a refreshing burst of moisture
mask or no mask
my mask washed off easier.
i used their charcoal mask.
really helped the mask apply more evenly.
it helps prevent the skin from over drying under the mask
this product combats the drying effect while still allowing the mask to do it's healing magic
it also soothes my skin when applying stronger acidic masks
didn't notice a different in absorption of my masks
this maskimizer has improved my skin texture especially after removing mask that sucks all the toxins
i used it under my nose pore strips
got 5+ times the amount of gunk on the pore strip than i usually do
if you like pore strips
this is what i did: instead of wetting my skin
i peeled the pore strip off the plastic
sprayed this spray directly on the side that goes onto the skin
literally sucks every single thing out of your pores
and it also works for peels!
peel masks come off in one layer
it really plumps your skin.
making my skin absorb mask better .
/or toned prior to masking
the mask ingredients seem to absorb better
it helped it to dry faster
my face is cleansed
protect my skin through both the heat
getting rid of all the impurities on my skin
i saw the pores get smaller
like follow up no residue on the cotton pad clean
fades as soon as i rinse it
it also reduces the appearance of black heads
the fact that it foams up
it refreshes your face right away
doesn't leave a soapy residue to skin either.
it lathers really nicely
it gets through the urban decay all nighter spray
i think it's because of the liquid to foam consistency
it foams up so much
you can feel your skin being cleaned inside of your pores
it foams up so nicely when i massage it into my skin then when i rinse it it leaves my face feeling 100% clean
cleanses without leaving my skin died out
i wear urban decay makeup.
instead of feeling dried out after cleansing
melts make up off, leaves skin smooth as silk.
once your start rubbing the gel into your skin
it will foam up
spread easily over your skin
cotton ball is always clean.
it does just rinse away
it cleans your face
it removes all my excess oil
i recommend patting your face dry with a towel to avoid tightness
with just some clogged pores
i used this with my sonic brush
it cleans my skin
the marine boosting mist
it just extensively dried my skin out
a lot of face washes make my skin dry
the marine boosting mist
doesn't leave residue like other oils
it rinses completely clean with water
turns into a delicate milk which washes away easily
i love bare minerals makeup
it rinses away with ease
this bareminerals cleansing oil is a very thin oil that gently removes all my makeup
when i add a bit of water it turns into a milky cleanser that washes off fast
it takes everything off effortlessly
it easily washed away in seconds with water
especially water-resistant eye makeup
doesn't leave skin/lashes greasy
the oily parts are super oily
my skin is no longer overproducing oil
it emulsifies with bit of warm water
this product does create a very thick foam
it lathers up nicely
cleans my skin very well.
as a fan of the previous deep cleaning foam
the pores on my nose are clearer after using this
just a pea size amount is all you really need to lather up the cleanser into a creamy foam
it pulls everything unwanted from your pores
i also love the fact that this product doesn’t use any beads or granules which makes it gentle on the skin
causing my makeup to look cakey
it transforms from a red clay to a white creme.
i wet my finger tips with warm water
massage in until it turns milky
removing after with water
keep rubbing your h
my pores are shrinking
it is a really cool gel that turns into a foam cleanser
gets a much deeper cleanse
it does foam up
i usually just dip my fingertip into the gel cream
like it doesn't clog my pores
it absorbs quickly and didn't break me out.
we are oily and have large pores.
does not clog pores
it absorbs pretty quickly
love the texture and how fast it's absorbed.
drying out my face
roughening the texture of my skin
both absorbed into my skin so well
the next day the cream somehow fills in the space
kind of sticky in a container
which allows it to spread thinly over the skin
it melts into my skin nicely
no dry flakes all winter :
it moisturizes without being heavy or greasy.
turns into an oil type texture
i love every product bare minerals has.
i've used bare minerals for several years
it absorbs almost immediately
this works beautifully to coat your skin in rich moisture
my skin sometimes still flakes
the spf is just the icing on the cake!
it isn't greasy, soaks in quickly!
my skin absorbs the oil quickly now
the oil itself is very runny and is not thick.
dry around my cheeks
scalp when i start to get dry
night creams give me giant pores in the morning
combination oily skin with dry patches
i then started applying a thin layer under my foundation in the morning
it soaks right into your skin
this just sinks into my kin
it plumps my skin
somehow minimizes the discoloration
silicone-filled moisturizers to put the moisture back into my skin
as i thought it would clog my pores
absorbs into the skin beautifully
it absorbs super fast
especially a thicker night cream
even misting my face became a chore.
it takes on the smell of the facial mask
i struggle with oily skin
it doesn't clog my pores at all
plus it doesn't clog my pores
my pores seem smaller in a week
warmed in my palms
this oil is so smoothing
it has not clogged my pores
rubbed to heat it up
press this oil into my skin
it creates clumps with my powder foundation
after it absorbs a little bit
it's difficult to keep the lids secure on the jar
i also take it underneath the brow bone
like paint spackle to smooth
it is very light and dries quickly.
it does have a slight scent but fades quickly.
my large pores do appear smaller
not heavy, sticky or oily.
it absorbs in very quickly
i develop from time to time dry patches on cheeks
it absorbs so quickly
it sinks in to the skin super fast
leaves zero residue on top of the skin
it's easily rubbed in
a tiny dab on my finger covers most of my face
i like that it is more of a watery/gel formula
i used it over cleansed and toned skin.
certain moisturizers turn into puddles of oil by morning time
my skin absorbs it quickly and it hydrates well.
dryness on the perimeter of my face
if you are prone to clogged pours
evenly on my skin
i usually follow up with the estee edit pore vanishing stick
it quickly evaporates once you apply this on your skin
i feel like it soaks in immediately
the rainforest of the sea face wash
this melts into your face
it is light weight and absorbs quickly.
under my eyes my skin flakes
my skin doesn't peel at all
sometimes it gets dry flakes
because it dries so fast
it doesn't create milia
this seams to balance everything out
this stuff sinks right into my skin.
cleans my skin so well
my skin absorbs it like water
it soaks in fast.
hydrates better than anything i've ever used
absorbs pretty quickly for me
the underside of my nose
being an oil slick
once it dries down
it soaks right into my skin after i wash it
my skin just soaks it right up
it never leaves any residue or a greasy lair on my face
like it just drank a glass of water
it dries on skin fairly quickly
it also works well with my mineral veil primer.
under all that grease i'm dry
it dries up quickly
i follow up with a oil-absorbing sheet to mattify
the green toner from clinique solves that issue nicely
i wear it after i moisturize taking special attention to the areas prone to lines/creasing
the loop actually wiggles back
hold the device vertically under my eye
vibrates to move around the eye area
absorbs into the eye area super quickly
i just dab the product under the eyes then use my fingers to gently work in the product or use a separate skin petal that's metal
it turns into a milk that wipes off
leaves no oily residue
it dried out my pimples without drying out my face
no smeared mascara under your eyes
washes it all away so easily
my pores are smaller
hydrates my skin while removing all of my make up
3 or 4 pumps on dry skin is enough to remove these layers
this product barely irritates my eyes when compared to pure oils
it literally melts your make up off.
cleanses beautifully without drying my skin
rub it to remove your foundation
•wet your fingers with water
the essence helped my pores look smaller
beats the fresh clensing oil
removes all of my makeup and rinses clean!
instantly tightens and contours the skin.
then it rubs into your skin without making it greasy
it absorbs into the skin easily
it is thick but easily rubs in.
it quicky absorbed into my skin
also the cream doesn't irritate my eyes
it quickly absorbs into my skin
love the green bubbles.
it's light and absorbs quickly.
it comes with a little spatula which is great to avoid putting your fingers into the jar
i like how it comes with a small spatula to gather cream from the jar instead if using your fingers
when applied to my skin it absorbs so easily
have flushed red skin
cream always gets under my finger nails
firm without being oily
comes with a tiny spatula to help get it out of the jar
it absorbs really well
my pores are not visible
i love that it absorbs quickly as well!
ether too because it has brighten my skin.
it didn't erase my pores
my pores also diminished.
how fast it dries on my skin
my pores are still very visible
it seems to work well with tightening pores
large pores on my chin
it's like my skin was a dry sponge that soaked all the product up
my pores were smaller
it settles into my small lines well.
i don't have big pores
little magic golden jelly pads.
tip: flip over the jar each time you use them so that the essence saturates evenlyi've tried many eye patches
smoothen by this eye mask
good stuffs are absorbed by my skin around the eyes
crusted over black head
this product significantly plumps up my under eye area
my make up was creasing
make up adhere to a smooth surface
temporarily plumps the skin
it smoothed it out
this is the bees knees.
i also kept the inner cover to rest the little lifting spoon on it to prevent contaminating it or the unused patches
the gel texture also acts as a nice barrier to make sure the serum stays on your skin
when i remove them i pat the remaining serum into my skin
cooling under the eye
the serum absorbs quickly
the serum settles to the bottom of the jar
will transform your under eyes
it absorbs well into skin
it dispenses way too much eye gel
smoothes underneath my eyes very well
my eyelids were so dry, even flaking!
it lightens up the darkness
it helps keep my makeup from creasing or looking dry
it also has a slight cooling/sooting sensation when you apply
many eye creams will clump under my makeup
this gel doesn't migrate into the eyes like some creams do
smooths under my eyes
it makes the concealer clump up
it helps avoid creasing
it helps your product melt
blend easily into your skin
no crinkles at all
all around, daily use eye gel.
this gel formula absorbs so nice
it absorbs very quickly
absorbs into the skin extremely quick
it also absorbs quickly
because it contained the bouncy mask
usually go for charcoal masks
my pore size is visibly reduced
it smooths over the skin super easy
i washed it away
another great feature of this mask is that it opens up your pores
just a thin layer over the face
the thick gel goes on so cool
less watery to the touch
thin on the skin
then after i rinsed it off
i can't say about minimizing pores
my skin just soaked it all in
tightened my pores and left skin glowing.
this mask has dramatically help with my dry skin
this mask is literally a breathe of fresh air
this mask left my skin firm
really soaks into the skin
this serum absorbs quite quickly
a sample or a few weeks of use won't work either because your skin typically regenerates
a new layer comes up every 28-45 days
emulsion in the morning
nothing takes off liquid lip like this
no tugging or burning as with wipes.
or add water to turn it into a milky cleanser
when i use makeup remover wipes it leaves my lips irritated
i then turns into a milky frothy soft suds.
gently erases all signs of mascara
glass jar lasting for months
clean after i rinse it off with water
it turns into this milky soft liquid that you can further use as a cleanser
it removes loreal liquid lipstick like its a gloss
i feel like it deep cleanses pores
removes all the pollution
rinses off fantastic without leaving the face with an oily residue feeling
it removes every single speck of make up- even water proof mascara
the makeup melts away so easily
not oily or stripped
love this moisturizer because it doesn't clog my pores
which clog very easily
super dry/scaly spells
i used an enzyme peel before applying the mask before bed last night
with combo normal/oily skin
it feels comfortable putting a thick layer on as an overnight moisturizer
gets absorbed after about 30 mins.
a light layer during the day
my pores are much less visable
it's instantly cooling on the face
it really absorbed into my skin nicely
it absorbed fast, spread well.
the product soaks in very quickly
its also soothes my skin
it is a lightweight sleeping mask.
instantly relieves any dry patches
absorbs in an instant
so a little dab on knees
cleans, no residue, doesn't dry out skin.
it foams up nicely on the face
not over drying my oily skin
it dried out my skin
everyday dirt especially summer sweat
green foam is cool.
the foam hydrates my skin perfectly without stripping away my natural oil
foams are usually so stripping
cleans everything off my face with zero drying
make your pores st
i apply on my cheeks
i apply with the pro angled contour brush #75.
that glow immediately disappears
oreos it for the double wear liquid foundation
creates a nice clean canvas prior to applying my foundation
absorbs into the skin quickly
applied the mixture with a flat top kabuki
at cap end has a compartment with a little balm for quick fixes
it had the slightest pigment
the best part is the simmer concentrate
then i go with some powder highlighter on top which secures the cream texture in place
i applied it with a makeup brush on my cheekbones
nose after i applied my foundation
it dries with a matte feeling
dewy without being greasy
rubs quickly into skin.
it hydrates instantly giving my skin a grate moisture with is shimmer
it blends nicely onto of my foundation.
paired with the highlighter in the cap it really amps up the glow
refreshes your whole face
not greasy or thick
it's hidden in the lid of the product.
then you flip the cap for a highlighting cream when i use on my brow bone or/
i love the hydrate portion for using underneath my foundation
dabbed it onto my cheeck bones
it hydrates my skin effortlessly
use beam hydrate glow over the powder
on top of the powder
it smoothed on very easily
it also gives the skin a little added moisture.
under my brow bone
whether you use it on your own or add the layer of a powder highlighter this give you that blinding glow
i put a very light coat on my cheeks/bridge of nose/forehead
also with just powder
won't add to oily skin
the glow is beautiful it hydrates minimizes imperfections
works better when you have exfoliated your skin.
it is a thick cream
it literally melts into the skin
after massaging into my skin over my serum
the pores on my cheeks are a bit large
not drying or irritating to the skin
it is absorbed fast.
this is a lightweight gel cream which as it says "smooths"
won't leave any sticky residue
it goes on light, and absorbs quickly.
cooling on the skin
it has injected suppleness
life into my skin
it also reduced the size of the pores on my face dramatically
my face soaks this baby up
it soaks into the skin slowly
this cream hydrates my face to the max without leaving it oily
i've often fallen into the trap of using moisturizers made for oily skin
sinks right into the skin!
it seems thick with a almost gel like combo
it also minimizes my pores slightly
it just soaks in
while on a hunt for moisturization for my recently dried out skin
how quickly it absorbed
the dry patches on my cheeks
amazing for my combination/oily skin as it hydrates the face without leaving a wet/greasy feeling
it's cooling on the skin
my skin isn't producing extra moisture
it soaks right in with no residue.
i find that this product tames my skin
it helped with sooth
it instantly soothes my face
wash your face before using it to clean it from any impurities
it literally clears my dry skin away
it's like a dry skin instant relief zipper
it absorbs quickly and moisturizes well.
gets very dry on the cheeks
it absorbs really quickly
usually absorbs even the heaviest creams without a problem
it absorbs into your skin so quickly
it sinks in quickly
absorbs quickly into the skin
the dry areas soften up
not dry skin with a bit of moisture
my skin soaks it right up
moisturizes virtually all day until i wash it off
the daily eye repair emulsion is really amazing.
it is difficult to put on eyeliner because your eyelids lose their elasticity
you take a deep breath
head off in search of your friendly ceramic piggy
not heavy or caked feel to it
i dabbed a little here
lids let it set
sensitive skin with pores
my all time favorite moisture gel
you can also use it under foundation as a primer it smooths pores
this product absorbs so quickly
it also doesn't clog up my pores
it really sinks into your skin
it sinks into my skin fairly quickly
not runny or too liquidy
use all kinds of drying peels
this provides enough moisture
i washed my face
since it dries very quickly
keeps air out of the product
at night 2 pumps of gel
love how it hydrates my skin for the dayit goes on smoothly
dries down within a few minutes
my pores get clogged with just about any cream i use
after the first application has dried down i just apply a second coat of the gel
i'd follow up with something thicker
usually goes on after the more watery serums
i've tried it all either clogged my pores
even the light gels caused a reaction
the gel melts seamlessly into skin
absorbs quickly so no tacky feel
this gives that moisture
almost as if the bottom layer of my skin is dehydrated
is the perfect amount of moisture for my oily combo skin
it sinks in quickly
without the moisturizer on top it will evaporate.
gives just the right amount of moisture
plump right after applying
not once it absorbs
it's almost like my skin absorbs it all instantly
just the tackiness of skin that is newly moisturized
it soaks in quickly and is never sticky or tacky.
sinks right into my skin
this does a great job of hydrating it without clogging any pores
the way it sinks into my skin
this one hydrates without clogging pores
aka returns a balanced level of moisture to your skin
moisture fight the dryness of your skin
no heavy,oily layer felt on skin.
feels like a refreshing layer of water on your face
this also does not clog my pores.
it's quickly absorbed and leaves no residue.
it absorbs really quickly
its oily skins best friend.
perfect moisturizer to use before makeup because it absorbs fast doesnt leave a residue or greasy texture
i love this gel since it dries quickly
i am also obsessed with the packaging: the dispenser swivels up
it's the perfect amount of moisture
as it helps to hydrate without leaving any oily residue
i noticed less visible pores
it absorbs quickly while hydrating without leaving any residue or oiliness
it actually sinks into your skin
i also love the air-tight pump dispenser.
it doesn't absorb quickly into my skin
it just soaks right into your skin
the cream doesn't leave a greasy residue
it sinks right into my skin.
my face absorbs it like a sponge
didn't clog my pores
it doesn't clog pores at all
skin absorb quickly, not sticky at all.
it dries so quickly
absorbs quickly into the skin
it moisturizes my face without making it greasy.
my pores were smaller
absorbs nicely into the skin
very light and absorbs fast.
it cleans down to the pores without stripping or drying which i love since i have super dry skin
oily over dry in my tzone
it eventually gets slightly foamy
like a thin layer of micro bubbles
i apply it to a damp face
this mask is deep cleaning while being gentle
as the product goes quickly due to it being rather thinly textured
leaves my skin so soft and cleansed.
then after massaging it into foam again
it leaves my skin petal soft
it shrinks my pores
dries out my pimples as well
it cleans out my pores so well
i love the feeling of the foam
it feels like little scrubbers are getting deep into the pores
and then simply rinse it away.
just put a squirt on my fingers
then i wet my fingers
rinsing to get it all off by my skin is squeaky clean
soft without drying it out
then massaged with water
i've noticed that it really gets into my pores
brings the dirt to the surface
works for normal, combination or oily skin.
love this for a good deep pore cleanse.
my pores were tight
i always use their activated charcoal mask
it pulls out impurities like a clay mask would
spread a nice thick layer over a cleansed face
then apply a creamy eye cream overtop
dab it in don't rub
dab the product under your eyes
i say do not dab clumps of the product on your eyes because it could dry thick
absorb into my skin more effectively
from undereye to brow bone to the lids
did not clog my pores
i suggest dabbing the solution directly onto your face with clean fingers
supple through the day without being greasy
brightens without drying your skin out
it smoothes the skin
yet miraculously provides so much moisture
this layers beautifully and is a must.
seals in good moisture so my skin doesn't overproduce oil
pour a few dropsonto the palm of my h
moisture for your skin
while i need several layers of moisture
this lotion is light weight and absorbs quickly.
holding moisture to my skin
my skin wakes up
it sinks right into the skin
i just tap it right into the skin, no rubbing!
this provides a good amount of moisture without making my skin oily
i don't use a cotton pad or ball to apply the product
i simply pour into my palm
gently pat onto my skin
this does have the consistency of a slightly thickened toner which confused me at first
my last concern is that the bottle itself is translucent which may allow penetrating light rays to degrade the product
i apply it with a cotton pad
it is very watery like a toner
i pour it on a cotton pad
it turns into a creamy mixture
pores that i wish were smaller
doesn't leave any sticky residue
lessen the looks if pores
it feels like it soaks right into my skin
it tingles a little while i let it soak in
light liquid that easily spreads across your entire face
hyaluronic acid to lock in moisture
skin gets dry it retains moisture in skin
it reduces pore appearance
my pores were definitely smaller
it dries slightly sticky
my pores are almost non existent
it soaks in like a dream
it goes on sticky
first wash your face and pat dry.
it helps the skin absorb
tighter skin with small appearance of pores.
my pores look smaller
absorbs wonderfully with a heavy residue feeling
firms the skin smoothing your skin texture as well
when i put this elixir onto each pimple
this elixir absorbs very quickly
the oil doesnt seep through my makeup.
think of your skin like a sponge
i think they sprinkle some sort of fairy dust
my pores are clear, my skin is clear.
smoothes out my bumpy/pore prone areas
like all the dead skin cells were magically swept away
without causing any irritation or drying or tightening
glass bottle is so heavy
when it does it squirts out wildly often getting into the crevasse between the pump
it rinses off fairly easily
my skin reacts very well to acids
it helps my clogged pores as well
it takes some time to rinse off thoroughly
follow with a micellar water on a cotton pad just to ensure ya rinsed off completely
i found that product built up in the pump nozzle
it cleans without stripping the skin.
rub in till milky then i add wet fingertips
the pores around my nose
dry skin as well
really cleans it with out irritating my combo skin
it heals the dry skin
he uses every couple of days on a boscia face sponge
the pump often gets clogged
my eyeliner was dried out and unusable.
it absorbs super quickly
how fast it absorbs into your skin without leaving a 'film' on the face
no greasy/oily residue
this product soaks right in
just the right amount of moisture
sinks into the skin
sinks directly into skin.
oily on my skin
has almost a water/gel like consistency
my skin soaks it up as soon as i apply it.
is quickly absorbed into the skin
in the winter it irritates my dry skin
finish with a light layer of this cream before bed
doesn't leave me with a residual sticky film on the surface of the skin
and they melt into the skin easier.
it leaves no residue at all
my eye area is even dryer.
it transforms the skin
how quickly it absorbs
it absorbs well into my skin
no phthalates to clog your pores or deaden your skin
with tidal my skin stays calm
like no pores at all
feels like massaging water into your skin
is usually my dryer areas
sinks in beautifully, and hydrates so well!
i only need two fingertip dabs to cover my entire face
reduces the amount of break outs on your face
the product goes on smoothly and absorbs well.
this water cream absorbs like a dream.
hydrates look no further
no pilling or dry patches
lotions tend to clog my pores
i feel like tidal locks in the moisture
my skin breaks out easily
plump after every application
flakey skin with pores that clog very easily
i also need something that won't clog my pores
i notice that it helps slightly with my clogged pores
it spreads very smoothly
sooo much moisture in one tiny jar.
i find it plumps
sinks in pretty quickly
tidal water cream on top
thats a small price to pay for a make up base that isnt a pore clogging primer
it legitimately reduced my pores or at least the appearance of my pores
it absorbs really fast
it just soaks right into your skin
severely winter dry skin
it plumps out my laugh and marionette lines!
leaving behind an oily residue
every time i apply this emulsion i feel a soothing cooling effect on my face
the emulsion goes on after your toner
has these small nourishing beads that burst
blend into your skin easily as you rub it in
soft without leaving a greasy clogging residue
i wake up with smaller pores
the cream itself is thick
it absorbs quickly into the skin
it soaks right up while leaving my face soft
protects from the sun
my face is combination/ oily
rid the skin of outside impurities as well over time
my skin absorbed it quickly
it goes on smooth and melts into the skin.
lightweight on the skin
is a nice thick moisturizer that absorbs very quickly
it works wonders for clearing up painful spots without drying the skin out
it dries so fast it and leaves my skin amazing.
this serums also absorbs into your skin quickly without feeling dry or too tight
is gentler on dry skin than most peels
remove the top dull layer of skin without irritation
never drys my skin to irratation
doesn't burn irritated areas
it dries quickly and doesn't leave an oily film.
how fast the serum absorbs
my forehead is wrinkly
my face started flaking
skin flakes would drop off all over
strong sacylic acid concentrations actually burn my skin
i still use a pore primer
this cleanser really does an amazing job of removing the dirt/dead skin on the surface
cools off my skin
leaves a cooling affect on your face
my skin soaks up the product so much
it's all up in my pores
no nasty residue on my pillows.
the water droplets are pretty cool too!
absorbs into the skin like water
i'd almost like it in a body wash or body mist
the beading up at first to make it look like real water droplets is satisfyingly cool
literally turns into water while rubbing it on your face
it moisturizes without getting greasy or oily on your h
used up the entire tube!
flake at will as usual
the consistency comes out of the tube like a gel
blended feels like water
it is light enough to layer beneath sunscreen carefully
it turns into water
when it dries it leaves your skin a healthy glow
it sinks right into skin, leaving it petal soft.
my cheeks are dry
am prone to clogged pores in my t zone
it penetrates the skin
i can use it under foundations without it causing pilling
it doesn't leave a residue
it literally melts into my skin
smells good and sinks into skin quickly.
this stuff absorbs fast into my dry skin
i don't wake up in the morning with a lot of sebum
fun to apply because the cream turns into droplets
the skin absorbs it quite quickly
make up glides easily over the healing blemishes
it rids any tightness
so have dryer skin
it comes out like a gel
then rub it into your face
transforms from cream to liquid upon application
melts quickly into the skin.
soaks into the skin immediately
non silicone primers just feel sticky to me
it literally melted into my skin
it's lightweight and sinks into my skin quickly.
balances oily and dry areas.
it comes out of the tube a little thicker than a cream
quick to absorb into your skin
it'll give your skin brightness overtime
the water "drops" actually separate in the tube
get dry patches on my cheeks
it comes out as a gel
love the way this just melts into my skin like water
because it evaporates way to quickly
not sticky and goes on smooth.
it absorbs very fast
this product soaks in really quickly
soaks in to hydrate without leaving any trace of the product
the serum absorbs quickly and feels very light.
this absorbs super well into my skin
for summer when my skin gets patched from sun
so my skin quenches for thirst
quickly absorbed into the skin
it leaves no residue or shine
yet hydrates at a deep level
true it does seep into my skin quickly
it a miracle how it plumps up my deep wrinkles
absolutely sinks into the skin
it's light and absorbs quickly.
it absorbs completely in just a few taps on the skin
it actually seeps into the skin when you use it
this oil really helped my skin moisture barrier
add in the heat
doesn't clog my pores even in my oily t-zone areas
i just use 5 drops
pat into my skin
the oil works great as a skin primer for dry skin
i am worried that it clogs pores
it is light and absorbs easily into my skin.
it also provides a lot of moisture in my skin
the oil absorbs fast into your skin
rub it onto your face
it soaks into my skin quickly
silky textured oil was easily absorbed by my skin making it instantly more hydrated without looking as if i were greasy/oily
making my moisturizers just glide onto my skin
or even create clogged pores
it's all soaked in
exfoliating my arms with my mitt
deeply penetrate it with moisture
it has enabled my skin to heal faster after being exposed to the sun
cheeks have become drier areas
absorbed well into my skin
the oil is quickly absorbed into the skin.
a light application absorbed very quickly
second, it has not clogged my pores!!!!
dry skin is a signal that my skin’s protective barrier
the outermost layers of skin
keeping the outermost layers of skin healthy
plant lipids that my skin needs to protect itself
every facial oil i’ve was thick
leaves no oily residue
shake the bottle to mix the layers.
nothing harsh or chemically.
absorbs into the skin instantly
it goes on very smooth and absorbs quickly.
then use a few drops massaging into skin with the palms of your h
the proct itself comes in a heavy weight glass container with a silver screw on cap
then the product comes out from a droplet
it penetrates nicely without leaving any greasy areas
each shake in the palm of my h
as it soaks in very well
place on your palm
rub on your face
it is immediate moisture.
i wash my face with water
then slathered it on my skin
the ingredients are great: some great humectants to draw moisture to the skin paired with some lovely occulsives to keep that moisture in
the oil seeps in your skin
found that if i wait 30-60 seconds after applying the product fully soaks in
the oil settles in to your skin quickly
nourishes in all ways
perfecting skin without grease or anything gross
the bottle shakes the pitera with all pure oils to create a homogenous safe mixture that just 3-5 drops adequately cover
then layer over the algenist sublime defense blur lotion
i layer a ton of other things on
it quickly absorbs into the skin
i washed my face, then applied.
i rubbed it in
literally melts onto your face
gets rid of dry patches
it provides enough moisture for my dry skin
doesn't clog my pores
the jar is heavy
this moisturizer softens my skin without being sticky it absorbs into my skin quickly
yet absorbs well into my skin
it fades quickly as well
absorbs fast into the skin
rub unto the pillow
after my facial oil i slather splash all over
airless pump would be my first pick.
it absorbs right in with a very light
this one absorbs so quickly on my skin
i also use the glam glow flash mud mask before putting this on
it absorbs so nicely
absorbs easily and does not make my skin oily.
smoothes out my skin
or when i don't want to pile on layers of skincare products= refreshingly simple
it's a temporary fix for your eyelids
my liner would be on my brow bone
this gel instantly cools and comforts my skin.
it immediately gives a cooling sensation
quickly absorbs with no residue
i keep some in the kitchen for burns
keep it in the fridge to make the cooling sensation even more potent
it has a cooling sensation
i glide it over my bags
my eyelids get really dry
i like that it absorbs very quickly
this is fast absorbing
it goes on and absorbs fast.
on a few dryer skin days
evenly when i use it
you just have to pat your finger gently-to smooth it
as well the casing is metal
the casing needs to be rounded plastic
in a non-metal casing
gently massages the fluid build up under your eyes which also helps with the puffiness
t glides on easily
refreshes my eyes and minimizes my dark circles.
my pores are shrinking
it forms a shield on skin in the way a good lip balm would in order to keep lips protected
dry skins could use this as the last step to seal moisture in
it soaked in my skin in about 5-10 minutes leaving a silky dry finish
put the dior jelly sleeping mask on
wake up with no flakes or dry patches
since i sleep on my belly it doesn't glue the pillow onto my face
radiant my skin has become mixing these busboys in with my day
my skin absorbs the serum so easily
it's more of a thin gel texture.
i feel like it dries it and peels it slightly.
gently pat it into my face
the bar is small, and it melts quickly!
and you can feel it cleaning out your pores.
my face actually squeaks clean when i rinse it off
it takes the junk out of my pores from the day's activities
it lathers up into a nice foamy wash
my skin adjusts to products very quickly
all blemishes without drying out the skin
found it too drying
works gently on my face
this clay mask tightens pores without making skin feel tight or pulled like some other masks
made my pores on my cheeks much smaller
it doesn't seem to clear the dirt from my pores on my nose
wipe off with a dark towel after
it does open your pores
a lot of the "gook" from your pores will emerge aka acne will likely popup
there are also small grains that exfoliate the skin upon application
then moistened the mask
further massaged the product onto my skin
before completely rinsing it off with warm water
cleaned out your pores
large pores on my nose
the pores on my cheeks were still noticeable
this mask in non-drying
my pores were noticeably clean
the size of my pores was reduced
the pores less visible
clean feeling without drying it out like traditional clay masks
powders to look amazing on my scarred skin
i apply it after steaming my face while my face is slightly moist
sometimes after my daily peel
drys nicely and isn't sticky.
moisture without greasy feeling.
it smooths my skin out
without looking artificial or chalky
it spreads very thin and evenly.
so much so that i've chemical burned parts of my face with peels
the dryness went away slowly
sinks in pretty quickly
it sucks the gunk right out of my pores
it has shrunk my pores dramatically
favorite mud mask by far.
my pores are clear
i got 3-4 masks out of the super small container.
the mask does not harden your face when it dries
firm skin and less visible pores?
i love to use the queen of hungary mist after removing the mask
clogged pores are gone
my pores were much cleaner
pores are much less visible
it absolutely tightens my eyelids
my skin is losing moisture
tfhe oil soaks in quickly with no greasy feel
this stuff doesn't clog pores or run
it dries down quick without the stickiness or pilling that you often experience with a serum
seems to act a teeny bit like a primer by smoothing my skin
it is a thin gel consistency which glides on easily
it does not seem to clog pores
i poured a little of the liquid into a small spray bottle
i washed my face then dried my h
sprayed my still damp face a few times
i pour just a little splash into the cap
then cap to my palm
it perks up my skin instantly
i put this in a small spray bottle for easier application
i just pour the liquid into the cap
use a cotton to soak it in
the scent dissipates as it absorbs into your skin
i love crushing the tiny portions into my palm
spreading it evenly on my face
hygienic with the spatula to help pick up each pearl
my skin is dry so occasionally i will use two capsules
it helps to squish the capsule using the small spatula that comes with it
not greasy, sinks into the skin.
leaves a greasy residue behind that takes the skin a bit of time to absorb
you use the included scooper to scoop out a bead
then it completely absorbs into the skin
creasing in my smile lines
gently tapping it in along the way
this has helped my pores almost disappear
i tried it with liquid
not dripping wet, but very damp.
then immediately apply the jelly pack
dab them around your face
almost like your stippling with your fingers like you would with a make-up brush
it will start to melt
blend around your face very evenly
when applied properly in an upward patting motion
i do see some caking around nose
then i pat the jelly onto my face
it smoothes my pores
it makes my pores smaller
also keeps the oil at bay without looking flat or cakey
it tightens up your pores instantly
creates a smooth surface on your face
i found it sticky
my pores looked smaller
it goes on sticky
i then gently pat for a few seconds to help absorb the product
it was like a liquid rubber then it literally soaked into my skin making it soft
once it settles into the skin makes a perfect canvas for makeup
it really helps soothe my dry patches quickly.
it basically has a thick glue-like consistency.
it flakes like snake skin
a lovely no rinse mask before bed
then finish with urban decay all nighter setting spray
it plumps and smoothes as well.
it's a bit sticky , but it absorbs after a while.
after massaging it in
it really sticks to the primer
it dries in less than 3 minutes
on my oily nose
it feels like you are applying a thin layer of sticky glue to your face
it is quickly absorbed after applying
my skin tightens instantly
smooths everything right up
this product shrinks them to nothing!
rub the product in upper circular motions
it goes on sticky, dries soft (and quickly).
the stickiness dries into a soft finish in a few seconds
using it as a "makeup grabber"
it's a very thick, viscous, clear gel.
i usually hate priming my face as usually most primers have super thick molecules
tend to clog my pores i tried this as a novelty buy
keeps the grease at bay
fills in pores without clogging
large pores around my nose
this primer tightens your skin slightly
gently rub between fingers to warm it before rubbing in circular motions on the face it dissolve
this product feels like glue or egg white coming out of the container
it holds in the moisture amzingly.
my foundation usually melts by midday
my pores look smaller.
mproved with using the jelly
this product smoothed out the dry skin on my cheeks
it goes on almost glue-like
the "sticky gel" becomes a watery/bamboo sap like consistency when you tap
not sticky non greasy.
i usually massage with my fingers unfil the texture becomes a little bit more watery
being absorbed into my skin
since it is a sticky type gel
it takes awhile to absorb to skin completely
fully absorbs to skin while sleeping
my pores also look smaller
with all the moisture
i feel it helps to lock in moisture.
it quickly soaked in to a nice soft finish.
tips- use dabbing motion to apply sunscreen no rubbing
give some time for the product to liquefies onto skim before layer sunscreen
this stuff is great it fills in pores
this jelly pack is very thick
no blotchiness or creasing anywhere.
tone then the jelly pack covers the rest
it pumps out a thick gel
gives it a bit of sticky moisture
then it absorbs into the skin after a few minutes
dry in the winter from my cars heating vents blowing air on them
i feel like my pores are more cleaned out
this splash mask soothes
i put a dab on a cotton pad
then dampen the cotton pad with water
most serums clog my pores
then splash water on my face to rinse it off
patted on with a wash cloth
i found that using latex makeup sponge dabbed with the product
then running it under the faucet quickly
patting that mixture on my face works great
effective- just splash in the shower
then splash a little water to dilute it
sloughs off dead skin or any flakes
pat it into my skin
after cleansing add product diluted with water to the cap
pour parts into a cupped h
side note: the packaging does suck.
i put just a tiny pour in a bowl with equal parts of water
i don't dissolve it in water.
the kind of hardened sebum that you cant even extract
carefully pour a tiny puddle
quickly pat it into my skin
on non-abraded skin
rinses off so well
lactic acid is a fantastic aha which can be used from anything to gentle resurfacing all the way to moderate or deep peels
meaning the dead skin cells will display
it absorbs quickly on the skin
it melts into my skin and easy to spread.
it melts very easily when you rub it between your fingers
it also layers well with my spf.
apply it with a brush
even on my drier areas like my cheeks
i don't need a clay type masque as my skin needs moisture
follow up with a pore strip
literally no trace of anything that had been clogging my pores
doesn't feel stripped of moisture like other clay masks
it cleans your pores
while minimizing the look of pores
remove with cold water
i used it in combination with the fab radiance peel pads on an area of my face that is prone to break outs
in a very thin layer
one day after mask the blackheads i learned to live with just rinsed off
it works as a great pore minimized
more of a cooling effect on the skin
the smell is the brown algae working its magic to purify the skin without drying it
which is my all-time favorite mud mask
are constantly exposed to pollution
put a thicker layer on
i promise you the surface bumps
patted on some pressed powder on my nose
applied with a dense foundation brush
i felt like this helped minimize my pores
i don't look so moist
melt right into your skin
doesn't work into my clinique mattifying foundation as well
it keeps me matte without having to have a cake face of powder
just blotted onto clean skin
greasy underneath a layer of dry flakes
it leaves my face matte all day without drying it
usually my face would look like a grease smear!
i abhor the shiny nose
some with a stippling brush
it soaks in right away
bouncy firm with moisture
it also dries down pretty quickly
isn't sticky or too watery
my pores are smaller
my pores also look smaller!
is absorbs very quickly in the skin
it's fast absorbing and leaves a soft finish.
it tightens my pores and some small smile lines.
upon immediate application my skins texture is completely smoothed out
the serum soaks in super fast without leaving any kind of film
absorbs very quickly without leaving any greasy residue behind
immediately after application it absorbs right in
it is fast absorbing
it smooths out my fine lines
it 100% reduces my fine lines
i've noticed i've had less mascara smudges under my eyes
it dissolves immediately into your skin
concealer stays on over it without causing creasing or fading
overtime it's evened out my discoloration
leaving me with more of a oily canvas to work with
easy to absorb for my skin
sinks into the skin quickly
it sinks right into my skin
just glides over your skin
doesn't clog my pores
this now eliminates 100% of toxins from the eye area which are the #1 cause of aging-yuk
this cream has many oils inside to nourish the skin without making it feel heavy
soaked right into my dry 52 year old skin
it glides on very smoothly and absorbs quickly.
once it sinks in
they would clog my pores
it forms a protective barrier on the skin
no caking, no pilling etc.
cheeks being the oiliest
the tatcha balanced pore perfecting water gel
which of course dries my skin out
how it quickly absorbs with no residue
oils as a last step to lock in the moisture
it absorbs very quickly
it doesn't clog pores either.
this stuff is the bees knees of moisturizers!
once applied to the skin it spreads easy
the pump container is great for me since i hate unscrewing caps
my skin soaks it all in
this product does absorb nicely
not piling or clogging my pores
for me its improvement: no clogged pores
or gross residual grease
leaving my skin dry
it calms down the skin
this just soaks into my skin without leaving any oily residue
at night mixed with a few drops of marula oil
other contaminants to enter the jar
on the thicker side
just melts into the skin
magically equalizes my oily areas
it really balances the oil in my oily/combo skin.
i also love the airless packaging to keep the ingredients safe from air
there's no oiliness on my skin after applying it
once rubbed onto my face it absorbs so nicely
this one acts like a primer too instantly smoothing the skin
yet doesnt clog my pores
i love the airless jar
if you use it with any other moisturizer it can clog your pores
best stuff ever, absorbs quickly.
resulting in dry patches
i hate sticking my fingers into a jar of cream
it soaks right in
it soaks right in
it just sinks beautifully into the skin.
it sinks into the skin fast
it absorbs instantly into skin
soaks in after a few minutes
when the air is dry
it's thicker than i'm used to
this cream is so thick
this is the first thick cream that i use which immediately sinks into the skin
i do a couple layers of this
would have liked it with the new air tight packaging since dipping fingers in the jar creates bacteria
it is the perfect amount of moisture for dryer winter months
i love mixing it with a drop of de's marula oil for an extra moisture boost
the design of the container is great because the cream isn't exposed to either the elements or any bacteria on your fingers
goes on creamy and smooth, absorbs quickly.
with absolutely no greasy residue once absorbed
soaks into the skin with no greasy feeling.
it's not a greasy moisturizer or glotion which can clog pores
just a perfect glow with just the right amount of moisture
the whole tube will fit in the palm of your h
it definitely lifts and tightens.
it blends into the skin
i go through a pack of oil blotting sheets a week
dry feeling many clay masks give
so unsanitary and exposes product to air.
i love the way it lightly covers small imperfections
smooths everything out without leaving any color
i find that it absorbs quickly
maybe i dilute the glow??
my pores look less noticeable
i even applied it with a stippling brush
two dabs is all you need basically.
the shimmer in this product would cling to all my dry spots
like the moisture on your face
neutralizes the pink color
so much bacteria in jars
it smells like bubble gum so that doesn't suck
it's great to layer under foundation!
absorbent enough to layer with other products
absorbs quickly into skin
it does a solid job of moisturizing at the same with without clogging any pores
my skin is so soft and flows perfectly.
like literally by 12 i'm a greased pig
in the evening i also layer on the perricone hypoallergenic eye cream overtop for a little added moisture
it absorbs right away
sinks into the skin nicely
it doesn't leave an oily residue
this solved my dry cheeks when time for my foundation
it absorbs quickly without a greasy feel
i rub in a few drops after my toner
i layer a night cream
the smell is soft and fades within seconds.
this face wash foams up great
reacts well with gel-consistency face products
it gently skins my skin
it gives a decent lather for a charcoal product
it is rather drying for my combo/oily skin
the drying nature can't be avoided with charcoal products
getting rid of all of the impurities
it cleans my face well
this product dries my face out
i've noticed that there's no more gunk buildup in my pores on my nose with this
it helped to clean my pores
i've used for the longest time the biore pore strips
this product cleans out my pores like a little vaccuum
has the consistency of a mud mask
i've noticed my pores are clean
my pores just breathe
when it dries you can see all your pores because the mask is slightly darker from the oil it has sucked up
i love that i can literally see how it is purifying my pores
left the gel all over my face like a mask for 5 min before cleansing
the deep pore-cleansing brush head
this stuff is a blessing for my oily pores
magine all the gunk it's removing from your pores
helps control the oil without drying my skin
they had splashed black goo all over their bathroom while washing it off
the black gel turns clear as soon as you lather.
my pores appear to be smaller
my pores are noticeably smaller
does not dry my sentive skin rinses clean without residue
it also helps keep oily skin in control
not tight or over-exfoliated
i currently have the charcoal mask on
my pores are less visible
need something to get rid of the dead skin cells
one of my new holy grail face washes.
like beads in it to really deep cleanse my skin
the exfoliation is great rough enough to buff my pores to oblivion while not being harsh
it is so softly formulated
removed of "muck" clogging the pours
this in no way feels like "shards of glass!"
exfoliated well without irritation.
it doesn't foam up
the beads are small
my pores started to diminish after a few uses
the granules are not rough
other exfoliators leave me with cracking dry skin -literally like an earthquake
don't want creasing/patchiness/blotchiness/cracks
my pores were already smaller
the way it lathers
removes flakes from skin without irritating
let the scrubber beads do their job.
perfectly matt without drying it out #cantlivewithout
i don't like that the beads are plastic.
i feel like it really scrubs off those dead skin cells
builds up with flakes
it absorbs so quickly
after the product has soaked in
you cannot touch/rub your face or the excess balls up into little flakes
this moisturizer really blurs my pores!
put it in a tube
mix a dollop of this with 2-3 drops of the clinique diy pigment drops
i used argan oil underneath most of the time
spray has been helping with the oily issue
this stuff has a nice non-oily texture that absorbs quickly
i washed my face, toned and then applied this.
dry on my cheeks
oily in the summer
i struggle with large pores/texture
more importantly does blur out my pores
it's more like a pore reducing primer
a product that helped my makeup crease less
like a thick gel-cream that doesn't "melt" on contact
rub into your skin
it does have a little bit of a pore filling effect
its so hard finding a moisturizer that actually penetrates those pesky chin
as a catalyst to my goal of skin hydration minus flaking
foundation: make up for ever mat velvet
cuts down on oiliness considerably
everything below my forehead is either oily or sensitive skin
my cheeks felt like i dipped it in a 15 pc bucket from kfc
then i apply with taps onto the areas with the most pores
it keeps my face matt all day without dryness
it's thicker than a bowl of oatmeal
it applies great and spreads out evenly.
it doesn't blur any of my pores
then dab on porefessional primer to maintain the matte
i love how it smooths
preps my skin for foundation
it doesn't pill, and it absorbs really quickly.
smooths out fine lines
it soothes my puffy itchy eyes as well as covers like a concealer
even under a mattifying primer or base
this one absorbs quickly
it locks down moisture through the whole night
it seals in moisture through out the day leaving my skin glowing
absorbs quickly leaving my skin so soft
skin just absorbs it.
no dry patches or flakiness
use it on my cheeks
my makeup applied much more evenly-- no settling into lines or pores
it tightened my pores
product is not gouging your wallet
it is quickly absorbed
a little sticky after rubbing in
it dissipates rather quickly
only pat into skin.
thought this product absorbed into my skin nicely
my skin soaks it up without being oily.
it soaks in really well
plumps the fine lines
it soaks into my skin right away
it also absorbs very quickly
it has minimized my pores
it soaks in fairly quickly
my cheeks are so dry
find it dissipates quickly
it quickly melds into my skin
for dry patches of skin on my nose
it absorbs in pretty quickly
it wastes the product stuck in the brush
this product is light enough that it soaks in without leaving that shiny layer
just lip gloss/stain
the applicator took a little getting use to
the brush is soft and applies nicely.
the brush applicator is different
it goes on very easily with applicator brush
i love the feel of the brush applicator
day if i’m more on the oily side: the pore perfecting water gel
possibly the silk or water cream depending on my skin
my pores are invisible
has a subtle glow because of the golden particles
i apply it to the dry portions of my face in circular motions
visibly reduces my pores
dehydrated- patches of flakes etc
since this tightens pores
it's a very light gel texture that sinks into the skin
enlarged/clogged pores with horrible texture
it does leave a very slight protective layer.
-oily-acne-large pores-it has a watery-smooth yet milky-creamish consistency
dries to a powdery finish after 2-3mins
i noticed that my pores visibly started to shrink
does not sit on top of the skin and absorbs well.
making my pores smaller
smooths out my skin so well
this gel actually improves my skin
then it always soaks right in
makes my pores look smaller
it really does help with enlarges pores
works amazing at minimizing pores !!!
definitely balances my pores
a couple of dabs goes a long way.
keeps the oils at bay
sometimes exfoliate with boscia's pore brush
tatcha's pore perfecting water gel
then tatcha's pore-perfecting sunscreen
with a perfect texture that doesn't worsen my oily skin
it's very water-like: runny
the gold dust gives a slight sheen
the stickiness wears off after an hour or so
large pores in my t-zone
once it's completely soaked in
i do see "pore-perfecting" from this though
dry on the cheeks
this is the first moisturizer where i can't run a fingernail down my cheek
decreased my pore visibility
it absorbed quickly and left my skin silky.
my pores do appear smaller and my skin is smooth.
put it on after lightly damp skin!
i think the texture is a mixture between a liquid
it's keeps my oil at bay
my skin reacts to products within a few days
my pores look instantly smaller
the gold like shimmer particles it has in it does not leave any color on your face once applied
my pores doesn't feel "gunked" up
it feels like you are rubbing liquid heaven into your skin
somehow magically controlling my oily skin
since i've used the tatcha pore balancing water gel
not a lot of oil end up on the blotting sheet
let the sweat air dry
t pores no more
luminous without being oily
keeps oil at bay
radiant without being greasy or oily
diminishes the look of pores
i rub directly from the stick from forehead to collarbone
it is thicker than your typical toner
it absorbs very fast
the directions say to pump onto a cotton pad
saves an extra cotton pad a day
grime being washed away
then use a scrubber to scrub it off
mask that i don't have to put in my liquids bag
exfoliates nicely without completely drying it out
its a very sandy feel with charcoal.
my pores were smaller
smooths out your skin
helps keep my pores clear
used to melt inside of its packaging
the particles are quite fine
the formula helps draw out impurities
excess oil from the skin
i love that it can also be used as a mask to further draw out impurities from your pores
tartes scrubber you feel super clean
i love the scrub effect
it rinses off clean and easily which is great.
the micro exfoliants buff away impurities without feeling harsh on your skin
clear of any clogged pores
it cleans your face without being abrasive.
it seriously cleans out my skin
cleans my face quickly
it exfoliates gently unlike other products i have tried that make my skin drier
other charcoal scrubs really dry out my face
this product does such amazing job to clean my pores thoroughly
pulls all of the dirt from my pores
getting rid of dry winter flakes
rinsed with warm water then cold water to close my pores
i needed something to help with my pores.
the texture really cleans your face
it washes off very easily
made my pores appear much smaller
it’s gentle enough to not irritate freshly shaved skin
it looks like a glue stick
then you activate it by massaging your face in a circular motion causing the product to foam
apply this stick to damp skin
then wash off gently in a circular motion
draw on damp skin
so much easier/less messy than exfoliators in pots
exfoliate then leave on for 10 mins
dry on my forehead
my pores were like cleaned out
let it sit on my skin for 10/15 minutes then rubbed into my skin while rinsing it off
the stick applicator makes it mess-free for application
it doesn't give me a deeep exfoliated clean
doesn’t leave my dry skin begging for a jar of cream
it drys out your skin
so you don't feel like you're scrubbing your face with walnut shells
makes my pores look smaller
tried it again last night thicker layer
it doesnt peel all at once.
make pores look smaller
it does dissipate after the product begins to dry
i put a pretty thick coat of it on
you have to put a thick layer on
i also love that this mask peels away all my dead dry skin
also my skin was left with zero pores
it removed the dead skin particle remains on my face
i really like this peel off mask.
my pores were much cleaner after
it is somewhat drying
just use a wet washcloth to wash it off
it peeled off in strips just like my other peel off mask
i found that it has a slight cooling effect until it dries
it dried very fast
peels off pretty easily
just leaves a little residue on the edges which can be cleaned with a makeup wipe
i've tried many pore masks
it hurts to peel off sometimes
apply a thick layer it should be fine
don't apply to that thin
when using you'll have to apply the product a little thicker than normal masks as it dries the peeling effect is easier if its thicker
the scent does fade away quickly upon drying.
it does dissipate within a few minutes
the mask goes on easily and peels off quite well.
my pores looked smaller
my eyes tear easily
it did noticeably tighten my pores.
makes your eyes water
it soaks into the skin
causes my pores to clog
my forehead is oily
my forehead is so dry
it gives enough moisture for my forehead to not look
it helps with dry skin
protects it from the sun
sinks into my skin
balanced out my oily
seems to have helped shrink the pores on my cheeks
it works for removing dirt
this toner does it all-it soothes
foams just don't work
your skin's acid mantle is disturbed
i saturate a cotton ball
gently clean all over my face
i see tons of dirt all over my cotton ball
cotton ball was clean
it cleans out my pores really well
i've got combination/oily skin
despite being a foam, it doesn't strip the skin.
i love how thick the foam is
plant extracts to really give your skin a good clean
it absorb into my skin so well.
the cleanser does leak through the pump area when the bottle is not upright
swamp water goes a long way
it is a foam that washes away makeup/dirt/sebum with ease
this cleans my skin
have combo to oily skin
this more gets the dirt
i love the foam.
it gently removes all dirts
the foam is very rich
i like the foam and it cleans my face well.
it goes on like a mud mask
my pores look smaller when makeup is applied
this will now deep clean and remove any oils.
park's beauty water with a cotton pad all over my face
cleansing with soft texture that removes make up efficiently without skin dryness
the foam is gentle
this face wash had the deep cleansing result without drying out my face
the texture of the foam feels thick
leaves my pores feeling cleaned
it doesn't strip my skin
since it's a foam pump
it cleans without stripping
gets rid of imperfections with its green tea extract
this bleached my skin
the foam dispenser works great.
the neogen lemon peel pads
my skin did not feel stripped/dried out after rinsing
pumped like 2-3 pumps of the neogen foam cleanser into my h
this is the opposite: it soothes while somehow managing to purify
soft without any tightness
i love mud masks
to my disappointment my pores still needed some decongesting
after rinsing the mask off
it gently exfoliates and removes dort from pores.
i've tried countless mud masks
clean after using this mask
never used a mud mask that leaves skin so soft
at least not mud masks
when i rinse it off
easy to remove with a wet towel
it is not necessary to layer it on thick
the primary purpose of mud/clay/charcoal masks is to provide a really deep cleanse which helps to reduce the appearance of pores
unlike the majority of other mud masks
one of the more gentle acids
nourishes deep into the skin
lots of moisture to stay smooth
the josie maran mud mask offers both.
rubbing it all over my face in small circles to gently exfoliate
doesn't irritate or crack skin
clay masks generally dry your skin out
you combo to oily skinned people
i usually used a damp cloth to wipe it off.
wiped off with a warm damp washcloth
then i use this product kateceuticals™ contouring eye serum in a dabbing motion with my ring finger
dry within the skin
around the orbital bone
it keeps my pores clean
i follow it up with the repairwear laser focus night line smoothing cream for combination oily to oily skin
this clay works and minimizes large pores.
my pores on my nose were way smaller
i want to try another charcoal pore mask from clinique first to compare
i found it cleaned my combination sensitive skin while sloughing the old skin off
i could literally see the mask draw out the oxidized dirt
oils from my pores
con's: for those with dryer skin
it instantly calmed down my oily skin
my t-zone gets oily and cheeks are dry.
i love how quick it absorbs into the skin
absorbs quickly into my skin
fourth, it dries matte!
absorbs really well without leaving the skin feeling greasy or sticky
it is light, absorbs well, feels cooling.
it goes on smooth and absorbs well.
i loved how it disappeared on my skin with no greasy residue or white film residue
this is light and absorbs well.
chin caused my combo skin to break out
it sinks into my skin
it absorbs really fast
it comes with an acrylic spatula.
disguised by the lid
i usually stir the product with the spatula
just use the amount of product on the spatula just by lifting it out of the jar
goes on easy absorbs quickly
when you add water it emulsifies into a slight lather
it removes even stubborn waterproof makeup instantly
rub in circular motions
then rinse with warm water
catch a little something with a q tip/cotton swab
in terms of minimizing the size of my pores
doesn't strip my skin
yet melts makeup away
just a gentle rub melts away liner
it really cleanses the skin deep down in the pores
one squirt for the whole face
rinses away so cleanly
holy guacamole this takes off make-up
it makes my eyes feel all gunky
this stuff melts your makeup off.
it even takes off waterproof
my pores became much smaller
deeply cleanses my skin
when applied to dry skin it literally melts makeup
impurities from the skin
then remove it with a warm wash cloth
then work small amounts of water to make into a milky emulsion
rinse or remove with sponges
i apply the oil straight to my fingers
i splash a little water onto my face which turns the oil into a milky substance
i generally just rub a palm full/ tablespoon or two of olive oil on my face before cleansing or wiping with a disposable wipe
it cleansed my face so well
i rinse my face first with warm water then add a pea size drop to my palms
rinse then do a final wipe with a wet face cloth
it turns into a milky liquid.
lightweight oil that dissolves
it gets a little milky once you add water
there is no oily residue
emulsify that this one is heaven
not greasy or oily
does not create a lather
mist my face then add the cleansing oil
it becomes a really nice milky wash
the dirt that's on your skin
i put a pump onto dry skin
splash a little water onto my face
keep rubbing until it is all washed off
it really gets deep down into my pores
also with just a cleansing mitt
slippy cleansing oil before
once you splash water into the mix it cleanses off cleanly
gentle wipe before opening your eyes
it spoils your skin 100%
still pulls off all of my makeup as well as deep cleanses my pores
it plumps my skin
absorbs quickly- evening out my combination skin
it sinks in the skin so nicely
that it comes in a jar
this moisturizer soaks right into the skin almost immediately on contact
it hydrates well without leaving you greasy.
needs a few moments to soak in
sinks into skin very fast without any greasy ness
i find this really smooths my skin
clear runny gel formula that is cooling to the skin
i only need one squirt of this
absorbs into skin quick
it is watery, but spreads well.
i just poured a bit in that indentation
then i used the sephora microsmooth baked face powder
immediately it refreshes the skin
using thicker creams under them makes my face feel smothered
4 i also like to use it over a thicker cream
-gently massage onto face and neck.
it soaks into the skin pretty quickly
then rub my fingers together
light weight and not greasy.
this product makes the dry patches disappear
then rub my fingers together
try patting it on with the palms for a nice face massage
t makes foundation stick like glue
this absorbs so nicely without leaving shine
this actually sinks into your skin
it will take the most stubborn liquid lips off
i just squirt a tiny amount on a towel
fast absorbing, stays matted for most of the am.
is to blot or block my pores
moisturizes without leaving a film or oily
my skin absorbed it quickly
moisture for the dry spots
mattifying for my oily spots
it does mattifying my skin without over drying.
so lightweight, absorbs immediately.
without the dry chalkiness some primers have
it sinks in so quickly
your skin is completely matte within seconds
a little goes a long way, dries fast.
i just put a thicker one underneath
the only downside is that it clogged my pores
as soon i applied this on my skin it mat tidied me
it absorbs so quickly
helps protect my face from the sun
keeps my skin in check
it melts into my face
it is not at all oily and soaks in very quickly.
i struggle to find everyday face sunscreen that doesn't clog my combination skin pores
this product absorbs quickly
it keeps his forehead from looking like an oil spill
it curbs any oiliness
it protects your face against the sun
without causing my skin to become irritated or oily
i only use pressed powder
like i was blotting my face
i feel like this only moisturizes the top layer of my face
every afternoon at work my forehead becomes so oily i have to pat it with tissues
my forehead no longer gets oily
it's great for oily skin and sun protection.
this absorbs right in leaving it super soft
still keeps moisture locked in
my pores are the same
it dries very quickly
it quickly absorbs into our skin for a nice smooth
in the summer keeps my oily skin matte
2 pumps on a cotton pad
i just use a couple oil blotting papers
pros: protects me from the sun.
it is untested for sweat
immediately it mattifies the skin
i get thick patches of flaking skin
(bonus: this tub will last forever!)
i dab a small amount of product on my cheekbones
brow bones just below brows
the center of my lids
i get tons of compliments on my skin.
this reminds me of hourglass veil primer.
not aggravatingpump onto a cotton ball or pad
it cleans my skin perfectly
literally melted everything off my eyes
not greasy or slippery
takes about 10 minutes to dissipate
reduced the size of pores
my pores look clear
it is so soothing, and cleared out my pores.
it cured my skin without drying it!
two drops absorbed immediately
love the way it absorbs quickly
my pores seem less likely to clog the next day
the tidal brightening water cream
i washed my face with the ceramic slip face wash
that scent dissipates pretty quickly
think my problem is probably more of clogged pores
salicylic acid tends to be super drying on my skin
how my skin just soaks it up
it purges the bacteria in your skin
t comes to the surface
was able to successfully extract the pimple after only using the oil once
oily skin that gets dry in patches
it hydrates my skin as well as clearing it up.
don't close the pores
my pores are also looking smaller
it also helped minimize my pores.
the oil absorbs quickly
it does smell like lawn clippings
it keeps breakouts at bay
it absorbs after about 10 minutes.
let it sit on your trouble spots for 15-20 minutes then dab off with a washcloth dipped in hot water
with consistently clogged pores
smoothing any remaining texture
plus the oil absorbs so quickly
it does absorb slowly into my skin
could be dragon blood or alien tears
my pores are smaller
subsequently helping reduce any texture on my nose
clumpy it makes my skin crawl
this face mask is awesome for sloughing away dull dead skin cells for a brighter
then i clean it off with a cotton pad
the other mask absorbs/works better
i apply a thin layer
didn't clog my pores
i noticed that it exfoliates my skin without the scratching
when removed with warm cloth
my skin is "peeled
it dries nicely after 10 minutes with a gentle tingle
it becomes a sticky film on the skin
it's like a thick gel with citrus chunks in it
powerfully exfoliated until my skin felt plumpy
with no abrasives to rough up my face
my pores were smaller
then rinsed with warm water
bits of fruit on your face
without adding excess oil to my naturally oily skin
once you rinse the mask off
remove with a washcloth or cotton pad
it spreads like jam
it comes out easily from my face cloths
this mask is sticky
because you only need a thin layer of this mask
also has a peeling effect
my large pores looked tighter
dry patches due to the cold
after i rinsed it off my skin had an instant glow
it has chunks of the fruit in it
except for charcoal or mud
immediately after washing it off my skin glows.
the fresh rose mask
it made my skin so smooth after rinsing it off
i washed it off with a washcloth and warm water.
my 55 year old pores appear smaller
it does feel like rubbing marmalade on my face.
sun block i was applying
applied the mask to my face/neck/chest
let it soak in with the steam for about 10/15 minutes before wiping off with a cool washcloth
this mask was not drying or stripped my face of moisture
as soon as i rinsed it off
it does not clog my pores while it hydrates
it even takes off mascara effortlessly
i don't notice it after the product absorbs into my skin
while a diamond dust mineral blend adds a soft luminescence when worn over the entire face or over makeup for highlighting
i assume its texture is from the diamond particles they leave some sparkle on your h
i start off by gently tapping a small amount underneath my eyes
have scrape off with my nails
just one pump foams up
including sunscreen that gets stuck in my pores otherwise
it's the pump/lid that makes it foam on its way out of bottle
i loved peeling it off.
my pores look a bit smaller
you need to apply a thick layer or it will be a pain in the rear to peel off
get all the nasties out of the pores
you have to lay it on quite thick otherwise it peels off in pieces
one of my favorite peel-off masks!
because any product with sake in it really smooths it out
i didn't apply too thick of the layer
it peels off easily
the black one does pull out more impurities
dead skin cells than this one
then add a thicker layer
it was easy to peel
used boscia's charcoal peel-off mask on my t-zone for my clogged pores
as it dries it tightens really well
this peels off easily
tingles as it drys
i love how firms my lids
it has sodium pca which helps retain moisture
absorbs quickly into the skin
it also claims to help chisel the contours of the face
the salty water really drys out that particular eye
it smooths on like a dream
sometimes before bed i'll put one layer on
this doesn't travel to my pores
dry out my skin
apply that foam to your face
gently massage this onto your skin
dryness everywhere at the same time/: i have enlarged pores
my enlarged pores feel clean
usually foam products break me out
my pores are less noticeable
a very good productit cleans your face gently
it has a very effective formula with tea tree that deep cleans
used with a foreo or favorite skin brush
i like how much it foams
my pores are also shrinking.
low for a wash that is gentle
it also absorbs quickly its more moisture then the belif aqua bomb i noticed
it does not clog my pores like other previous moisturizers i used in the past
it is super light and fast absorbing.
no sticky residue or shine left after applying.
it foams up lightly
it doesn't strip my skin
clears up my blemishes
use in the shower or the bathroom basin
dry from the desert
the magnetized lid that holds the spatula is very innovative
i apply it to slightly damp skin.
it quickly becomes creamy
warms up as you massage
30 minutes before easily rinsing it off
i feel like my pores are smaller
then when massaging it in
the mask becomes white
this mask is the bees knees!
i love that the lid is magnetic holding the metal spatula in place
the mask itself warms as you massage it into your face
it does seem to open the pores nicely
my skin is ready to be detoxified by my clay mask
softening the kp bumps
it warms up when applied.
the mask burns a little after a while
applied to skin in a circular motion
my pores were smaller too!
i like a feeling of warm while you massage this mask on your skin to transform into a cream
after mask i use a night balm by farmacy to calm my skin down
leave the balm on cheeks
this mask saves my skin every time
the warmth relaxes my pores open.
you have to massage in the mask to activate the heat
it's straight up heat/burn
at the same time helped clear some clogged pores on my chin
the pores look smaller
this mask soothes it like nothing else.
it reduces the swelling immediately
the redness dwindles to a pinkish tone
i love how it transforms from a sticky "orangey" product to a white cream on your skin
because the mask transforms into a cream
i love how it sticks to the lid
i usually go with clay/mud masks because hydrating masks sometimes break me out
this mask...this mask!!
when i rinse it off with warm water
i'll gently wipe it off with a hot towel
seemingly pore-less skin
my skin was like silk after i rinsed it off
it will just melt away
pat dry with a cloth
and so cute that spatula is magnetic to the cap!
i like the idea of rubbing it from the gel
spatula magnetically sticks to lid- impressive.
as well as drying out breakouts
the magnetic lid for the scoop tool to sit when not in use
this mask manages to add moisture to my skin
eyes creams absorb much faster the day after this mask
this mask dried them up
the way the spatula magnetically sticks to the lid
my skin is on the drier side
i love that it comes with a spatula
which is so much more hygienic than dipping fingers into the jar regularly
it has a slight tingle upon washing
it has no scent that i can detect washes off easily
it lathers on well
i love that it comes with a small spatula that can be magnetized to the lid
this mask turns white once it is rubbed onto the skin
it warms up right away
it warms as you massage it in
it didn't break me out of clog my pores
when i rinsed it off
especially the magnetic spatula
it just calms my skin.
a pea sized amount rubbed over my face turned into a warm
the masks warms just a tad
bringing all that gunk deep down my pores to the surface
without drying out from the salicylic acid
salicylic acid can be too drying
it effectively cleanses my skin
it is not foamy
prevent any dry patches
washing with it every day has dried out my skin to the point that some parts are flaking/peeling off
doesn't strip the skin
muslin cloth to remove my makeup
i reapplied it before bed
without drying out my skin
really dries up the pimple
the packaging says to apply a thin layer
it drastically reduces stubborn
this worked well to flatten out inflamed cystic spots
it rubs in really easily
decreasing the size of pores as well
this product is a little drying
the tube is so small
it also works nicely dabbing a little bit over makeup with your fingertips or with beauty blender sponge
use only a pinky size dab over your full visage if used as a primary
truly you only need a dab on the apples of cheeks
washes off easily without any oily residue
even gentle makeup wipes would irritate my skin a bit
you're going to wind up with a stained washcloth because the black mascara
is just wiped off with the washcloth.
removes my mascara with no residue
gentle but it really cleans.
finally an on the go cleansing milk you can tissue or cotton pad off
you can rinse with water too
3-4 pumps massage take your time the make-up melts off
massaging into my face
absorbs right into the skin
dry patches on my chin
my cheeks get very dry during the day to the point i carry moisture sprays to mist with
so dry it flaked
rubbed a small on my skin then i wet my fingers
rubbed the product into my skin
it plumps deep wrinkles
like dirt from the ground, dirt.
not greasy or oily.
not oily or heavy, sinks right into the skin.
rub a bit of water in to activate it
my skin is a hot mess of dryness
it plumps your skin
not oily greasy shine
massage into skin in a circular motion until absorbed
it's not a heavy emulsion
instantly plumps it up
and voila my skin is charged up with with water.
after a minute or two it absorbs into your skin nicely
skin is literally squeaky clean
how pure his pores felt because of the black pine
the pores on my nose are the test
sulfates to be very drying on my skin
cleans great without stripping skin of oils.
it lathers up nicely.
skin cells just rinse away
yet it strips all the oils
this product really removes dirt
even my lip tint easily
even the tissue around the magnet could not keep product away from it
when you don't wrap the magnet properly the mask gets on the magnet
then i remove with a magnet
fully massage the serum left over onto my face
this product goes on looking like any charcoal mask--thick
what is left to rub into the skin is a slightly oily residue
i did learn to double wrap the magnet with tissue
feel the moisture goodness seeping into your pores
remove using the magnet in a double wrapped tissue
rub it in again
get an even layer
the magnet literally pulls the mineral based mask from your skin-- sounds creepy
putting the mask on with the little trowel is a bit tricky
the feeling of the magnet pulling impurities out of your pores is amazing
plus, no pore clogging!
my pores were visibly reduced
which usually would look cakey/dry around the cheeks
it does leave an oily residue
they include the spatula to help smooth product into skin
the mask leaves a light oily residue to rub in your skin
this mask leaves behind a nice serum that you can massage into your skin after
the benefits of the mask is not pulling out impurities from your pores unfortunately from a magnetic
the serum it leaves behind does wonders for your skin
rubbing the leftover oils in i noticed the benefits
finally we put the magnet into a plastic baggie
the amazing veil of moisture this magnetight age-defier leaves on my skin when its removed
i agree to use a paper towel instead of a tissue because the tissue isn't strong enough
i'd recommend using strong paper towel instead of tissue the magnet is so strong that it may rip though tissue
would a magnetic mask really work?
i struggled applying a thin layer with the spatula that was included with the deluxe sample
i love massaging the left overs into my skin
it smooths out textures
in cleansed skin you'll out a thin layer all over
i only have to use 1 tissue
the serum from the mask makes skin feel like baby bottom silk
it is so cool removing the mask with the magnet
i used two cotton pads
the mask magically comes off with the magnet.
just rubbed the residual oil in a bit
the mask doesn't dry
the magnet actually pulls the mask off your face
using a magnet to draw out the impurities
it leaves a light serum to rub into your face
gets oily as the day progresses
i found the spatula a little awkward to use
i ditched the tissue after a few swipes
i wiped the magnet off when the mask buildup became cumbersome
use the tissue paper wrapped around the metal :
i used a very thin layer !
then removed with a tissue
then wrapped the magnet with a tissue
removal with the magnet i massaged the left oil/ serum like residue onto my skin
my big tip is to use a soft cotton wipe instead of a tissue over the magnet to remove
the look of my pores seemingly overnight
goes on like a dream with the spatula
not to mention my pores looked slightly cleaner after
have drawers full of masks
this mask claims to tighten
i didn't need to scrub it off with a face cloth
this masks is the bees knees!
apply a light layer on skin
use the magnet inside of a tissue to remove
it leaves behind a residue that you moisturize into your skin
the residue of the mask actually leaves my skin so smooth
i used a foundation brush to apply
then smoothed it out with the spatula
the first time i just used the spatula
had a hard time applying the mask evenly
you just glop it on thick!
not messy at all as it peels off quite nicely
my pores were visibily smaller.
my pores have disappeared.
my pores are almost unnoticeable now.
i wouldn't describe it as a serum as it absorbs extremely quickly
salicylic didn't unclog my congested skin
it faded once it dried
my pores are smaller
murad is wiping out my wrinkles
effectively cleans but doesn't dry the skin.
wakes my skin up
i enjoy the glass bottle pump
it removes all traces of dirt without stripping my face
leaves my skin a little bit glowy after i've dried off
the glass bottle is a bit much
the bubbles get in my nose
it cleans really well
it cleans everything off
you only need about a half pump massaged into skin
foamed with cool water
some how effectively cleanses
also maintaining the moisture barrier on my skin
light, refreshing, non drying.
since it cleans my skin
great product, keeps my skin gyrated and clean!
after washing my face my pores are less visible.
it doesn't dry out my skin as well as leave a protected layer after i rinsed it
cleans my skin without being drying
the pump doesn't lock
it is only slightly foamy
a small amount cleansed my face thoroughly
i used a nice cloth
the foam is very light
i love that it is in a glass bottle rather than plastic
products that foam up will strip my skin
my cheeks are as dry as the salt flats
doesn't strip my skin
the cream has the perfect amount of moisture for my combination skin
doesn't strip my skin
oily skin have been more controlled
it cleanses my skin without drying it out.
clean without over drying
it lathers really easily
it has a gentle lather that cleans without stripping
bubbles that mimic h
before using this i had very large pores
s to work it up to a slightly foamy consistency
it doesn't foam up much
disposes the use of toxic synthetics is great
when applying to the skin
it lathers up fairly well
is that it comes in a glass bottle
there is no left over soap gunk
soft after each wash
it foams up great
has helped with the sizing of my pores over time
it also clears up my blemishes
no oiliness on my nose at all
cleansed without being dried out
the bottle is made of glass.
the pump is plastic however.
it says on the box it has "cold pressed extracts"
it does foam up slightly (has no sulfates).
most of them have dimethicone or some form of dimethicone which clogs my pores
only greasy in 90 degree heat / humidity around my nose
i find that is absorbs quickly
flaking on my skin
was for dry yet oily skin with big pores
it's like a whipped cream/gel type of texture.
it absorbed quickly yet providing enough moisture
it dries down soft
it comes with a little spatula which i sometimes use to apply it to help avoid bacteria production in the jar
along with a few drops of facial oil mixed into my serum
at night for extra moisture
love how it comes with a little spoon.
you're rubbing salad on your face
it sinks right into skin
oily in the summer
it hydrates just enough without feeling weighted down
after application, my face feels fresh and moist.
it absorbs pretty quick
sinks right into the skin
have dry combination skin
the product sinks in nicely
not greasy or filmy
this product sinks right in
it soaked into my skin right away
it absorbs really fast
it absorbs really quickly
it melts into my skin
it doesn't clump or pill under my foundation
light-weight and absorbs quickly.
the cream soaks into the skin with no oily residue
this product melts right in
my pores so small
this basically melts into your skin like
sticky or heavy on the skin
it melts into my skin and absorbs quickly.
moisturizes nicely and absorbs quickly.
i find it absorbs well
this still really absorbs into your skin
i love that it came with a spatula to help keep the cream from becoming contaminated
under my sun protection.
sinks in the skin fast
flaky on the surface--
sinks into the skin quickly
this dries quickly once applied to the skin
apply a spray on toner well so my face is a little wet
the moisture of the toner helps this spread evenly
damp skin helps it glide on better
i love how quickly it absorbs
if the eyeshadow gets fallout
btw my skin has a lot of clogged pores
silky serum that absorbs quickly
it absorbs really fast.
doesn't conceal, rather diminishes the red.
like cover fx's liquid foundation
didn't accentuate my pores
or with a foundation sponge
open capillaries under my eyes
i applied it with a small foundation brush
no red is getting through this thick heavenly paste
the other half with my super goop cc cream underneath
it even covered a mild sun burn.
t pores no more primer
covers my broken capillaries
which can lead to your makeup caking
also smoothes the face
using this with a synthetic brush
light stippling motions works best
it sort of rubbed the product off
i've tried l'oréal color correcting primer
not cakey or thick
this doesn't cling to dry patches or sink into fine lines
with a thin layer it covers up my redness perfectly
use just a thin layer under my foundation
i sometimes just top it off with byebye pores pressed powder
i apply this with a foundation brush
finish it off with bye bye pores
which becomes a problem when it's time to contour
possibly a denser brush while applying
i typically then dust bare minerals power foundation over it or use estée lauder foundation for nights out
i usually put a thin layer of foundation
this gives me a blank canvas that evens out my skin
it doesn't crease at all
then dab this is on
dip the bristles in the product
then swirl the brush in the cap to evenly distri
the pink in my skin comes out even stronger when i apply/rub/stipple/blot my face
or dabbed onto spots with a beauty blender
the smallest dab of this cream
it makes the redness completely disappear with a light layer
stipple it on with a stippling brush
it also works great around/over the lips before lipstick/gloss
bye bye redness is beige in color out of the jar
it comes in a small jar
follow with a light dusting of powder on my face
i apply heavily all over my face them dab with a stipling motion using a dry it cosmetics brush to smooth out
i follow with a light dusting of setting powder such as bye bye pores or whatever i have nearby using a huge fluffy brush
while this cream is thick
absorbs smoothly into the skin
it minimizes the fine lines.
glides on smooth sinks in
it's more of a watered down cream
do use the tiniest little pea rubbed into your face
wiped it off with a warm washcloth
it has a waxy texture that softens as it comes in contact with the skin
it washes off easily
let it melt into your skin for a minute
or use a wet cloth
while rubbing it in
after removing contact lenses
really melts away the day
you do need to rub it gently in your lashes a bit
then rinse it off
still removes the most stubborn water proof mascara
my eyes irritate easily
removes every trace of makeup effortlessly
cuts through all waterproof makeup quickly
wait a minute for product to work through layers
it smells like melted crayons which i don't like
it will take off any dark liquid lipstick.
this light yet cushiony cleanser can be left of the skin for a bit to soften skin or simply washed off after massaging away makeup
it's a rich balm that melts into a silky oil
finally to a milky emulsion once you add water
rinses clean, with no residue left on the skin.
i massage onto face
have a plastic spoon i use to scoop it out
i don't just rinse this off i use a washrag to remove it
rub on a dry face
the make up starts melting off
wipe it off with a damp cloth
it also has a serum in it that goes to the deeper layers of the skin that cleansers
i need to use a wash cloth or muslin cloth to remove the excess
need something that'll cleanse my pores
the bye bye makeup cleanser melts onto the skin
as a bonus it has made the pores
it melts almost instantly
it almost feels waxy
in just a moment it liquefies
soft cotton wash cloth
even eye makeup melts away
it cleanses your face
i normally don't like melting balms
cleans your pores like nobody's business
they drip all over
it literally melted my makeup away
as i massaged it into my skin
i rubbed it gently on my eyelashes to remove my mascara
it also doesn't strip your skin of moisture like it claims
it leaves your skin dry
took off my 2 coats of liquid lipstick with no problem as well
it instantly melts away even the harshest of makeup
this stuff melts it away right away
this smooth balm relaxes the mascara
spread a thin layer all over your face
use your favorite face wipe to remove or washcloth
rub all over your face
then it all just wipes off with a wash cloth
it rinses away completely clean
my makeup literally melts off
gently massaging it in well
continue massaging my face
the balm turns milky at this point.
massaging until all of the product has been rinsed away
melts right away with the warmth of your skin
remove with my damp makeup eraser
this product melts down into an oil quickly when in contact with the warmth from my skin
easily melts when you scoop it out in your h
then milky when water is added
relaxing texture to rub into your face.
it smooths everything out nicely
provides a soft canvas for applying it cc cream or any other foundation
filled in all my pores
mattifying primer under the sun
it absolutely blurs my pores
after my makeup i use the bye bye pores setting powder
it smoothens my skins
it doesn't make my pores completely disappear
it also blurs my pores incredibly well.
it hydrates without leaving my face oily at the same time
didn't cling on to dry patches
it makes my pores disappear
my skin smoothes over
reduces the appearance of pores
minimizes pores and smooths combo/dry skin.
i both have larger pores
it smoothes over pores make up on top looks great
blends into the skin a clear
hides pores better than tarte
reminds me of the hourglass primer
this itcosmetics eye cream soothes my underyes
thus causing my eyelashes to stick together
it sinks into my skin amazingly
thick i will only use a very tiny dab
this seeps into my skin in 10 minutes.
who usually only washes his face at bedtime
it hydrates my under eye area so well.
this cream revives my face
instantly plumps the skin.
large pores so sometimes im scrubbing my face to make sure my pores are clean
i used it on lid too
this eye cream really sinks in
using this eye cream helped minimize the bumps.
it soaked in immediately
the only minor negative is that i feel the cream melts really fast onto skin
it's thick in the jar, but once applied, melts.
(at $80 a small bottle to boot!)
int soaks in quickly and isn't greasy.
it literally smooths out the skin
it was like an eraser.
my nose would be oily
melts as you rub
takes some time to seep into your skin
it absorbs into the skin
normal with oily nose
it minimizes my pores and controls my oils.
suffocating on my skin
it absorbs quickly into my skin
my pores are smaller
the scent goes away as it dries
you take a sip of water
the formula melts when my fingers touch it within the jar
it really smooths your skin
this stuff melts right into your skin!
you can use two dabs on your fingers
i washed my face
i love how this product soaks into my skin quickly
because it soaks in so well
the formula is thick
it goes on thick absorbs quickly
the cream is rich and absorbs quickly.
instantly sinks into your skin.
its like a quench of moisture for your skin
once it absorbs into your skin it's weightless
the absorption is amazing without being greasy!
even with oily skin.
it takes awhile to absorb
absorbs nicely into my skin fairly quickly
after a while my pores looked smaller
i normally just apply a light layer before bed.
no more razor burn!
then slowly rubbing it into my lower cheeks/nose
it has helped heel the skin.
it keeps the moisture in my skin.
it helps with the dry patches on my skin
reduced the irritation from my dry cracked cheeks
the texture when it's cold is thick
warm the mixture on the top of my h
warming this cream up definitely helps it absorb.
if you drape a warm damp face cloth over
dry patches on my nose
make sure you rub it with clean fingers gently on to the skin
had to use medical tape to hold drip pads under my nose
heals those as well
keeps my skin firm
razor burn on his face
it clams it immediately
i put a dab on my nose
that gave me itchy red burning super dry eye lids
that did not burn my already dry delicate eye lids
doesn't clog my pores or break me out
flaking or peeling skin since i started using it
totally cleared up the flakiness
this cream has worked wonders to help heal dry cracked
without all the heaviness
it sits beautifully underneath my sunscreen
i get easily clogged pores
when spread onto the skin it sinks in fairly quickly
peels until summer is back
flake around my nose
it did not clog my pores at all
its claims that it calms inflamed skin are right on the money
even the thickest creams don't help long term.
immediately soothes dry patches
i think it helps my pores too!
it calms my red skin
this is an oily appearing yellow thick cream.
-silicone fee -no greasy residue -packaged in a tube this product is very tick
it's like applying ointment to your face without the grease
from two days of exfoliating my dry flakes off
inner dry oily skin
cream absorbed to skin pretty quickly
absorbs quickly into my skin
sinks in quickly while leaving a supple finish
it plumps my lips and is pretty moisture going.
i don't find that it clogs my pores at all
even just straight oils
or left my skin oily
this soaked right into my skin
it still absorbs quickly
not sticky or goopy
it heals my irritation
my skin is on the dryer side
it gets splotchy after lots of sweating/humidity
permanently flushed skin for years now
the treatment is a very thick paste with a mask-like texture
no more melty foundation clogging my pores
this product completely turns beige upon contact with skin
sweat in the southern sun :
all i need after is a light dust of matte face powder
oily skin that gets red easily
your pores are blurred
evens out your skin immediately
normally my face will get flushed due to exertion
cheeks it becomes painful
it evens my skin out completely
the green pigment counteracts the redness around my nose
i apply a light layer
totally corrects my skin
see no breakouts from clogged pores
is that it clings to dry patches
this smooths the skin
it completely hides mine
as long as i spread it out it does not clog my pores
a little dab of this stuff over serum cuts out the red
i just use a light layer
this tends to clump up around hair follicles
soothe my red skin
seeing how my skin reacts
actually dries out my skin
it covers, soothes and blends very well.
the greenish cream transforms in yellow
some loose powder on top
i just brushed some loose powder
the cream is thick
you have to rub it through your fingers
it dissolves my waterproof mascara
eyebrow gel completely without it smudging
after you use this use the charcoal mask with it
it does melt away your makeup within seconds
some reviews said it leaves a residue
the contents seemed to have oxidized
rinses off so easily
it doesn't clog pores
the mascara is gone super easily without killing my lashes
it melted it away !!!
melts of even the most stubborn mascara
it washes of very clean
i start with two peas sized dollops on my index fingers
massage them into my eyes
slowly add water to turn it into a milky cleanser
just follow up with some micellar water on a cotton pad
a cool smooth gel like texture that turns to an oil cleansing wash
run it over again to work it into a milky cleaner
i just run the washcloth through them
it literally melted it off.
it really melts my makeup.
converts to a cleanser once water hits it
using a circular motion with your fingertips
adding water to make it milky
i love that when it gets wet it turns into a milky cleanser
after rinsing my face was smooth
wipe it off with a washcloth
it's like a gel that you just rub onto your makeup then rinse off
this melts the thickest driest mascaras right off
dark "stay put" lipstick, dissolved.
my makeup melts off in seconds
it literally melts the mascara off without having to scrub my eyes
this takes off my layers of chanel mascara with ease
washes off easily with warm water
the consistency is goopy on your face
you need to rub it in a circular motion for 1 to 2 minutes then slowly add water to your face while rubbing it like a face wash at that point
then you rinse it off
splashes mascara which is impossible to remove
you need separated eye remover
however once you add a little water to emulsify it
it washed away cleanly
it took my lash glue off....
not clog my pores
this product melted away my make instantly.
the balm effectively counteracts it
its nice that there is a spatula included
i rubbed it on
i followed up with a warm water rinse
my skin is squeaky clean
the charcoal really helps with my clogged pores
i used this melt away
leaves my face soft after rinsing off .
wipe with a warm washcloth flannel
liquid lip stick etc
rub it into my skin
you rub into skin
then introduce water onto face which creates a milky wash
after that i just rinse off with warm water
the beautiful milky cleanser it becomes when you add water to it
then rinsed it off
patted my face dry
this melts away makeup
didn't quite make the grade: foundation residues
balmy without leaving a greasy residue.
it melted the thick red foundation makeup covered in a mixture of matte eyeshadow
it even removed dried liquid latex.
it goes from a solid to a smoothable oil gel texture easily
make up is removed without a greasy residue
match it up with their pore pudding- for a weekly treat
even my waterproof liner
cleansed my skin in one easy step
i used two pumps directly on my wet cleansed face which made the solution milk white
or i can mix a few pumps into a bowl of warm water
milky when it's wet on your face
i promise it dries clear
patted all over a wet face after a shower
that fades as it dries
try splashing directly from bottle onto face
i just got a chemical peel
my skin sloughing off
3-4 sprays of rose water into my h
i wash my face after brushing my teeth
tap it into my wet skin
it dries quite quickly to my surprise
pat gently all over face
it instantly rehydrates my dry skin!
one pump patted onto soaking wet skin
s to dry my face faster
after it dries i dry off my body.
i used it with 2 drops
my skin gets super dry after a chemical peel
this mask is less greasy, more easily to absorb.
it goes into the skin quickly
it instantly plumps the skin
smooths out fine lines under my eyes
doesn't leave a greasy residue
most face cream leave a residue
it comes with a spatula
provides hydration without clogging my pores
i get clogged pores easily
greasy skin throughout the day
smooth on some oil free smash box primer.
follow w liquid foundation and a blender ball.
face lifting soft cream
melts right into the skin
my skin used to be combo/oily
so dry to where my foundation is caking on to my dry patches
slightly oily without being greasy
made without synthetic stuff
didn't clog my pores
it helps with my dry patches
the best natural cream in the market to reduce pores
with this pore-refining moisture veil i have finally found my holy grail
this refining moisture veil is multi-use.
the cream is light and melts into the skin.
has literally shrunk my pores
then this cream to seal in the moisture at night
helps my chapped lips as well.
new fave skin care product for intense moisture over winter months
i add two small spatulas of this with some of my new grape seed oil
i also use the melt balm as a trmt at night
highly reactive dry skin
especially when used with the copper roller
or contained too much silicone
it absorbs better in dryer climates
it really does conceal your pores.
it really helps conceal the pores- which i have massive pores-
this product somehow shrinks them
it minimizes my pores thats why i love it
my skin absorbed it so well.
it quickly absorbs into my skin
my pores are visibly smaller
does not absorb quickly
still have had clogged pores
it hydrates without clogging my pores
i love this moisture veil.
this cream has definitely minimized bumpiness
this balm makes my pimples easy to extract
this creme calms my irritated
i scoop just enough to cover the little spatula it comes with
that scoop covers my entire face
usually my skin is oilier than the gulf
sometimes it gets full-blown flakey from the peels
the moisture lasts until morning
and my skin soaks it right now.
the niloteca melt hydrates these areas immediately
literally melts into my skin like
alternating with some of the overnight peels
i even rubbed the leftover balm of my nails
i love my nilotica melt!
it heals dry patches within a couple of hours
it nourishes enough that it stands on its own!
the melt goes on instantly smooth
spreads over your face effortlessly
melt is a true balm-to-oil meaning it does not soak into the skin quickly
then it melts in your h
pores definitely look smaller, too.
it really does melt with your body heat
it melts really nicely into a smooth balm
also great for dry lips.
it will melt your hearts!
i slathered my face today
it's not watery or thin
warm between fingers to soften before applying.
it's like pure honey or olive oil in that it hardens when cold
it just melts on my skin
the balm just melts once it hits warm skin so a little goes a long way
your dollar not only heals you skin
my skin dries out several hours after applying serum
my moisture cream fades
it comes with an elegant spatula to help keep it free from contamination
i massaged it over my face
applying the melt nightly kept the moisture in my skin
t didn't peel or freckle like it normally does
the jar of the balm lasts forever
could lather all over my body daily
it protects my skin in the dry air
this melt has created a soothing
my tear troughs are fuller
creasing under my eyes
this eye cream is very quickly absorbed into skin
first thing i love about this is the cooling tip applicator
soaks in very well
the metal tipped applicator helps the product glide on like a soothing dream
i took it up to my brow bone
the applicator tip is cooling while applying just the right amount of product
it melts into your lips
i applied the leftover cream onto my face
it revives my skin instantly.
i apply thin layers.
it absorbs so fast
it is drying even for my oilier skin
my skin is either firming or it's a drying sensation
doesn't linger on the skin
i'll stick with ole henrikson counter balance oil control hydrator
it absorbs fairly quick
good at removing dirt
follow with the foam moist
dissolves in plain water
after rinsing, i don't feel any oily traces.
no rubbing is required
several cue tips with removal water
two cue tips to check any last residues
i used 2 pumps on dry skin
turns into a milk when wet
have combination to oily skin
it cleanses great and removes all my make up.
it sinks in so fast
need to use products that don't clog my pores
brow area will stay very oily
forehead get very dry
still with the same gentle formula as the moisture line
this doesn't clog the pores
it also draws out anything clogging my pores.
i could literally see the gunk from the pimple pulled out
it leaves the perfect amount of moisture on my skin
the best part of this is that you can visibly see the gunk being extracted from your pores as the mask dries
the mask applies as a greenish grey
presumably gunk from pores
i've tried numerous clay masks
what this mask does is clear out all the gunk in your pores
i've noticed black spots on the masks when it dries
i think it's the gunk in my pores that have brought to the surface
it extracted tons of gunk from my pores without making me feel stripped or dry
oily pores on my nose
rinses off beautifully without leaving behind any kind of oily residue
gently exfoliates without over-doing it
i apply that mask in the lagoon waters.
dry cheeks with an oily t-zone
it goes on thick
it absorbed nicely into the skin
then i use laniege firming gel mask to seal the cream over night
i found it worked best when gently massaging the face with 3-4 pumps of this for 15-20 seconds
if you spend the 15-20 seconds to gently massage it off
the way the cleansing oil melts everything off your face is amazing
wich it between two thin pieces of cotton pad
the cleansing oil rinses away without a residue
upon adding water it makes a milky emulsion
dry flakes in parts of my skin
it's so gentle because the powder turns into foam when mixed with water
i prefer that over abrasive exfoliators which can harm your skin
the packaging of the powder makes it a breeze to pour out the perfect amount of product
the oil / power combo literally melts my makeup away
the powder is also deep cleansing without being drying
this cleansing oil melts off the make-up
it then rinses off clean
the oil actually does become milky once warm water touches it
i like that it rinses off easily
now, onto the milled rice exfoliate.
put 1/2 tsp into palm
it cleans fairly well
drying for your skin
the coconut melt over it
long lasting lip stains
just drop a bit on a cotton swab
it wipes off so easily
a thin wrinkle going horizontally on my forehead
it doesn't clog my pores.
the cream is so thick
it fully absorbs into your skin
your skins drinks it up
leaves your skin grease free
it absorbs so quickly
it warms up with your skin heat
absorbs on its own
the packet doesn't reseal
it will absorb into skin.
it soaks deep into the skin
the dry patch was healed
it is a thick texture but rubs in easily.
replenishes my skin with moisture
i put on a thick layer
it is easily massaged into the face
bleeding skin on my nostrils
i normally have a problem with intense moisturizers clogging my pores or causing oiliness
rub them together to warm up
it doesn't clog pores or make me greasy
love how it absorbs into my skin
it was clogging my pores
really locks moisture in
i smother my skin in this during the cold
it locks them in
even when i wake up my skin is still supple with no clogged pores
s get plugged by you're eye lashes
my face started to flake
the cream is absorbed quickly
my pores are much clearer
impurities from my skin
it pairs well with the sea mud cleansing bar.
dry patches on my cheeks
rinses off very clean
melts my make up away
gently cleans my skin without stripping it
it takes a while to rinse off completely
it basically almost removed the blackheads that keep reappearing
the sea mud soap is an erno lazlo icon
it really minimized my pores
it cleans your skin very well.
my pores appear smaller
this product came with a cleansing oil that contains charcoal which draws out impurities
dirt out of the skin
the bar foams up nicely
improved my skin while locking in the moisture
the cleansing oil is a thick gel-like consistency
doesn't leave skin oily!
it really lather up nicely
didn't lather enough with my fingers
this product works amazingly at unclogging pores
it foams up to a good lather.
charcoal is known for pulling out impurities from the skin
rubbing it into the skin for a couple of minutes
it cleansed really well
makes my pores much smaller
this product came with a cleansing oil that contains charcoal which draws out impurities
dirt out of the skin
the bar foams up nicely
use your fingertips to gently massage in circular motions in upwards motions
after rinsing it off with warm water
the bar does drip 'black/gray'
which also allows the soap to dry nicely
without leaving it mushy
they have sea mud
eliminated my dry skin
my pores are clearer
this really cleansed my pores
grapeseed blend is the perfect combination to gently dislodge impurities as it soothes
it has left some stains on my white washcloths
it is awesome at pulling out impurities
my pores look great
i rub the wet bar around my face to lather up
bar will strip the skin of all impurities
it isn't over drying to my skin
the black soap really seemed to help clear out my pores
so my face dries out easily
the oil really feels like it draws out the impurities on your face
gently removing all of the gunk out of my pours.
it leaves your skin clean without drying it out.
ultimately leaves my skin
the cleansing bar really cleaned my skin without drying it out
apply on dry skin
lather the bar with warm water
once you rinse your face
there is no oily residue
helps your skin is free of grease
impurities from the day
my pores appear smaller
leave the sea mud deep soap on your face
my pores do appear smaller immediately after use
reduces the appearance of my pores
really clean your pores without drying your face out
the bar is a little drying
the plastic case holds both pieces with a place for the soap to dry
it lightly lathers up
washes away all impurities
it cleaned my pores out
as a sufferer of dry sky
perhaps the product needs a portioning nozzle.
bar combo that nourishes my dry skin in the winter with essential moisture
was with the sea mud bar
it really helped to lock in moisture
grime on my face
it works great at removing the residue from the oil
rub it on your face
the bar washes it right away
lather it all over my face
my skin is clean without drying
in fact i see less pores
not only did this product not clog my pores
it cleansed my skin thoroughly
i wash it away
it doesn't turn milky or foamy upon contact with water
delivers moisture without making me oily
melt of my face then the bar of soap removes all traces of it
i like to run the bar of soap onto my pulsating brush
the bar get a great lather
it lathers real well and rinses off easily.
glowing not greasy within one application
the bar deep cleans my face
the oil leaves my skin feeling smooth while it empties out my pores
once i rinse the duo off my face
my pores feel cleaner
you have to unscrew the cap
a dropper/pour spout would make it a 5 star!
it lathers up so nicely
any dirt hiding in the pores
once i add in the cleansing bar it lathers up so nicely
the bar does not strip moisture from the skin
the oil is awesome it cleans without drying
hydrates without leaving any residues
without drying it out
the oil isn't an oily oil
any dirt hiding in those pores
once you add in the cleansing bar it lathers up so nicely
after using it my skin felt like it had a protective layer with moisture in it
the cleansing oil gently breaks down all of my makeup
rubbing it into my skin
massaged it onto my face
rubbing with my fingertips
i naturally have oily combination skin
it took my water proof mascara of with ease.
yet effectively cleaned my skin
cleanses everything off nicely
i mean all even lash glue
smoother thran before after washing it with it
it melts away makeup so easily
i never oil cleansed
grime without stripping my face
it is amazing how well it removes dirt from my face is like no other cleaner moisturizes me
it melts away even waterproof mascara in no time.
the bar mixed with water builds up a nice lather
'm always worried oils will clog my pores
my test is to take a cotton pad with toner
then rubbing my face
double cleansing method is a vital way to remove dirt
massaged into the skin first
after rinsing it off with warm water my face was clean
it lever your skin so soft
vanishes immediarely while the soap is a very mild
the liquid sometimes leaks
any dirt from the day then i gently rubed my face with the wet bar of soap
then i rinsed my face with the cool water.
spills everywhere as is
plus remove oily residue
while it cleanses impurities to perfection
the lather forms a rich
irritated skin while breaking away dirt
when you take out the black compartment
flip it upside down it turns into a tabletop soap try to dry off the soap after cleansing
rubbing the bar directly on my face didn't produce much lather
the beautifully designed plastic
the soap side of the container has air holes or drainage holes so the soap doesn't get gross
it cleanses without drying my skin out
it can leak through the side
then adding the bar washes everything clean.
it balances my combo skin and doesn't strip it.
it's soothes and clears my skin.
applying oil to dry skin
then rubbing the damp bar right over without rinsing the oil
it evens out my oily/dry skin
i applied the oil to my face using a cotton pad.
it cleans my skin thoroughly without over-drying.
the soap instantaneously made my skin so squeaky clean
the oil cleaner penetrates into the pores to unclog all those black heads you've struggled to get rid of
this product cleans my skin so well.
the little bits of grains/ leaves provides a soft exfoliation
mix well before applying on face with a spatula
the removal process is quite easy for me with a bamboo wash cloth
there's quite a bit of grainy particles
the mask gives my skin a plumping effect instantly
my pores look blurred
rinsing off took a bit of time.
i'd give 5 stars if the product was a finer powder
it doesn't absorb well
i seasonally get severe dryness on my eye lids
absorbs into skin so well
it absorbed so quickly
this moisturizer absorbs into your skin within a min
it just melts into your skin.
is reduce bags under the eyes
absorbs so well into the skin
hydrates, plumps, firms and lifts... love it
is not at all foamy
the smell goes away once you rinse it off.
cleanse leaves my skin soft
at first it started peeling my skin like after it would a chemical peel
addition of belif night cream the peeling stopped
it applies easily and absorbs almost instantly.
i like the glass dropper it comes with too
i love how fast it absorbs
your face absorbs it really fast
it absorbs very quickly
it absorbs quite quick
from about my brow bone to middle of the lid
my skin reacts well to it
usually products with this thicker consistency end up clogging my pores
it is a savior for dry skin!
ps... did not clog my pores.
didn't get a burning sensation
also treated my very dry elbows, scratches etc.
everything burns when i try to soothe it
i also love to use it as a lip balm or when i get dry patches on my eyelids
stop some of the flaking
i find that it absorbs quickly
it totally absorbs in about 5 minutes
scaly if i'm swimming/in chlorine a lot
as if hs had lifted or loosened dry skin a layer deeper
i seem to have had a rough few months insofar as accidental burns go--i burned my forearm loading wood into the woodstove
then i burned my finger on a soldering iron
sensitive skin often peels
s from drying out
while it's initially a little greasy it soaks in relatively quickly
i've had problems with picking at the sebaceous filaments
which damages the top layers of the skin
causing it to dry out
i also use it on my cuticles
it melts in right away and takes care of it!
ashy skin where there's patches of dry skin
normally when my skin gets this dry it soaks up product within minutes
applied this stuff on my nose at bedtime
one step up from vaseline.
doesn't work that well on dry elbows or feet.
that way it absorbs throughout the night
rub it into dry spots
if you massage a small amount into the skin it absorbs well
i noticed it made my pores shrink
its thick like an ointment
when you mix it with other textures it sinks in more quickly
as in my hair sticks to it if my hair so much as brushes my h
my hands soaked it right up.
smeared this onto my face
i put 2 pea-sized amounts of this between my palms
heals faster every time i apply it
heal my skin faster
the moisture stuck to my skin like glue
more than a thin layer that can be massaged into the skin
one thing that i don't love is the white paint that peels off the outside of the metal tube
surely farmacy can redesign their tube without peeling paint
it instantly sinks into your skin
stickiness left by the salve
gets the balm everywhere
really speeds up healing time
it doesn't seem to clog my pores
it is the best thing to keep my nose from peeling because of tissue use
it left my lips dry
last night i dabbed this on my lips
bleeds most of the winter
age on it that they put on incisions
it mixes to a nice foam, and applies well.
this mask has a foaming effect as it activates on the skin
it leaves the skin soft without drying.
the mask dries down
has tea chunks in it
then rinsed it off
a little dollop mixed into primer for all over glow or dabs to highlight
no breakouts, just the right amount of shimmer.
if you use a liquid foundation with a damp sponge
i love just putting a dab on my cheek bones
once that has soaked in
doesn't leave a grease slick by midday
it helps combat oiliness
the one that comes in the naked flushed palette
hydrates my skin without being heavy or greasy.
which doesn't prevent flakes
i dab it on my cheeks
it only leaves a sheen on your face
ntensely dries out after i wash my face
or excess oiliness later in the day
or melting throughout the day
it gets rid of my fine lines while also absorbing cleanly
i let it sit for a bit then it smooths my skin well to apply corrector then concealer
wakes up with super puffy
it lowers my puffiness a lot
it also smooths out my skin really well
prevents my concealer from creasing
is a dense cream that when applied it fills the imperfections
melts into the skin for an immediate softening effect
helped keep my concealer in place without settling into the creases
tiny tube of almost no product by influenster
it sinks into my skin so beautifully
not oily or sticky
it dries really quick
doesn't have a sticky texture
it absorbs quickly and doesnt leave any residue.
sinks into the skin
made my concealer go on seamlessly without creasing
creasing under eye makeup
it smoothes out easily
absorbs pretty fast with no residue left after drying
it does help soften fine lines
it absorbs very fast
i loved this product for an extra added moisture layer
it also absorbs very quickly
nourishes the skin around my eyes
it simply glides over the skin
concealer no longer settles into the lines
it absorbs quickly that's my favorite part
more gel like than the original jelly pack
once applied it feels sticky just like the original jelly pack
ive been using a glycolic moisturizer so layering 4 pumps of this on top really helps lessen the drying affect
absorbs right into the skin without leaving a sticky greasy residue behind
make up blends evenly
it absorbs quickly into the skin
it's has a really gooey consistency like elmers glue
it takes a minute for the product to absorb into my skin
without layering on top of oil
smooths skin without drying it out
it absorbs into your skin quickly.
it really smooths my skin.
wherever you need wrinkle smoothing
i used a thin layer underneath my thick moisturizer because i have dry skin
it's plumping, cooling, softening.
it's plumps out even deep wrinkles after 1 use!
this product absorbs so easily
used it with the dermal quench liquid lift!
t penetrates deeper layers of your skin
i rub in an upwards circular motion until it has soaked in my skin
initially feels like glue
as the serums seeps into the skin
it's lightweight and gets absorbed quickly.
the scent dissipates in a minute or two
it soaks in quickly
the smell dissipates within a minute
bog the product down
as soon as it soaks in
i moisturize the stickiness disappears
amazing serum, not goopy- fast absorbing.
patted into my skin versus rubbing it in my skin
it sinks into the skin very quickly.
it smooths any imperfections
it minimized my pores
kept my foundation flawless in the hot sun without setting spray or additional primer
under my pore primer
my foundation slides all over the place because of the slick texture
didn't notice any blurring of pores either.
it really melts into your skin
how refreshing to flip over a container at sephora
it locks in moisture
soaks right into my skin
it dries down to a nice glow after maybe 5 minutes
a pea-sized amount dabbed onto your face is more than enough
i just layer a liquid spf over it :
one to mattify/fill in pores
this is a one stop 2 in 1 product that i lightly layer underneath my bb cream
doesn't clog my pores take a minor miracle
gets rid of most of my pores
it's not a primer like a smash box which "blurs pores" or whatever
it also claims that it reduces the look of pores
it smooths my pores over so nicely
but it worked and my pores are again at bay.
pores if i don't use a primer
large pores on my cheeks
however, it did not blur my pores.
gives you that "backlight filter" glow.
my pores have been giant
this minimizes my pores
it preps the skin making it soft
before this i had only tried pore filling silicon type of primers
it hides pores/blemishes
then before a pore filling primer
you get loads of product in the tube
i can even use my powder foundation without it caking or flaking
it minimizes my pores
helps the dry patches on my face
if locks in moisturizer to prevent your foundation from flaming off
4 layers on my lashes including a base
it's also fantastic for using a q-tip to remove stray flakes of mascara or liner dust because it doesn't require rinsing
i saturate two cotton pads
the rose milk one is a thick gel-like consistency
i added the charcoal water to my routine
it helps with the washing process
the charcoal deep cleans without drying my face out
it helped sooth my skin
i soak cotton pads
one wipe with this stuff on a cotton pad
its like a watery gel, not foamy.
it irritates my skin
cleans my skin well.
might put mine into a different container with a spray lid :
or drip off of a cotton ball
my pores are minimized after using this
they clean through the mass layers of makeup on my face quickly
dabbed some of this onto my makeup eraser washcloth
or flaking from it
my nose gets a touch oily
works wonders on my oily skin
i felt like it cleans my pores
practically gets rid of my pores
just apply on dry skin and then rinse off.
tender skin around my nose
it exfoliates just enough that my pores are less visible
my pores seemed to vanish
it dissipates in literally seconds after application
with my cheeks dry
my pores had minimized
there are instant results in minimizing the pores
my skin is combination/dry on the cheeks
letting my skin glow on its own
it legitimately blurs and mattefies the skin.
it blurs and perfects before make up application.
very soothing and calms irritation.
this mask quite literally calms my skin
it smooths my skin in the most special way.
not like a mud mask.
i just put a thin layer on.
i find that it instantly sooths
after i removed the mask my skin was plump
if you get your brows waxed regularly
instantly soothes the area
dry irritated skin around my mouth
removed the excess cream with a cotton pad after 10 minutes
after about 2 minutes of applying i felt a soothing cooling sensation
everyone from oily to dry skin
lips were so chapped
recently after having an intensive brow wax
waited to use it about my chemical peel
quick absorbed light cream
my skin dries out
then spot-dab the clarins cream over
this cream is thick
absorbs into the skin super fast
it helps manage my oil skin.
it absorbs peeeerfectly into my skin
absorbs right away without leaving any greasy residue
it is a magical water texture that absorbs instantly before i can reach my next product
it is sticky after application
the application becomes tacky so using my beauty blender for foundation helps
not slippery like some silicone primers can feel
it absorbs so quick
soothes my skin right away
would leave a thin sticky layer on my skin
i usually use just a silicone based primer under my eyes
my pores look smaller
it tends to clump up when it put foundation over it
ard mask considering it dries to a powder
quench the flaking thirst of my skin
when marisa checked my skin for the moisture level
my combination skin absorbs it quickly
it doesn't enlarge/enhance pores on my nose
it spreads so easy.
+ it absorbs wonderfully.
i feel like my skin absorbs it faster.
it's a lightweight formula that absorbs fast onto your skin for supple looking skin
although it's a really intense moisture it never clogged my pores
combo skin dry/oily
as with any jar unless you are using a spatula the oils from your h
this water drench cloud cream did wonders to my skin
moisturizing my face without clogging my pores
moist without being super shiny
watery when you're applying it
it absorbs into the skin quickly
it just dissolves into the skin so quickly
application goes on a little slimy feeling then the skin instantly absorbs it
it moisturizes my skin without making me break out
instantly absorbs into my skin
the water drench serum if your suffering from dry skin
i love how quickly it absorbs into the skin
airy gel that cools when it goes on
it glides on like a gel
it sinks into the skin almost instantly
moist on your face
the full size of ptr water drench hyaluronic cloud cream is in my basket to purchase
this just absorbs right into my skin
washing my face dries the area around my mouth out
it sinks into my skin
leaving the face almost powdery smooth
it foams up a little as i lather it into my skin
with oiliness only on my forehead
it soaks right into the skin
doesn't leave behind an oily residue
it's a very light formula that doesn't clog my pores
it doesn't clog my pores or cause any break outs.
in my dryer areas it is amazing without making the more oily areas super saturated causing breakouts
it makes my pores almost disappear
plus it doesn't oxidize on my face later in the day
love entire pores no more line!
forehead usually require 1 oil blotting sheet at mid-day
visible pores on my nose
the stick glides on smoothly and blends easily.
my pores were minimized
has a very nice blurring effect for pores
it is not super creamy, requires some rubbing in.
it blurs my pores
blurs all my imperfections like an instagram filter all while hydrating
doesn't crease, and nice to have spf.
i blended it using my fingers because when i used a beauty blender it was getting rid of the pigment
once i used my fingers to melt it into my skin
it sank into my pores on my nose.
they blend together well with the pore stick
after i started blending it sort of magically blended in
this is a great product for blurring pores
it really blurred my pores
after it settles on the skin
none of the chalky white residue i expected
this product is great at blurring pores.
pours in a easy to travel with stick
then at the end before setting spray i apply this to blur the pores
really blurs my pores
my pores weren't noticeable
this product completely disguises every pore
disappeared with a blending brush or even just using my fingertips
it absorbs beautifully into my combo-oily skin
by the way, i love the airless jar!
it hydrates my skin enough to where my blemishes aren't patchy/dry
then dries very quickly into an invisible powder-like finish
try dabbing it on with your fingers instead of the sponge to avoid your foundation transferring
it instantly mattes it
i love it on bare skin.
i'd rather use blotting papers for that.
the included applicator removed my foundation pretty bad
this stuff absorbs oil with just a few blots
i applied it all over my face with the applicator it comes with after powdering
apply the perfector over makeup with the same puff
thanks to this i don't have to spend $500 on a laser treatment to close my oil producing pores
it actually helps blur the large pores on my nose
way better than using blotting papers!
i used oil blotting sheets during the day
i dab this in my tzone
it keeps me from blotting for hours
i dab a little on my forehead/nose again--
you only pat the inner sponge till applicator sponge is a little moist
then tap it gently over your face
wherever i apply stays matte for hours
soft dabs onto the skin
the applicator sponge is a little tricky.
i've noticed a small bit of foundation does come off on the applicator pad
love it on bare skin.
also makes my pores look tiny!
blotting powders tend to add another layer to a face that might already feel coated with oil
gently dab on shiny spots and poof-gone.
it seemed to either hydrate my flakes or seal them down
i am an oil slick.
keeps my oily skin matte for hours!
my nose gets so oily
i am an oil slick.
it makes my pores looks smaller
this murad blotting perfector is the bees knees!
blotting sheets don't quite do the job
matte skin without over drying
from seeping through my make-up
it instantly absorbs the oil off of my face without disturbing my make-up
blotter lid so that i could use my own disposable sponge or even cotton balls to apply
easy-to-use this cushion blotting perfector is
i usually blot the oil away with tissues throughout the whole day
it has a cooling effect when you pad it onto your skin
its like cooling peach water for your face
pat it onto your skin gently
normally i will use a tissue paper
pat it on my skin to reduce the shine
where my pores at
very large pores in my t-zone
setting powder etc my oil breaks through
my pores look huge midday
getting oily foundation on my fingers
my pores stay minimized
the best bet is to very lightly pat the applicator onto the cushion
lightly tap onto skin
if the applicator is too wet
it truly absorbs the oiliness in my face
just dab lightly in the areas that are oily
the liquid formula lends itself to a cooling feeling when applying
gently pat onto the face
i dabbed this on
it dried in 10-15 seconds
it gave a cooling sensation
with one use of this mask i noticed smaller pores
this mask leaves behind an awesome cooling sensation on the skin
instant gratification with pores
my pores had tightened up
definitely cools once on the skin
once i rinsed it off the cooling sensation was a little more intense
my pores are clean
it left my skim smooth
warm it between your fingertips
protect it from the sun
it absorbs pretty quickly
conceal the texture on my cheeks
this product was perfect for hydrating my face after a daily morning cleanse without clogging my pores
i love how it sinks into my skin quickly
absorbs into skin quickly
works wonders on my dry skin
plus love mixing it with biy pigment drops from clinique as well
takes some puffing right down with dehydrated skin
the metal applicator is going to help with puffiness by helping to drain excess fluid from the eye area
i love the applicator ball
added just a splash of water to activate it
paychecks over the years in an effort to minimize my pores
its affect on my pores
my pores are shrinking
it rinses off easily
although it minimizes your pores
it really evens out my oily forehead
nice clean pores and soft skin.
rinses clean with no residue
helped to minimize my pores
i found that after using it for only a couple days there was a blackish grey dust film around my bathroom sink from the powder
i like the charcoal mask
this helps clean out my pores
my oily skin seems to like charcoal as this ingredient really helps with breakouts
my pores are almost non-existent
it cleans your face without irritating it
i think it shrunk my pores too!
my pores are noticeably smaller
i've always loved how the mask makes my pores super tiny
i love the little spatula that comes with it
alternating with a pore cleansing mask
one of my absolute favorite moisture mask
you massage it into the skin until the little capsules burst
it minimized forehead lines
it rinses off very easily
doesn't help remove the dead skin
this product removes the texture completely
it shrunk my pores
clears out congested pores
less congestion and smaller pores next morning!
especially if my pores feel clogged
since i have huge pores
this product helps decongest my pores
my pores were visable
began getting chemical peels
the pumping action air locks
scoop the material out
my pores have minimized
it burns a little during application
immediately applied the oil that cane with it
literally a facial in a jar.
it is a peel treatment so
it dissipates quickly after couple minutes on the skin
put 3 drops on my face after rinsing off the sukari
my pores appear smaller
then rinse off after 20 mins
i follow up with a super thin layer lightly smoothed in of the de marula oil
large pores for years
smooth after i washed it off
glycolic acid peels done before
i noticed my pores literally so small
it completely smooths my skin texture
it has dramatically helped my pores
smaller pores around my nose
after washing it off
no more visible pores
sends those blemishes away
my pores look much cleaner
up until now i've been using the clinique pore refining mask
smooths rough skin patches
my pores look so tiny now
found that my skin was peeling
removed the dry thin layer of skin
enlarged pores on my cheeks
i can tell that this literally unclogges my pores instantly
break out in hives
minimized my pores for a short time
it also helped decrease the amount of sebum my pores release
i am used to using peels though.
my pores are invisible.
raw skin due to using too much acids
i "prepped" my skin by not using acids
i quickly applied the marula oil on slightly dewy face
is a dramatic reduction in the pores on my nose
i just rinsed this off
it burns for a couple seconds
this mask feels sticky
my pores are tight
once rinsing with warm water
then applied a thin layer onto my skin
then rinsed it off
my pores are less visible now
honestly i though the sugar crystals were glass shards at first
my pores appeared smaller in one use
my pores are smaller
it rinses off easily and my skin feels soft.
it is a foamy cleanser that cleans your skin well without stripping your skin
it cleanses really nicely
my pores are smaller
i typically have oily/combo skin
gel in one scoop
no flaking or drying
softly on your skin
a lighter application in the day time for extra moisture
before the cream gets fully absorbed into my skin
it absorbes into the skin very quickly
this is a must have moisture for oily/combination skin
t sinks in beautifully
light on the skin like gel
it goes on light and plumps up my skin.
it dries down quickly and doesn't feel greasy.
it absorbs really quickly
has helped a lot with dry/peeling skin from the winter
then applied my primer
no greasiness yet thoroughly hydrates my whole face
sometimes use a night mask overtop
i love that it absorbs quickly
it absorbs into my skin so nicely it's a one
pores are minimized after application
the cream part seals in the gel
it goes on like whipped cream absorbs well
preforms beautifully under makeup
even other "natural" oils can hide behind fillers
skin was trying to compensate for lack of oils/moisture
doesn't clog your pores or make you break out
cause my eyes to water
the whipped mud mask
it's plumps my facial lines
my pores have shrunk.
soaks in faster than regular argan oil
being difficult to apply: either apply immediately after toner-while the skin is still damp- or apply a light mist of evian or other water spray
apply it to damp skin
i tried dabbing it with my fingers
i also love it to boost any sheet mask or cream mask
warm it up in the palms of your h
press on the skin
it keeps it very soft after it air drys
all her products absorb nicely into my hair
absorbs beautifully into the skin
the first skin care product that actually shrinks my pores
hydrates and softens like never before.
large pores on my nose
the oil is thicker than the regular oil
it does a great job at minimizing pores
within days my pores were minimized
you can get away with a thin layer
this helps keep my oils at bay
the cream is thick
it's quickly absorbed into my skin
the texture is a mixture of a gel
heels or prevents the worst peeling i get without making me slightly oily
combine this with my naturally dry skin
because it tends to clog up
the ingredients break down more quickly when exposed to air
renewed hope in a jar with spf 30
it blends beautifully into my skin without leaving behind any sort of greasy residue
it also layers well underneath my sunscreen
just dab a few dots on your forehead
this has replaced my algenist daytime moisturizer which clogged my pores
doesn't clog my pores at all like some others have reviewed
it is not greasy and absorbs.
this cream is thick
this product is thick
a little goes a long way so just tap your index finger in the tub
it sinks into the skin nicely
whipped consistency that absorbs well
it also absorbs well too.
absorbs to leave your skin smooth
oxygen infused night cream as well as their eye cream
some broken capillaries on my cheeks
the capillaries have disappeared
melts into the skin beautifully
seriously contemplating applying petroleum jelly to my cheeks
it tingles a bit upon application
absorbs readily into my skin
doesn't clog my pores
it soaks right into your skin
smooths onto skin like liquid
dries to a perfect finish on skin
impurities from my skin
got foundation on your lips?
over my eyes to remove everything- dirt
another bonus is that it rinses away clean
doesn't leave an oily residue behind
cleans up the oily t-zone
foams up nicely with barely any product
my pores not clogged
foams just the perfect amount
it doesn't strip my skin
the foam is light
with very small bubbles
don't have to worry about clogged pores from makeup
it foams right up
itchy before it's even air dried
then i got one of those sonic brushes
foamy on the skin
it really deep cleans and tighten my pores too.
it doesn't take you 15 minutes of rinsing to wash it off
super gentle, no drying, completely love!
my pores are smaller and my face is less oily.
other impurities without drying out my skin
best of all this cleanses my skin without the tightness
dry out my skin
i could see my pores smaller
it is also clogging my pores a little bit
make sure to rub it with your fingertips until it becomes translucent before applying on your face to prevent breakouts
my dry 50ish skin soaked it up.
one jar plus a little spatula is all you need.
shiny all day even with using oil absorbing sheets every hour
if not done correctly it will clog your pores
my pores are less noticeable
put it in the palm of your h
rub your palms together a bit just to warm it up.
it won't absorb into your palms
my foundation sits batter
into your skin it absorbs right in
it absorbs so quickly
dab it over you skin
this is the only cream that extinguishes that burning sensation
i once accidentally burned my arm taking a casserole out of the oven
it has minimized the size of my pores
this is best applied rubbed in your fingers
gently patted on the skin
my pores more refined
not just a layer of heavy cream
this locks in moisture all day
after smoothing it on
pat some into the dry spot using the bottom of your finger the same idea as patting on eye cream or the pat pat from a beauty blender
this takes care of all the abrasion
5 oz jars so you don't have to worry about the larger jars oxidizing
just rub into your fingers and pat onto skin.
you can feel the molecules soaking in
it absorbs quickly for a thick cream
melts into your skin
the moisture is incredible
tap it on your face
it is only for moisture
clears up breakouts/texture
gives my skin the heavy moisture it needs
then you press it gently into the skin
it absorbs very fast
this product softened up
smoothed out that patch
its doesnt irritate the skin
the problematic skin layer turn yellow
my skin is soaking up the moisture
fully absorbs after 5-10 minutes
i love to slather this onto my face
this is the only one that absorbs quickly
i recommend this eye cream to anyone who wants a cream that absorbs quickly
you only need a tiny amount which i scoop out with a skin spatula
foamy lather using so little product
this product instantly moisturized my skin without making it sticky
after washing with the origins zero oil face wash
this also minimized pores on both myself
non sticky and absorb very fast.
not clogged up pores.
smooths the eye area
absorbs great in the skin
it immediately plumps it
flaky foundation around my nose/mouth or melting foundation on my forehead
i love this serum because it doesn't clog my pores or break me out
the pores get smaller
non drying at all
it keeps my oiliness at bay basically all day
it reduces my pores
controls my oily looking
silicone feel of most pore filling primers
needs to be patted on not rubbed
all of my pores were filled in
acted like a blurring filter for my skin
when i used the smoother serum before applying make-up
it absorbed excess oil without drying out my skin
it truly helps diminish the appearance of my pores
like the name "filter" like appearance
my pores are almost nonexistent
it worked great at minimizing her pores
it worked similarly to blotting paper
immediately melts into your skin
removing shine without drying out your skin
once i sprayed the shiseido fix mist it helped to hydrate the dry patches
smoothed out my skin
my pores looked blurred over
have large pores or even just prefer a matte skin look
it goes on very nicely and absorbs quickly.
i put a little dab
it smooths your entire face
it really helps reduce pores
your skin looks like it has a filter on it in real life concealing pores
i love how quickly it soaks up oil
when used overtop of foundation
lightweight product that reduces pores
pores without messing up my makeup
when i first applied this product to my bare skin i didn't notice that it significantly blurred my pores
it works great to cover up the pores there
it absorbs quickly into the skin
it blurs the pores instantly
i can see some powdery residue though
not to mention helping my pores appear smaller!
once applied to the skin it absorbs quite quickly
when it dries down it leaves your skin matte
pores as if they were airbrushed
this serum is great for reducing your pores
great product to minimize pores
found my liquid foundation drying
caking too quickly as i applied to on top
it fills in lines
removes the desire to add a filter
makeup glides on the lightweight product then blends easily
this product comes out a bit runny
the product itself has a light texture that sinks almost immediately into the skin
really erases any signs of pores or wrinkles
it absorbs quickly and is very lightweight.
it totally smooths out my skins again
helps with covering up imperfections
it does minimize the appearance of pores which is great
i found this product works best as a base underneath my powder
it completely reduces the look of pores
it blurred out my pores
my pores were visibly smaller
really just smooths out my skin
it instantly absorbs oil
smooths pores as it claims
act as a filter with a skin blurring effect
it also claims to help absorb excess sebum on your face
it doesn't leave any residue or tackiness
this nicely replaces a powder
smooth when applied to the face
it gives blurring/smoothing filter that's perfect for underneath foundation
it completely smooths your
hides all of your pores
silicone based products just ball up on my face
i must say i love how this smooths my skin
diminished the look of my pores
it noticeably smoothed out my pores
blurs out all my pores
it is a good filter reducing appearance of pores.
make my pores appear smaller
it has a light milky texture which spreads easily
my skin is an oil pot
it literally looked like i applied a filter on my face
smooths your skin in a noticeable manner
it didn't clog my pores or make me produce more oil
it's oil targeting micro powder helps absorb excess oils throughout the day
this serum smoothes out all my fine lines
pores i love it
in simpler terms it's a blurring product that reduces the appearance of pores
it also does a great job of smoothing over my pores
it's great for minimizing the appearance of pores
i mix a dab with my liquid foundation on the back of my h
it minimizes my larger pores
smoothes out my skin
t doesn't clog my pores
it flaked off when i started blending my contouring
it took all my pores away
great product which quickly blurs away imperfections
mattifies it without smudging your existing makeup
as it dries to a powder-like finish
it fills up pores in my skin
it made my pores completely dissapear!!
contains oil targeting micro powder to absorb excess sebum- blurs pores
smoothed skin surfaces- extract from root of bergenia ciliata stem helps blemish marks less visible- marjoram extract herb targeted to fight dehydration  i received these products complimentary from @influensterca to try out ❤️
it minimized the shine
tightened my pores without ruining my makeup
it blurs out pores
sinks right into the skin and feels lightweight.
absorbed quickly into my skin
pores around my nose
it doesn't have a silicone texture
is more of a watery fluid
this does help blur your pores
minimizes the appearance of pores
it dries fast on the skin
this serum fills in all my pores
starts off liquidity then tried to a matte almost mouse feel
it dries fast on the skin
it does a nice job of blurring pores
it fills my lines
it lost a star because it dries white on my coloured skin
it smoothes out my pores
i've always had large pores
this really makes my pores almost disappear.
it minimizes my pores
this night pressed serum simply melts into your face the minute you start to massage it into your skin
just melts as you apply it
it absorbs pretty fast
provides nice hurd strips without feeling sticky or greasy
gives me hives on my face
am oily around my forehead
when it touches my skin it melts into a soft cream
i notice my impurities literally are blurred in the morning
the oil washes away very easily
dry on my cheeks
my wrinkle forehead subsides
my skin hates foamy, gel etc.
it's a light weight oil
i hate using cotton ball and face wipes.
(disposable but such a waist).
just rub this all over an it melts of your face
that sensitive skin reacts to
dirt off my skin
it cleans very well
removes make up wonderfully
my mascara is instantly dissolved
then wash your face with water to dissolve everything
totally removed like 5 layers of water proof mascara
need a cleanser that removes any form of makup around the eyes without rubbing?
oily in the mix
it absorbs quickly with no oily residue
absorbs in a decent amount of time
easy to layer with night treatments
more oily then combo
on the eye lid with an amazing smoothing of eye lid crepe
leaves no greasy film
it hydrates without feeling sticky.
it absorbs quickly and is not greasy.
the cream absorbs quickly
the ingredients in here break up the fluid
smooths my under eye
these annoying folds that extend from my tear ducts
it sinks in your skin fast
when the products dries
a thin white layer of the product starts to come off
absorbs quickly to leave a non-greasy finish
once i started using this eye gel
it sinks in so effortlessly
the pump bottle is great because it deposits only the tiniest amount
absorbs quickly into the skin
hydration without irritating or clogging break out prone skin
that stuff is liquid gold
i only use one full droplet
then i tried adding 1 tiny drop to my usual dollop of their gel cream
this absorbs quickly into the skin
slightly thicker than regular squalane oil which i use during the day
seals in the moisture
helps my skin absorb my night cream quickly
it absorbs into my skin so nicely without any residual oiliness
needing reapplication of moisture throughout the day to keep the flakiness away
it soaks into my skin
it absorbs super quickly
it sinks into the skin quickly without leaving behind a greasy residue
it's lightweight and absorbs quickly!
my skin just soaked it up
feet after i shower
instantly hydrates my face
it blow-dried out greasy
my dry patch soaked it up
i rub the excess on the ends of my hair
it completely absorbs in
it keeps the oil from air exposure
my pores appear smaller
a skin oil that truly absorbs into your skin
my skin just soaks it up
this is a dry oil that absorbs into the skin almost immediately
smooths skin all day
only 1-2 drops does the trick
the squalane oil not only suits my oily skin
the bottle lasts forever!
it doesn't clog my skin
i sweat even more
fixed my dry hands and feet.
it comes with an easy tube dispenser
side note: i have lip filler
s normal skin with big pores
really helps my pores stay small
smooths out easily onto the skin
pump applicator makes it easy to apply, too.
oily on my face
it moisturizes your skin to prep your face perfectly for make up
the spf protects my skin so well
absorbs flawlessly into the skin
neck completely removes all traces of makeup
gentle solution for removing the dirt
sweat from your face
i love the foam.
non drying it is
it comes with a pump and foams perfectly.
thick texture of the cream as i feel that it protects
then how almost miraculously it becomes virtually weightless on your skin
it had a weird quality to it after i rinsed
the rna power eye cream goes on smooth with the included spatula
it just blends right into the skin
it absorbs quite well and is lightweight.
don't worry about the glass container.
ncludes an applicator which they call a spatula which you are to use to dab the cream around your eyes
the instruction are for you to take a pearl size amount with the spatula
dab it around your eyes
it absorbs very quickly
it applies really nicely and absorbs quickly.
it's not greasy and doesn't clog my pores.
glides across my skin
it absorbs quickly and it is t greasy.
dark pigment around the eyes
smother skin in just 2 weeks
i hate feeling like i'm soaking in a facial product
it absorbs quickly without making my skin oily
used the applicator to apply under
absorbs quickly without leaving an oily residue on the skin
the eye cream itself came in a glass container topped off with a plastic lid
container with a glass bottom
with a non-greasy texture that quickly absorbs into the skin
not too thick/ greasy nor thin/ watery
another plus is that the cream absorbs well
it isn't greasy or heavy and it absorbs quickly.
doesn't leave any oily residue or irritate my sensitive skin
it can almost cause like little dry peels
super recommended for oily/ combination skin with big pores
this facewash has an thick gel-like consistency
it foams nicely with water
it foams up lie crazy
people with oily skin
the consistency is foamy and non-drying.
keeps me oil free
the toner has massively shrunk my pores with continued use
it foams very easily
it softens my skin
leaves it oil-free
a very small amount cleans the entire face
fresh texture leaves the face very clean of impurities
even after it is rinsed off
dry due to the wash
—made my pores look a bit smaller
you'll notice that this cleanser warms your face a little
it cleans my pores
removes all excess oil
layered with the matching toner
it's not drying or stripping
it works on drying out my oily spots on my face without over drying it
it develops a nice lather
it helped mattify by skin without drying it out
it lathers up so well
it's non drying and doesn't strip your skin.
it washed my face
the formula is smooth, no beads.
it froths up wonderfully
it bubbles right up
soon makes a mattifying face mask
the way it lathers
forehead get the most oily
it goes away quickly when rinsing off with warm water
clogged pores without feeling like it's completely stripping your skin
it washes away clean
it removes all the dirt
has helped control my oily skin
i like the foam
the balance oil control hydrator my skin doesn't get as oily
it lathers up really nicely
then setting spray again
my bottle doesn't seem to have a tube inside connected to the pump?
doesn't clog my pores
i layered it on top of an spf
tingle it leaves behind after application
it sinks into my skin in seconds
leaves it matte for hours
keeps me oil free
the toner has massively shrunk my pores with continued use
doesn't clog my pores
good moisture and no oily sensation
my forehead gets really oily throughout the day
dab it on my forehead
my pores looked a hot mess
amazing product that absorbs quickly
leaves skin oil free
this helps with the oily tzone
it hydrates my acne prone zones without making my face super oily
when i use this, it really combats my oily skin!
absorbs quickly great for my combination skin
urban decay deslick setting spray
it reduced the appearance of my pores.
it is slightly cooling on the skin
a blank canvas for makeup
my skin soaked it up almost immediately
the skin soaks up all the ingredients
doesn't clog my pores
even with powder on
egg on your face type of skin
seeps into your skin quickly
helped with my over oily producing skin
doesn't leave an oily residue or thick coating on the skin- it absorbs really quickly on my skin
keeps my oiliness at bay
helps keep my oils at bay
removes the excess oil from my t-zone
it absorbs into the skin quickly
the face wash was a thick gel that lathered wonderfully
sinks into the skin quickly
easily absorbs into the skin
it reminds me of a burst of cold air
i feel like it definitely smoothes my pores
the skin absorbs this very quickly
my skin soaks it up nicely
it also leaves a nice cooling
please be aware – there’s a common misconception that silicone clogs pores
prevents your skin from being able to breathe
silicone molecules are too big to penetrate your pores
t can’t clog pores or trap dirt
oils in your pores
wait until it dries
my pores look smaller
my eye lid/ brow bone area has firmed up
about clumpy when applied makeup afterwards
absorbs quickly so primer
it soaks right into my skin
melts into the skin nicely
unlike a lot of thick eye creams this one absorbs quickly
when you apply it it soaks into the skin
it absorbed pretty much instantly
absorbed into my skin right away
using a cold setting spray
or settles into fine lines
even after adding several layers it doesn't cake or settle in pores/lines
it gives a cooling effect when first applied onto the skin
melts into the skin
gives my skin moisture too
touch up with the sponge
it applies well with fingers
rubbing it in seems to help it sink in to the skin
smooths on well without looking greasy
i apply this with a foundation brush
when i rubbed it in
heals my skin when it's irritated or dried out from harsh treatments or dry winter air
it doesn't clog pores or break me out
i read the reviews for the thicker cream
my skin absorbs it fairly quickly
it absorbs and cools the skin instantly.
my skin starts to rebel
this micellar water is perfect for removing excess build up from sweat
a long day at the beach without inflaming sun burnt skin
my skin just soaks it up
not stiff or waxy
de-puffing creams would irritate
while leaving the moisture barrier intact
sometimes throw on my smashbox halo powder
it goes on in a nice thin layer
sinks right into my skin
there's no serum left sitting on skin surface
my pores look much smaller
it also absorbs quickly
absorbs well without feeling sticky or heavy like other serums
it's very lightweight and absorbs quickly.
this serum is so light weight with out that sticky texture
absorbs very quickly into the skin.
it's light once absorbed
with the bits of gold flakes
it absorbs into the skin in about 3-5 minutes after application
it just smoothes out your face
my skin actually absorbs it
farsali soaks into my face
i normally have dryer skin
it allows the lip color not to dry out your lips or the surrounding area
the gold melts into my skin
save the gold flakes for daytime use!
volcano drops as well
i prep my lips with it before using any liquid lipstick
mix it together with a brush
it calms redness and evens out my oil production.
i even add a few drops to my body moisturizer to give my body a soft glow
smooths out my foundation
light it just melts into my skin
if your prone to oily lids though
are usually put a couple drops into my beauty blender
then it shows beautifully moisturised lips in the next shot?
it won't absorb into my skin
my skin won't absorb it
my skin soaks it up
will use 3 drops of smashboz photo finish primer oil
i find that using it as a lip primer
i allow it to sink into the skin before applying any lip product
as a primer for my lips
it just pooled on my skin
works great for oily to sahara desert dry skin.
absorbs better than any on even the driest skin
i usually get a lot of buildup on my nose's pores
the pores on my nose
it helps prevent my makeup from being cakey
absorbs in a decent amount of time.
the oil does absorb into the skin
doesn't leave the oily residue
she puts a few drops on before bed after washing with mario badescu acne wash
i like how it absorbs into the skin
it blends my makeup effortlessly without leaving lines or streaks
bare-minerals original formula powder
it hydrates your lips better than any lip treatment i've ever tried
my pores are smaller
where as the unicorn essence immediately absorbs
i quickly massaged it into my skin
normally my foundation breaks up or cracks
like 100 blotting sheets a day oily
helps with dry patches
it is a very light fluid that spreads easily.
a huge plus for my oily/combo skin
it hides pores moderately well
i also used it to drip into my abh contour palette
shrink my pores throughout the day
i've noticed my bare minerals powder goes on much smoother
helps with the appearance of pores
locks in the moisture
it layers well under foundation.
it's invisible on your skin
urban decay's all nighter setting spray
this stuff absorbs super quickly too
rinses off better/easier
my pores haven’t felt this declogged in ages
it doesn't irritate the eyes
it removes waterproof mascara with ease
it has a small white spatula
it does not strip moisture
comes off easily with either a hot cloth or emulsification
doesn't leave behind a residue
again this stuff removed 3 layers of sun screen
the wipes can leave behind residue
it cleanses the skin perfectly
it literally melts the makeup off my face
the banilla co irritates the eyes
turned into a cream with water
it wipes off clean
it washes away clean without any residue which i love
it melts away all my makeup
it rinses off really well
using the farmacy green clean
this tub will last a while.
t doesn't stain my white towels
takes makeup off cleanly and easily.
i can also open my eyes after i splash water on to emulsify it
it comes with a little spoon
it melts away all your makeup
the product melts into a thin oil that rubs on your face smoothly
no residue, clean skin.
no more scrubbing at my lips with a micellar water
instead i just spatula out a small amount of product
doesn't leave an oily residue.
lather with my fingers
wipe off with a cloth
rinses clean so much better
my pores started to reclog i ended up repurchasing
use a hot washcloth to take it off
i do recommend stirring it with the spatula
sometimes after washing my face i had to rinse my eyes separately
immediately melts on skin contact
rinsed in one application
the clinique balm used to get in my eyes
gently wipe face with washcloth
it melts into your skin like
when i say it melts
the melting process is shocking
with this balm, it rinses off with utter ease!!!
just rinse with water
place in a travel plastic jar
love how it immediately melts on contact with my skin
it melts almost instantly
there was no mascara dripping down my face
my waterproof liner comes right off
more gently than liquid remover on a cotton pad
i prefer to rinse off instead of wipe dry
it rinses quite well
i rubbed a pea sized amount on my skin
once it had warmed on my fingers i just rubbed my lids lashes
brows gently in circular motions until i could feel the mascara had "melted"
rinsed my entire face
it takes about 30 sec for it to melt through heavy eye makeup
don't need cotton pads
it truly brings all the impurities to the surface
then take like a 1/2-1 teaspoon of olive oil
instantly cleanes and melts away makeup.
then wipe off with a tissue
it easily melts off all the traces of stubborn make up of your face
comes with a little plastic spatula so you don't have to dig your dirty heads into the container
leaves my skin moisturized without leaving any residue
all you need is a pea sized amount to massage all over your face then rinse with water
literally melts away all makeup like magic.
it still dissolves with warm water
other balms make my eyes cloudy
wipes off without leaving any residue
i even use micellar water on a cotton pad after
it rinses off really easily
my skin is red from scrubbing
it comes with a spatula to scoop the product out
it instantly melts into the skin breaking all the makeup or whatever's on your face up
i also often saw eyelashes fall out after repeated wiping to remove waterproof mascara
comes with a small spatula to avoid contamination with your fingers
it transforms into an oil that removes everything
best of all rinses away with zero residue
this annihilates all grime and makeup.
it can be either rinsed off or removed with a flannel/washcloth
unlike the other makeup melters i've tried
just a heads up for contact lens wearers
it literally melts on your face into a nice oil that removes every trace of make-up
i deal with small clogged pores around my nose
eyes then run a washcloth under hot water
foundation literally melts away leaving me with soft skin
excess oils without stripping the skin
putting this on dry hair
my bb cream absorbs into my skin
it absorbs into the skin really nicely
my makeup melts into my face
it rinses cleanly and easily.
it does tend to drip tiny drops onto your bathroom counter
it almost makes a thin lather
doesn't strip your skin
super clean with zero irritation
quickly absorb into the skin
i feel like it just automatically syncs into my skin
it absorbs right in
i get oily easily, especially on my forehead.
however this product absorbs well into my skin
super thick or smelly
end up licking your lips
that disappears fairly quickly
absorbs into my skin
get more sun protection
it hydrates well deep into the skin.
it doesn't matter if you layer toner
no flakes at all!!!
it sinks right into my skin
brings down the puffiness instantly
pro's: • absorb super fast • great for oily eye lids since it does not leave a greasy residue • spf • great under make up • love the simple squeeze tube
i'll just layer it with another eye cream
spf really burns your eyes
i then exfoliated with it.
it mattifies, smooths, and evens out my skin.
it kept my make up on all day while moisturizing/pore perfecting
my pores seemed to vanish
it smooths my pores.
it plumps up my skin during the dry winter months
i noticed that the sebum clogged in my pores has visibly reduced
with this moist cloud cream
i highly recommend this product if you have clogged pores
doesn't clog up your pores
i love how quickly the formula absorbs
it absorbs nicely into skin
it doesn't over dry your skin like a traditional clay mask
it helped my pores on nose to shrink
i would have to use a blotting sheet very often
the pores look tiny and no more "pools of oil."
i find that it calms and purifies my skin.
loosens the dirt under the skin which helps in removing buildup
it minimizes the oiliness of my skin.
this stuff has almost completely eliminated my pores
easy application and washes right off.
my pores aren't significantly large
used brush to apply it
let me tell you the sample instantly shrunk my pores
unlike other pore cleansing masks
the clay can be a little drying
my pores have significantly shrunk
i defiantly recommend over any other clay mask
then there is a moisture protector to prevent drying out under the lid
which could be a mix with the radiance peel
a small amount on a cotton pad
dry my skin out
eyelash glue so fast
i just wet a cotton pad
leave a weird oily/sticky film
then i used the tiniest amount of the dior micellar water on a cotton pad
after using one cotton pad
doesn't leave a sticky or oily residue
this mask makes your skin purge
my pores are visibly smaller
it rinses off beautifully
removes all of the dirt and impurities too.
after i rinsed this mask off my skin looked beautiful
i also use fresh rose face mask everytime i shower after washing my face
this product is used to remove dead skin
my pores have almost diminished
that makes it feel like it's really penetrating deep into the pores of my skin
it dries in about 10 minutes
it is absolutely obvious that it's pulling junk in my pores to the surface
did some serious extraction on the pores on my nose
when i rinsed it off
i've yet to find a product that actually cleaned out my pores
it immediately gives the appearance of smaller pores
my pores look much smaller
this is a holy grail face mask if you have visable pores or clogged skin
it doesn't irritate or dehydrate my skin
some times a clay mask is great to help unclog
it has been the best mask for clearing my pores especially without irritation
and pores also appear smaller after using it.
pulled a lot of the gunk from my pores
it definitely reduced the size of my pores as well
while rinsing i lightly scrubbed the product around 1 last time
dries to a comfortable "tight" pull to get all impurities out
because this deep cleans pores
my pores were unclogged
i've always had horrible clogged pores in my tzone
best mask for clogged pores.
it made my pores smaller
just melts into skin seamlessly
no clogged pores, stickiness...just good stuff!
it glides on super smoothly and absorbed quickly.
doesn't leave an oily residue on skin
dissolves into a hydrating water into my skin for a lightweight
there's a holder on the lid to keep the spatula on the container
day if i’m more on the oily side: the pore perfecting water gel
possibly the silk or water cream depending on my skin
my pores are invisible
it does not clog my pores
oily lines to try this cream
's charcoal mask left my face red
tatcha is known to use red algae
it dries instantly & does not leave a residue.
my favorite mask used to be the glam glow clearing mud
once i rinse it off my skin is calmed
my pores are nonexistent
purges skin without drying it out
when it dries down it doesn't crack like other masks
the mask come with a spatula
s down the perfect amount of moisture
usually wouldn't be into a moisture mask
uncomfortable when i rinse it off
it cleanses my face perfectly
oily on my cheeks
oily prone/combination skin
this removed everything effortlessly
even though i'm a contact wearer
doesn't leave a sticky residue
it absorbs into the skin
or melting off product
i won't even need pore strips
then moisture surge moisture extended surge relief
it literally absorbs within 10 seconds
moisture spray chubby stick
this absorbs very fast
gives a fair amount of moisture
i washed it off
i love that it absorbs so quickly in my skin
i like that it absorbs quickly
controls oil in the oily areas
it also minimizes my pores without overly drying them
it is quickly absorbed
besides the wrapping with nozzle avoids the wastes
i need intense moisture
i personally love the sticky/tackiness as it clings to my foundation
this seems to help seal in moisture
it is a very nice gel formula that sinks into your skin quickly
i wanted to add moisture without adding a extra layer between my skin
it doesn't tingle like the glamglow white mud mask
absorbed completely into my skin.
if you love the deep cleansing mud mask
just apply to the skin as you would any cleanser in a thin layer
use the mitt to remove with warm water
the idea of the rubber mask "sealing it in" is great
a good tip: rub the serum gently into the skin.
the rubber stays in place
there is a little stickiness
like a cooling jello texture
i love the serum that you put on underneath before the rubber mask itself
the mask doesn't fall off of my face dripping in serum
clogged pores all over my face
it didn't totally unclog my pores
works on pores like a charm
the rubber mask tears very easily
ole henriksen lemon flash peel a few times per week
it feels quite hydrating while simultaneously calming any congestion ready to erupt below the skin
just patted the excess off with a clean towel
my pores looked smaller
then a rubber like sheet mask on top
rubber mask feels amazing and cooling on skin.
woke up with smaller pores
it is cooling on your skin.
the mask does tear easily.
some reviews say it easily rips
my clogged pores had surfaced
the clogged pores that i removed are almost healed
once i peeled the rubber mask which comes in 2 parts
does have a great cooling sensation.
the rubber mask rips easily
you smear the gel over your face
then put the rubberized mask on
the cold temperature of the mask is revigorating
then the rubber mask
then, the rubber mask goes on.
unlike the cotton sheet masks
it was a pretty thick layer.
i then massaged the rest of the ampoule into my face
my pores do seem smaller
i saw instant results with minimizing my pores
i think i'll stick to the boscia gel sheet masks
my pores were next to invisible
then applied the mask
i did a thin layer on my face
vital hydra solution sheet masks
the mask leaves a cooling effect
seriously enjoying the rubberized sheet mask.
softens into a moister/watery cream that glides on
i literally just dab my finger on top of the cream
it covers more than half my face in a deep nourishment
day if i’m more on the oily side: the pore perfecting water gel
possibly the silk or water cream depending on my skin
my pores are invisible
causing my face to look oily
also calms my skin
it truly visibly tightened my pores.
the product turns into liquid when you massage it into your skin
also hydrate the dry patches that lurk around my face too
does not clog up my skin
my skin literally takes a gulp of water when i use this
makes my pores way smaller i'm in love with this
this water cream is a nice smooth anti-aging botanical cream that helps reduce pore size
though i thought the attached spatula
different from other mud mask
t sinks in immediately
it gets congested easily
bursts into a water on my skin when i massage it in
i swear my pores are smaller
the cream glides on my face
which manifested itself with my nose peeling daily
my nose has the "marble" effect
my pores look huge
this cream keeps my skin from becoming oily
my pores don't look visible
generally absorbs very quickly
it sinks right into the skin
my pores have been minimized
my problem: applying more than a pearl size makes my foundation highlight pores just like primers sometimes do
you can see a dot of foundation inside each pore
as if i rubbed a line
theres a balled up line of smeared foundation
flakiness on my nose
went from pore-less skin to a disaster
once it hits the skin
sinks into skin wonderfully
it is lightweight and fast absorbing too.
sinks in the skin
i can see my pores getting smaller
my porous skin started to look smooth
my skin soaks it up
it feels like i'm splashing water on my face.
i also love the little spoon it comes with.
my pores are also less visible.
the fiber is thin
absorbs quickly into the skin
you will over saturate your skin
it melted into my skin when i rubbed it in
or it clogs my pores if i try to go for something hydrating
i feel like my skin was dunked in a milky
i love that gold plated spoon that comes with the product
it's like a splash of water to the face.
it doesn't clog pores or cause blemishes for me
after trying the tatcha skin mist
it absorbs very quickly
for me this was a light moisturizer that absorbed quickly into nothingness
as i put sunscreen on overtop
this dries my skin out
using the golden spoon you scoop out the desired amount
which prevents the oils from your fingers from going into the cream
smooth once applied to your face
this moisturizer sinks in effortlessly
keeps the oily areas matte
i feel this even helps to control my sebum production throughout the day
my pores are minimized
does not clog my pores
once applied to the skin it becomes watery
this absorbs quickly and doesn't feel greasy.
my pores are huge
i'd try to exfoliate the flaky bits
doesn't feel goopy after application
visibly shrinks pores without drying
bare minerals original foundation
smoothed out all my pores
you can feel how deeply it penetrates moisture
it transforms skin instantly!
my face doesn't feel sticky because it absorbs like a serum
my mineral foundation glides over this cream
once applied your face is smoothed for even foundation application
my pores are no more
mixing it into moisturizer with the little scoop was becoming cumbersome
mpressed with in this serum is how easily it sinks into the skin
ability to penetrate through oils
makes pores look smaller
melts instantly into my skin.
my pores were teeny tiny
i don't have that stripped dry feeling after rinsing
exfoliated at the same time
2nd the oil isnt thick goopy gross
using a warm wet cloth to wipe away
it really dissolves all your make up!
i wipe it off with a wet washcloth
i still use a light face wash after i rinse this off
literally melts everything away.
my pores are so small afterwards
follow it with ceramic slip
it doesn't strip your skin
the oil removes everything easily
totally love this gel mask.
i start with the sephora collection mud mask
conveniently hydrates your skin
my pores looked cleaner
i rinse mine off since i have sensitive skin
this gel covered all of my bases
it kind of melts as you rub it into the skin
then sinks into pores
my only complaint is that the paint/ink(?)
around the container rubs off with very minimal wear
it melts right into my skin
it does have silicone in it to help with filling wrinkles
seeps into your skin
i love to wear thick
it absorbs so quickly
doesn't clog pores or feel heavy/oily in any way
the best mud mask ever.
it hydrates instead of drying out your face.
it soaks right into my skin
it absorbs super fast
not so great in covering large pores around the nose
this mask deep cleans
firms your skin and evens out tone.
i love this oil because it absorbs quickly
sinks right in with no residue
it sinks in immediately
this oil has healed the dry areas
while balancing the oily ones
1 dropper full in the morning--making sure to press it into freshly washed
i put a dab of primer over it
my pores even look a bit smaller
it soaks so perfectly into my skin
i rub three drops in my palms until warmed
absorbs dry so my face isn't oily
it's clogging your pores
the biggest amazement is the moisture it gives your skin
it softens my skin
seems to dissipate very fast
i find the oil absorbs well
this oil soaks right in
no oil slick sitting on the surface.
it just sinks into my skin
sticky or heavy blends so well into the skin
it melts right into you skin.
it's absorbs quickly into the skin
working with a lot of dust
dirt causes them to be even more clogged
hey my pores are clear so no need for pore strips
the mask gets a lot of junk out of my pores without damaging my skin
pores are tight and free of buildup.
mine no longer foams up
this cleanser transitions from light clay into a very thick lather
at which point became soapy
it brings blackheads to the surface
once your skin starts producing its own moisture
this serum greatly reduced the papery look within days
the formula absorbs quickly
the applicator is amazing
smooth my actual eye lids
it's safe for the eyelids
dissipates rapidly-i enjoy the fragrance so wish it hung around longer
creates a nice milky lather that removes every trace of makeup on my face
the pour-spout is very small though
i generally dispense 3-4 "globs" to use on my entire face
becomes a thicker gel like texture
one pump easily covers both eyes.
it soaks in easily
it soaks in easily
i only use about 1/2 a pump though to avoid clumping/pilling
lashes-- it conditions them
unfortunately i did noticed some clumping underneath my concealer
comes off easily with water
this is a fast-absorbing serum.
best eye serum hands down.
it takes in air as it retracts
forced the inner tube down with a cuticle stick so there was less air
you'll have to use the cuticle stick to dispense the rest of the product
it soaks into the skin nicely
it doesn't soak in quickly
my eye lids are oily
it hydrates nicely helping with the little fine lines
this never burns on application
i also feel i need to tilt the dispenser tip down when storing it
product isn't exposed to air or sunlight
it seems to absorb into the skin immediately.
this is a great eye serum that soaks right in
doesn't leave a slick surface
this shaba soaks in without leaving any residue.
it soaks in easily
then use a q-tip to lightly blend the edges
on the orbital bone
narrow to store upright in a drawer
a small amount of wrinkles forming
it bubbles on my skin so quickly
it's gentle on the skin but really cleans it.
the bubbles don't hurt but tickle :)
this mask is a kick-- it crackles
tingles across your skin
it protects my sensitive dry spots
grime off my face
waterproof makeup, lip liner - everything.
it gets dry around the nose
you require more product than the clay sponge needs
don't put lid down or the soap will leak out!
it cleans so well
it's a jelly consistency that you can build to a creamy foam as you massage into your face
a tiny amount of product can leak out when your sealing it
then wipe away the little bit of cleanser that pushes out
i hold the bottle so that the orange cap is upwards as it refills with air
to get off my eye makeup i wet a washcloth
squirt a little on your h
it cleanses well without being irritating
the product foams up nicely
otherwise it gets too runny
the dispenser is a bit of a pain
great packaging for less mess- no unscrewing a cap
thoroughly removes all traces of make up
it's a very lightweight gel cleanser that gently removes dirt
without stripping the complexion of its natural oils or tampering with its ph balance
rubbed it overtop black dark eyeshadows
just rubbed it lightly with my fingertip
with one light tissue rub over my h
it literally melts away
exfoliated my skin in a matter of two minutes
then rinse with luke warm water
it has tiny beads in it that slightly exfoliate your face
my skin is degreased
cleans out my pores with ease
i struggle with large pores
this gives me instant moisture
exfoliated without ever drying it out
i can definitely see it help reduce my pores
my nose can get slightly oily
cooling water works amazing
i just use a towel to dab off any soapy residue from the top after i use it
it really plumps and delivers deep into skin.
this gives you the perfect amount of moisture without dryness or stickiness
the cooling wakes my up
it will cause pilling
this applicator is definitely not smooth
it really helped minimiza my pores
the pores on my nose shrunk
it gives normal to combination skin enough moisture
the clay mask is definitely good for clearing out your pores
this drew all sorts of gross stuff out of my pores as it dried
i do the clay over areas of congest
then add a bit of warm water to exfoliate using circular motions
wash off the mask once it's dried
on my first use i got clearer pores
it's a great pore refining mask
tightens up my face
clears up skin texture
it also dries quickly
i used the mask once
it does nothing for clogged pores
the tube is small
price as the small pot of the original silver gravity mud mask
make sure to layer it on thick
apply a generous even layer
have super oily patches
nice on the nails and cuticles too.
my skin is semi-oily
my pores are smaller
have to rub gently after the 15-20 min because it's so strong on the skin
making it faster to heal
then develops into this gross smell
i went on to apply this honey like texture i used a flat foundation brush to paint this on my face
then i rinsed it off gently massaging it off
it turned into this diamond powder scrub i know it does not have diamond powder in it
was easy to remove with a warm damp washcloth!
the mask does not dry like a clay mask
i did plenty of peels before
finally, i rinsed it off & wow!
the best part is taking your time to scrub in the particles at the end
gets a good amount of grime out of your face
goes on thick and smooth with a brush.
tingles without burning while on 3
i love love how clean this jelly ball cleanser leaves my face
as well as waterproof liner
then just a clean, warm cloth to remove it.
it cleans my skin really well
this jelly ball formula cuts down on waste
some say it shrinks fast
gently rub it on ouor faces
it does shrink very quickly
great cleanser, but it shrinks too fast.
then using my mia brush to lather it up
doesn't strip my skin
it foams up nicely
inventive way to wash your face daily
then washing my face
i store it in a zip lock baggy in my shower
this jelly ball takes off makeup like a dream
foams nicely once you go in with hands.
rub it on skin
lathers up really nicely
rub it all over your skin or rub it between your palms
it lathered up into a very light foam.
it really is a ball of thick gel
i really was expecting this to have light soapy bubbles
then use it along with sephora's little $6 pink silicone scrubber
fun to use and non drying of skin !
typically with clay masks
find that almost all clay masks irritate my skin
purchased the gray clay mask.
i then used a clean foundation brush to cover my entire face
i washed it off
it took a while to wash off because the texture is so creamy
other clay masks seem to dry out my skin
i used the green clay mask
smooth after using the green mask
you don't need a thick layer
it really minimized my pores
just a great simple clay mask.
like your skin is quenched
stiffness a charcoal mask gives you
from peels to scrubs to masks to wipes
i want to gush about the packaging
from the unbearably heavy to the invisibly light
hope in a jar with a dab of josie's regular argan oil
really penetrates into the skin
not crusty or cakey
it absorbs quickly as well
i love the little spoon too!
i can wear it overnight as a sleeping mask without any clogged pores on my normally troublesome skin
it glides so easily to my face
the product absorbed readily without any stickiness
i only need 2-3 spoonful
the cooling texture as you spread it on
the mask soaks into your skin
when i open mine there's usually a liquidy layer on top
this kinda "fluffs" the product up
my skin absorbs this mask amazingly.
it is not a gel mask, it is liquid.
the little spoon is hard to use
the top layer in the jar is kinda oily
background on my skin: it dries out easily
as ahas can make skin more sensitive to sunlight
it's liquidy but gel like.
then good genes then the watermelon glow mask to seal it all in
i love the little spatula because this mask is runny
the tiny spatula ensures you won't use more than you need
surprisingly dries down beautifully
goes on like jelly and dries for overnight use.
the aha brings it out to the surface
feels like you are coating your face in angel dew i swear
kind of beading up like weird jelly on my face
the product dries up into a slick layer on the face
it even comes with a little spoon
it spreads very easily
wipe this off with a warm wet washcloth
the products really absorbs into the skin.
then it really absorbs
hair up in a bun, no makeup.
the mask hydrates dry skin to leave your face soft
it dries very quickly
i love how it resurfaces the skin gently like that
it gets rid of old dead skin cells
when washing off the remaining residue
i used a brush to apply the mask.
get on your pillow
my pores were smaller
it also fades quickly
i also like the little spoon/spatula it comes with
it doesn't transfer to my pillows
the watery-gel texture is different than any other mask i've used
it sinks in nicely without pilling or peeling over the course of the night while tossing
laniege’s water bank sleeping mask to seal everything in
i’d recommend layering thinnest to thickest
it sinks in leaving your sling so silky smooth
there's still a layer of mask on my face
it absorbs super quick without any greasiness.
my pores look smaller
it dries almost instantly
doesn't have any oily residue
the lactic acid does a great job melting off the top layers of my dull tired skin
i splash it directly onto my skin
i can tell how this has helped removed the junk blocking my pores
sprinkle a few drops onto fingertips
my pores are smaller
pat it into my skin
rock my clean face
using a cotton ball absorbs all the product
my pores are reduced
it just instantly revives your skin
absorbs quickly into the skin
just a pea sized amount will cleanse your entire face so deeply that it purges your skin
does a great job on removing water resistant eye make up
the apparence of my big pores minimized a lot!
my skin is oily in the t zone with enlarged pores
it doesn’t foam/lather up too much
finishes on the nose more like an industrial cleaner
like freshly mopped work or school cafeteria
first off it slows down hormonal hair growth
it also tightens the skin
helps refine my pores while evening out the redness in my skin
read a little while it dries
soaks in very quickly
it also soothes my skin
it absorbs very quickly
i used several kinds of peels
noticed that the skin under my eyes was becoming tissue paper thin
my pores were way smaller
my pores are tight
i cut the wipes in half
it does it all: smoothes out wrinkles
this calms it down
then bare minerals makeup
doesn't seem to clog pores
my pores are shrinking
it also relieves the flaking
is more concerned with enlarged pores
goes on smooth and soaks in fast.
slow down the wrinkle process
i switched to the take a deep breath moisturizer
my pores are shrinking
how pore free it looks
non-greasy formula that absorbs instantly
doesn't take much on your fingertips to gently tap on your face
two drops of argan oil
does not respond well to thick-gloppy creams
this is a serum that i use on top of a very light cream to help retain moisture w/o causing clogged pores
peeling the way it was
it soaks in so fast & is not oily.
goes into the skin quickly
makes my pores seem smaller too
when hope is not enough smoothes out the fine lines
it absorbs instantly with no oily residue left behind
absorbs into my skin quickly
if necessary use a blotting sheet when i'm done
it gets absorb to the skin very quickly
my sensitive irish skin just soaks this up.
after a few seconds it dries
gunk of slapping a moisturizer product all over it
it isn't oily and it absorbs super fast.
i love how it absorbs into your skin
i simply rinse off my face with cold water
absorbed into my skin
absorbs quickly leaving no remnants of it having been on your face
i apply a light layer on my face before bed
a little thicker in my one dry patch
my pores are tighter
the mask comes onto the skin as a clear gel like substance
i like how laneige provided a plastic spatula with it to apply the product
this stuff nourishes my skin so much
i put on a thin layer
moist in the morning when i rinse it off
it's sinks in to the skin right away.
i always used sheet masks
this mask completely hydrates my skin without bringing out the oils
cooling when applied to the skin
it plumps up my skin
it doesn't clog up my pores
love the applicator as well.
it peels off all the time
in a light layer as balm during the day
my lips won't start to peel
also plumps thin lip quite well!!!
i exfoliated my lips
it leaves my lips plumped
i wear a lot of matte liquid lips
i tend to have dryer lips from all the products
hate using your fingers for lip balm in pots
this one comes with a little spatula
i just used my fingertip
even using a lip scrub
it helps gently lift away flakes of chapped skin
adheres to my lips all night
the jar is big and lasts long on your lips.
love the tiny spatula that came with it.
i slather this lip mask on each night before bed
as the bite mask is much thicker
i can put a thinner layer of this on my lips
you can either apply a thicker layer or just apply another thin layer to fix that
i can also apply a thicker layer before going to bed
since it fades quickly
i like to apply a thin layer on my lips during the daytime
i also appreciate that it comes with a teenie tiny spatula
don't have to use my nails
the tiniest amount makes your lips feel br
the little silicone applicator is cute
s down the best lip product for dry lips
then my lips bleed.. a lot.
i wiped off my current lip balm/eye cream mixture
it comes with a small applicator
i often use lip balm on them
love the little applicator brush too!
it melts onto your lips as the product touches them
this lip mask is perfection in a jar!!
the next day i switch to the bite agave lip mask that way i'm protecting my lips day
i've used many things to dry to get my peeling or cracked lips to moisture back up
i applied a thin layer to my lips right before going to sleep
use lip balm constantly
they heal instantly overnight
i recommend using a lip scrub beforeh
y rubbery spatula so you don't have to stick your finger in
it came with a little plastic lip swab for you to apply on
it feels like a thick lip sheet mask on your lips
it's like a soft spatula.
not sticky or waxy
it does adhere to lips great
i love the spatula it comes with...genius.
this lips mask helps mylips soft
it preps my lips before i add color.
i wear a lot of liquid matte lips due to i work at a sephora
this gives the agave bite lip mask a run for its money
it really smooths out your lips
stick to applying a fairly thin layer
really working it in with the little applicator
literally transformed my cracked bleeding dry lips after one use
it glides/melts onto to the lips very nicely
provides much needed moisture to parched lips
it's not sticky once it gets absorbed in your lips
from vaseline to jack black lip balm
this is the only product that softens
soothes my dry lips overnight
always peeling to the point it burns
the jack black lip balm
the applicator it comes with cuts through it like
then in the morning use a washcloth to gently rub the dead skin off
the result is baby smooth lips.
it comes with a super cute silicone applicator that makes application easy
very moisturizes my dry and cracked lips.
stays on my lips
sample size of laneige water sleeping mask
melts into your lips as soon as you apply it
this not only hydrates my lips completely
i like putting it on to prep for matte lippies or as a top coat for a shine with out the gross tackiness of a lip gloss
skin around my mouth
wet on the lips
no more chapped lips
every cheap lip balm
this will repair your lips.
the first time i used it i lightly exfoliated my lips
not sticky like gloss
zero problems clogging my pores
have such plump skin with 0 pores in sight
absorbs quickly without leaving any residue
the pore eraser cream
not so much the pore refining cream
the skin soaks it up pretty well
doesn't clog my pores
this hydrates my skin like heaven without making my skin feel oily at all
this product is thick
with the cute little spatula
almost water like water
adds a lot of moisture without that oily feeling
my skin soaks this up like water
it really melts into the skin
t really sinks into my skin
even comes with a spatula for more sanitary scooping
the jar is glass
the screw top cap is plastic
it absorbs right in
then i tried just applying a thin layer before bed
not oily on skin
applies like a thick night-time cream
it adsorbed within a couple minutes
my skin is oily w dry patches near my cheeks
it smooths over your face and smells incredible.
added moisture to my skin
it sinks into the skin quickly
i do think this provides the hydration my skin needs without clogging my pores or suffocating my skin
it is super lightweight and absorbs quickly!
the cream itself is a little thick
not too thick to where it would clog your pores
night with out clogging my pores
this is super light almost water like cream that absorbs super well
the heaviness of the container
it absorbs into my skin very fast
it absorbs really quickly
sinks in without any oily residue that clogs pore
delayed the peeling process
it soaks into the skin fast
absorbing into the skin
its a cream on the thicker side
brings a spatula to remove the product
avoid contaminating the cream
that when applied is absorbed easily
rather sinks in the skin
still thin enough to be soaked
this gel cream is slightly thicker
it leaves a slightly sticky residue on the skin
t spreads into my skin without feeling thick
it doesn't absorb quickly
moisturized without any residues on it
gave me clogged pores
forehead get so dry that they flake
the gel-like formula is not sticky
doesn't clog up my nose
doesn't leave an oily residue
it really melts into the skin
even out my pores
weightless on my face
i love the scent and how it absorbs into my skin!
it goes onto the skin light
my skin absorbs it quickly
won't clog your pores
the color blue of this glass container makes me want to dive right in
think pore strip coverage area
my mineral makeup doesn't flake away like it used to
the water bank cream is super lightweight
it soaks into the skin easily
the little scooper it comes with to grab product
replenished after using it
doesn't leave any sticky or oily residue
doesnt leave a sticky or greasy residue
once rubbed in it does fully absorb into the skin
it plumps my skin
it goes on the skin nicely and soaks in quickly.
it also comes with a spatula to avoid contaminating the product
it sinks into the skin and moisturizes very well.
this laneige water bank moisture cream is my new absolute favorite
the cream is not sticky
it hydrates my skin without leaving a greasy feeling
when using powder foundation
this is thick but absorbent i use this at night.
it takes a while to absorb into the skin
it helps to gently tap it into the skin like the direction says
my pores on my nose are normally huge
as it dries it tightens your skin a lot
it dried very quickly
it lathers up intensely
i love massaging this into my skin
i swear i can feel all the gunk coming out of my pores
the bubble will help to get in your pores.
its will exfoliate your skin because you can feel a little beads rubbing around your skill before it forms up
then its transition to a milky consistence then you know its time to rinse your skin with warm water
this cleansed my skin
even water resistant mascara
without drying out my skin
my pores looked smaller just from cleansing
it takes all the dirt that accumulates during my boxing sessions
the sheet was soaked with product
best for drier skin types
yellow bead in it that melt into the skin as you massage or pat it into the skin
once in a while i'm oily
or lacks enough moisture to keep my dry patches from flaking off
it's lightweight and absorbs right into the skin.
it even comes with a really cute little spatula that's magnetic to the lid
there is zero film or greasiness.
doesn't clog your pores and no reactions.
not least the magnetic lid
the actual product or the fact it comes with a magnetic spatula that attaches to the lid
it layers well with my face oil
which dries out my cheeks
it's dissolvable beads are nice
i hate dipping my fingers into my moisturizer
the plus is that it comes with a metal spatula
almost has a blurring like effect on the skin without the dimethicone
doesn't make it clump or slide off
magnetic spatula is great!
i struggle with dehydrated skin that overcompensates for the lack of moisture with excess oil
really sinks into my skin like a cream
then the moisture seems to evaporate
my skin soaks this baby up
the magnetic spatula that comes with this is genius
day if i’m more on the oily side: the pore perfecting water gel
possibly the silk or water cream depending on my skin
my pores are invisible
does not dry or harden.
increases skin expose to sun
not goopy or sticky
never really dries up like a clay mask
doesn't dry into concrete like some masks
silky smooth after you rinse it off
then rinse my face afterwards
my moisturizes and makeup glide on easily.
plastic spatula which you can use
if you use a thin layer
like an at-home peel treatment
despite its somewhat goopy texture it stays on/doesn't drip down
it rinses off very easily too
it does not clog my pores
the sun protection is wonderful to prevent aging skin
this baby transforms my skin
sun-kissed wash on my medium skin
straight out of the tube this almost looks like a runnier version of a glamglow mud product
it just soaks my skin very well
not greasy or oily or shiny.
dries down to a natural finish
little powder on my forehead
it doesn't sink into my pores or lines
legit tube lipstick was ripped off from maurice levy
the product absorbs into the skin very well
the serum does not add to the oil on my skin yet moistens it
i dont have visible pores
it absorbed very nicely
after a few minutes it soaked into my skin
it dissipates fairly quickly
it rubs on smoothly
absorbs well into the skin
once applied to the face it takes about 30secs before is absorbs into the skin
as my pores are small
my pores were less visable
obsorbed into my skin fast
it absorbs nicely into the skin
absorbs into your skin
acneic skin so this product provided a bit of moisture
it doe absorb into the skin well
absorbs well into the skin
absorbs into skin quickly
just absorbs into the skin
absorbs very nicely into my normal/combo skin
i love how quickly the serum absorbs into my skin
the double serum smooths on easily to my face
the product smooths over the face very easily
some wrinkles are also caused by dehydration in the skin so the h3 components deliver 3 different sized molecules of hylauronic acid to different parts of the cellular levels in the skin
it adsorbs easily into the skin
my pores had seriously reduced
usually collagen doesn't full absorb.
this one sinks in nicely
you won't find collagen buried near the bottom of the ingredient list
after two days of using liquid collagen i noticed the texture on my forehead
it soaks into the skin very fast
combination dry on the forehead
oilier on the nose
it works without drying my skin out
pores are visibly reduced
my pores tend to just hold onto anything too goopy
easy to spread across your skin
i then wet a face towel with warm water
this mask helps to provide my skin with water-based moisture
however the mask never fully dries down
i love the power peel
peels that don't dry
crunching or peeling it off after
the fact that it doesn't harden
doesn't strip my skin
this one somehow draws out all the impurities
without taking the moisture
the mask will dry
clean your skin further more
getting rid of the toxins from the day
my pores were diminished as well
this silt gelee is a lovely once a week mask to keep my skin clear
you notice instantly that your pores are clear
my pores are smaller
dry like most blackhead masks do
i also love the sponges that come with the mask!!
my pores are smaller
magically turns into a sponge when you wet it
this mask truly shrinks pores
i used this silt gelee as my first mask in years
i would definitely recommend trying volition's silt gelee
it instantly reduced my pores
it dries to an awesome finish that scrubs right off
only 4 stars because i don't think it cleans pores as deeply as i'd like
i really feel like it clears out my pores
i love the sponges that come with it.
it keeps my skin at bay
gets all the nooks
the pores have definitely shrunk
i don’t need to use pore-filling primers anymore after i used this
it softens, clears, and calms the skin.
shrunk my pores to reveal smoother
this gelee mask revitalizes my face and neck!
the sponges are a cool addition that helps give the skin a bit of an extra scrub
my pours are visibly smaller
after 10 minutes rinse it off skin feels cleaner
it's is a very light-weight gel that absorbs immediately into your skin
doesn't linger upon application
almost has a pore blurring effect
it's a lightweight gel that absorbs into skin easily without leaving a residue
evenly on my skin
if your light bulb moment makes the cut
it's perfect for my combination skin since it moisturizes dry area without clogging my pores or causing breakouts
this glides easily on the skin
your face will absorb it
it absorbs quickly on my
y when applying makeup it's like a clean smooth canvas
the gel is clear
this product dries and absorbs quickly.
enhancing the look of my pores
it leaves my skin moisturized without being sticky or greasy
it absorbs very well into the skin
the jar is huge
it absorbs quickly on my busy mornings
it's so light weight and it dries very quickly.
it has a gel like texture that dries fast
penetrates well into the skin without leaving it feeling wet
silicone texture that smooths effortlessly into the skin
it creates a smooth under eye surface that has really helped with preventing concealers settle into fine lines
it is really lightweight and absorbs rapidly.
the gel texture is a bit slippery
if your light bulb moment makes the cut
volition beauty's helix am/pm eye gel does wonders on my tired eyes
non-sticky eye cream
it leaves a cooling soothing sensation under the eyes leaving them smooth
absorbs into the skin quickly
this dries quickly without the flakiness of other eyegels
it absorbs quickly into the skin
in the morning- as my pot of hot coffee slowly brews- is when i dab just a bit of this cooling gel under my eyes
when i apply concealer on my eye area it glides on smoothly :
the product melts into my undereye area like a dream
creases on top of it
pop this in your fridge
i find the concealer slides off half way through the day because of the greasiness
it not only cools
smooths out the entire area leaving my concealer looking perfect throughout the whole day
it absorbs quickly and helps with my puffy eyes.
since matte bases tend to make my skin look like a cakey pastry
i really love how the jelly-texture helps de-puff my under-eyes
quickly dries for easy makeup application
glides on without irritation
the cooling sensation reduces it
the gel is absorbed immediately
it comes in a cute little glass jar easy for storing
it doesn't crease or get oily
moisture with no trace of oily
this is the only moisturizer i've found that actually hydrates my dry skin without clogging my pore or breaking me out
have combo/oily skin
smooths over other blemishes by the morning
it evens out my skin
moisture skin i ever have
my skin pigment is even
i always wake up with smaller pores
it absorbs into my skin quickly
this oil calms my skin down
it reduces dark spots and bags.
absorbs into nothing by the morning
i started using the creamy eye treatment after having a bad reaction to a charcoal mask
doesn't cause your skin or makeup to crease
absorbs into a liquid on contact with a slight brightening effect
i see less pores i love my skin in the morning
spreads easily and absorbs well.
hydrated rather than stripped like some other clay masks
i love it so much because it purifies the skin extremely well
does actually minimize the pores
clears my pores beautifully.
rely on a mask to suck out the gunk on the regular
it does a great job of pulling out toxins
my face feels so clean after i wipe it off w a warm wash cloth followed by a hydrating serum
burn or redden my skin
it sinks beautifully into the skin
effective in removing dirt
no breakouts even with the heat and sweat!
it doesnt leave a greasy thick film on the face
for waterproof make up
it foams on the skin
you have to put a thicker layer on
i've tried other dark spot removers
melts into your skin without leaving any kind of residue or sticky feeling
you can feel your pores being cleaned out.
it tends to leave me moist rice
drying out your skin
then wash off with water
it melts everything off!
does a good job at cleaning out your pores
a light layer at night if my skin is acting up
it completely smoothes out your skin
it smoothes my skin and blurs my pores.
using it overtime, it does minimize my pores.
blurring, oil controlling, and just great.
this gel cleared out my skin completely
have texture on my forehead
it's what gets down to your epidermis
instead of a cleanser that just cleans the top layer of skin
it snows onto my nose
pores are less noticeable
i'd recommend this to anyone with oily/combo skin or people with large pores
enlarged pores on my cheeks
i lathered the product all over my face
i oily/combination skin
completely cleared my skin
my pores are significantly smaller-nearly invisible-
neostratas glycolic renewal have almost fully smoothed out my skin
my skin is no longer peeling
it glides on easily and absorbs so well.
oily on the forehead
breakouts without drying me out
my pores seam smaller
the texture is a lightweight gel dries rather quickly on the skin
to some it can cause dryness because of the type of acids it contains
works well and sinks into skin well.
best serum to that minimizes pore size
it tightens up the skin really nicely
make sure you exfoliate in the morning so you can slough off all the dead skin cells
my pores are getting smaller
i dabbed a bit extra on
it smoothes out the texture
my pores get clogged with dead skin
my pores are looking tighter
this really helps to minimize them because it smooths my skin so nicely
this treatment tightens skin
clears up breakouts overnight
resulting in large pores
my pores are shrinking
turns skin over a bit too fast for my pores
hence blocking my pores on my nose
lets other ingredients get deeper into my skin like retinol
great to use mixed with body lotion to get the dead skin cells off of your legs
my skin soaks up the gel beautufully after
i follow with origins nightamins with no issues of clumping or balling of the gel
i pat the gel into my skin
finally i got rose petal toner
micro derma abrasion were the saving grace of my face
cellular turnover that my pores in this already breakout prone are to clog much quicker
hips all have tiny white bumps that are filled with skin cells that cant shed properly
a little bit with pores too
don't glob it on
rather cover the face in a thin layer
not vomit inducing but not pleasant.
i went to sephora to look for something to minimize my pores
my pores are 60% smaller
this shrinks my pores
sinks into the skin very nicely
sinks into my skin well
not greasy, and absorbs quickly.
i love that it gets absorbed quickly
it absorbs into my skin fairly quickly
it absorbs quickly and feels luxurious.
it smooths all dry patches
it feels thick at first absorbs so well.
makes my oily skin oiler :(
this cream calms my face, without drying it out.
i keep this jar
not only does it keep my skin from getting dried out it also reduces the redness
peeling on my face
i wad highly reluctant as creams break out my skin
this cleared up my dry skin
it takes away the flakiness
it melts into the face.
moisturize my fave without causing
soaking in to the skin
my skin doesn't soak it up.
absorbs into your skin so there is not thin layer still sitting on your face like other moisturizers
bits of texture on my skin
i love how it absorbs easily too.
it sinks into the skin very nicely with leaving a gross residue
i take a tiny bit of powder
just dust or dab over the shiny areas to tone it down after i put my beauty balm on
i get dry around my nostrils very easily
absorbs right into your skin
helps out my dry skin
my nose in particular is scaly and flaking off.
it dissipates quickly at least
i used a face wash that drained my skin
really absorbs into my skin
since it is thicker
nurture me absorbs so well
soaks right in very quickly
it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin so soft.
it absorbs fairly quickly
this moisturizer melts into my skin
sensitive skin along with rosacia that often becomes flushed
soaks into skin super quickly
that dissipates pretty quickly after i put it on
it melts into skin with no oily residue
this cream just melts away in my skin!
love the way it soaks into my skin
it melts into your skin
goes on smoothly with great absorption
it dries out my breakouts
it cleanses pretty deeply
it foams up nicely which i love
not stripped of moisture or irritated
this product literally melts away make up
the make up disappears.
it's gentle but it cleans deeply.
it throughly removes it without leaving my skin dry
doesn't strip my skin off moisture
it cleanses and rinses off easily.
pores are far less visible
it leaves my skin moist
lathers really well in your fingers.
i then follow with the ole grease relief tonic on a single cotton pad to remove last traces of makeup
even deep into pores
not a stitch of dirt left after using this product
cleanses thoroughly without drying
is easy to rinse off of skin
it works perfectly with my clarisonic because it foams up perfectly
smoothing it as well
it keeps my blemish prone t-zone under control without drying out my cheeks
it cleans without drying
it has low lather
lathers or foams well on your face
the liquid is thick
it is less foamy now
cleanses my face without drying it out.
washes all my face
i love using this along with the walnut scrub mask once a week
this product cleans thoroughly
perfect with the clarisonic brush.
the bottle lasts forever
once you emulsify it with some water
fully cleans even mascara off
it has a nice thick lather
other extracts instantly brighten up dullness
found it too drying
dry around my cheeks
it cleans very well
a small dap generates tons of lather
once applied the gel feels rich + thick then foams when it comes into contact with water
broken capillaries as well
cleans well without over drying.
i've notice my pours are smaller my skin is less oily
it produces a nice rich lather that cleans your face with over drying it
clears up her little imperfections in 1 day.
foams wonderfully with the precision pore cleansing pad
this keeps my skin from drying out
this also deep cleans
it gives a cooling sensation
i can barely even see my pores so this moisturizer definitely minimized my pores
i love this product: it absorbs well
it completely cleared up the dry patch
gross daily peel pads
smoothes out my skin
this sinks into the skin
smooths out my face for my makeup
this clears up the dark spots from previous extracted acne
didn't want to block my pores
as it absorbs quickly
my dry skin just soaks it in
the smallest dab makes them smooth
i love that this did not clog my pores
not constantly mixing with my fingers
it also sinks right into my skin
my pores even seen smaller when i use it
soaks in very quickly
it's light weight and dries matte.
clogging my pores or feeling heavy
leaves my skin nicely moisturized with only a small amount
blends into skin very easily
smooths the canvas for makeup application
i actually think it helps minimize my pores.
almost like applying orange peels to the face
adds just the right amount of moisture under my bb cream
the product will soak into your skin
it absorbs really well
it really plumps up the skin
my pores seem smaller under makeup
it dries very quickly after rubbing it on which is nice
it dries pretty fast
i would apply it to cleansed
it absorbs in seconds
absorb into my skin in
it doesn't burn the skin
one pump covers face
seamlessly into my skin
the serum absorbs well
it tingles, is cooling, and absorbs quickly.
it really soaked into my skin
it absorbs into the skin beautifully
gets absorbed into the skin real good
gets soaked in very well
become ineffective with exposure to light/sunlight over time
it is not runny at all
tightens my skin which is an annoying mix of oily
i wash my face with ole's walnut scrub
my skin eats this stuff up
absorbs into the skin well
it is fast absorbing
my skin has a flow but not a shine.
is absorbed very quickly
i also like the texture of the serum because it is not too thick or runny
it absorbs into the skin so fast and amazing!
its not sticky or oily it hydrates the skin too
it soaks right into my skin
it absorbs quickly into your skin
dab it around your face
it soaked into my skin within 30 sec
also reduces pore size
this instantly reduced my skin's oiliness without drying out my skin
it dries quickly and to a nice mat finish.
keeps my makeup from melting
this calms my skin down a lot
perfect for oily and dry skin
it absorbs quickly you can slather on or just use a dab
as i found the product to be evaporating even with the lid on tight
my nose can be an oil slick
keeps my greasy skin under control
using this helps them fade faster
provides an abundance of hydration without making your skin oily or greasy
the grease relief toner
it keeps my skin moist all day but not oily.
this one actually absorbs into my skin
absorbs the excess oils
it's easy to layer, and dries quickly.
love how this cream moisturizes my skin without causing me to break out
10% could soak up a gallon of moisture
prevents it from getting oily latter in the day
my pores are smaller
i finally found my daytime moisture cream
it absorbs like a gel
my oily skin is slowly become less oily.
absorbs quick without being to mattifying
absorbs perfectly i could just keep applying to even the moist oily parts of my face
i initially tried the dennis gross hyaluronic moisture cushion as i was a big fan of his acne clearing pads
very dry on the cheeks
my skin dries out
it's also thicker than the sheer transformation cream i used to use
it goes easily into the skin
gives just the right amount of moisture
smoothing some texture issues i have on my cheeks which i am totally pumped about
quick to absorb into skin
this is a light weight moisturizer that does absorb quickly without making my skin oily
it also absorbs quickly.
this hasn't caused that or plugged my pores
it moisturizes so that my skin doesn't flake when i put on foundation
or drying it out
or making it flake
using oil blotting pads a few times a day solves my oiliness sufficiently
despite being a thicker cream
oily t-zone/ dry cheeks
the water at her place mixed with the dryness dried out my skin
this new jar had a thick almost spongy feel to it
it dries as a matte finish
foundation goes on evenly
it absorbs quickly and doesn't leave a film.
not at all oily and soaks right in.
it calms down my skin
just the right amount of moisture!
oily on the nose
didn't clog my pores
provides all-day moisture despite the salt water
awesome, creamy but absorbs quickly
it really melts in smooth into my skin
it totally refreshes my face when applied
this cream absorbs oil without drying or greasy feeling
it absorbs very nicely
even when the retin a has dried my skin to the point of cracking
peeling my forehead looks like a mirror
s warm product by gently rubbing between your fingertips
it locks in moisture
bit oily first applied on
hoe it minimized my pores
this plumps out my skin
good to put overtop retinol
once it warms to your fingers
i read a few reviews about the product being waxy
thick before make up application
i rub my palms together to warm it up
which i then refrigerate
i love this moisture.
it didn't aggravate my pores at all
it really smooths on nicely
i just rub my finger over the cream
because of that my skin dehydrates terribly.
then apply a loose dusting of powder
i rubbed the top to "melt" it enough to apply to my forehead
its a very thick cream
dry plus electric heat in my house
absorbs quickly leaving skin soft as
every time the pollen kicks up in texas i rub my eyes raw
when the pollen is heavy
gently press it on your skin
the correct way to help it absorb is to just scoop a little onto your fingertips or h
s together to melt the cream
then gently press into your skin
very light layers at a time to cover my dry areas
this creme is on the thicker side
it glides on thick at first
nothing is a better barrier to the aging effect of dry air
that clogged my pores
it's greatest feature is that it banishes dry skin
it absorbs pretty fast
calms your skin at the same time
moisturises without causing breakouts
the product is snow white
there are weird crystals around the screw top
at the top of the jar there is a thicker cream
put a fingertip amount of hope in a jar on my finger
no flaky or dry patches
it soaks into my skin so nicely
plus, it is very light and absorbs quickly.
it absorbs nicely on your face
fluffy your skin will literally 'drink' it in thereby rehydrating
it absorbs into your skin quickly
it reminds me so much of hair dye
nourishes my dry skin
blends into the skin well
keeps my skin moisture for like 20 hours.
my pores clog super easily
it absorbs rather quickly
it absorbs really fast
absorbs quickly as well
it feels light and absorbs quickly.
soaks in faster than any other lotion i have tried
there is minimal oil residue
soaks right into the skin.
it also absorbs quickly.
greasy it soaks up fast
it absorbs super fast
it has minimized my pores
made my pores look much smaller
my face becomes oily
my pores look huge/clogged
my pores look tighter
my pores have vanished
as it's so smoothing
high skin cell turn over
my pores are smaller
the former product made my pores huge
this one dissipates fine lines just as well
my pores also are less visible
it helps blemishes to disappear quickly
my pores are smaller
it shrinks my pores
i apply a very thin layer of it every night.
my pores are dramatically minimized
it dries the skin
clears up my skin
it smooths out fine lines within 1 month.
my pores are tighter
i find it works best to use a few pea-sized blobs
it helps cut down on my oiliness.
it has just the right amount of retina-a to improve my skin without over-drying
absorbs much quicker than heavy eye creams
it dries down pretty fast
this serum completely smoothed
dries out my skin
i found out that the eye gel is super lightweight
accidentally out of pure forgetfulness
at least make the container translucent
comes out like a thin cream
i've dabbed oils around my eyes before
hydrates my under eyes to perfection
extra moisture around my eyes
lifts my eyelid skin
makes my eyeliner on my waterline run
lightly rub them together
lightly dab it under my eye
the gel is packed with a pump instead of a jar
the bottle has a float inside which rises with the use of the gel
gel glides on smooth and hydrates eyes well
it sucked the moisture in and my skin felt tight.
then apply the lotus eye gel in the morning
it adds moisture and helps sooth puffy eyes.
i'll finish this eye gel
fades away as quickly as the formula absorbs
doesn't irritate my skin or eyes
takes a little time to absorb
radiance onto your skin
absorbs quickly leaving my under-eyes soft
easily absorbed, but not nutrient-rich for me.
lifted my eye lids
this purifies without drying the skin- a very gentle
cleans out my pores.
love this mask for my oily
i can see it tugs out the oil by being lighter where my pores are
because the brush tends to soak up all the product
these little bumps/clogged pores i couldnt get rid of
unlike many clay masks
once your skin starts producing its own moisture
softly helps remove dry skin/flakes
i get huge pores
my pores look smaller
i cleansed my face
helped absorb the oils
diminishes pores and gets rid of excess oil.
pimple size reduces drastically after just one application before bed
this mask works best to bring out all the dirt from clogged pores
it dries on the face
feels milky as you wash it off
dry on my cheeks
pores are more refined
my pores on my nose/cheeks are gone
this mask really shrinks the size of the pimples
i got the umbrian clay mattifying mask in a set
kind of like gravel dust
reduces the look of pores
won't strip my skin of moisture
it smoothed out my skin
got rid of my huge pores
huge pores on their skin
this mask tightens my skin
shrinks any breakouts i have
using the spatula that comes along with it
quick review: i've had huge pores
cleans out my pores so well
it sucks all of your impurities out of the skin
this mask certainly purifies in a super gentle mode
this mask has a very thin liquid texture
this is one of the first clay masks i've used that really draws my impurities to the surface making treatment of the blemishes much easier
no pore pinching and digging!
it is always wonderful to find a mask that purifies without causing dry patches
really clean- dries evenly and quickly.
it really dries out your existing acne
the sephora mud mask helps with pulling out extra oil
tried the fresh clay mask
matte after using it
it have oily skin
this tightens my pores around my t-zone
nourishes my dryer areas
once i washed it off the pimples just seem a bit engorged
pores in my oily t-zone do look smaller
it diminishes the size of your pimple overnight
i used origins checks/balances wash
comes with a nice little spatula
saves my oily, acneic skin over and over again.
purified my pores in the short amount of time it recommends to wear it
i usually use glamglow in the white jar
i could feel my pores tighten up
when i use this mask, i felt prickling.
it works wonderfully to minimize my pores
i like that it comes with the applicator stick as well to keep your fingers from contaminating the container
i've used the super mud in the past
without leaving a residue on my face cloth
it cleared my pores
wiped any oiliness right off
smoothed out my skin
pores looked noticeably smaller
i started having issues with clogged pores
glides on the skin easily
after applying a thin layer
the mask also washes of easily with a warm
i can see that it draws oil from my pores
my pores have minimized in size
it is like a magnet for sucking out my blackheads
others popped out of my pores
then i'll use a biore pore strip
my pores and skin feel amazing after.
layering it on evenly
it will also bring the pimple to a head to allow for extraction
it tightens up my pores
drys up any blemishes or white heads without drying out my skin
it drys the spots out, without irritation.
love how it takes the oils out of my pores
it does tend to draw out impurities
it dries out your acne areas.
i generally use it on my nose instead of pore strips
it dries quickly once applied
pores on my nose are clearer too.
caudalie's creams literally the only ones that my skin accepts
great for combination skim
it soaks in well
doesn't get completely absorbed into the skin
20-25 mins to dry on my oily skin
actually helps heal it faster
the tube is small
press on face outwards
winter's a struggle to keep moisture in.
my skin was literally peeling
hydrates my skin over night without breaking me out
combination skin that burns easy
it absorbs quickly into the skin
smooth without being sticky
i like the intense moisture rescue cream
i've had no problems with clogged pores or over use
gets rid of dry patches caused by the winter air
unsense, quickly absorb, no oily,
does not clog pores or cause my skin to breakout
i read gwynth paltrow's review in goop
the cream goes on evenly
somewhat dry after showers
it really penetrates deep without the film
i used around a teaspoon to a whole heaping tablespoon
slather it all over my face
clogged pores if the moisturizer is oily
it absorbs sooo quickly
appears firmer along with a great moisture
this serum when applied onto the problem area moisturizes
doesnt clog pores at all.
a decrease in the number of enlarged pores
at $40 for a small tube
actually moisturizes without leaving my skin shiny
i would slather it on my entire body
not sticky and absorbs quickly.
it smoothes my makeup
it doesn't clog my pores or cause breakouts
it says to use a cotton pad
shower poofs pretty easily
leaves damaged skin smoother
it doesn't strip my skin
this cleans skin gently
effectively without stripping it of oils
i used it with a cotton pad
if you like foamy washes
then go over my face again with a toner to remove the remaining residues
this calms my skin
it goes gentle with your lashes
non-drying and preserves sensitive skin!
cleanses effectively without stripping your skin
splitting from drying out
my skin reacts well to it
it does not foam or bubble
pat dry with a towel after using this cleanser to remove the oily residue it leaves on my skin
wipes off make-up
its not foamy at all
oily skin feel like a greasy slick
for my severely dry skin i need a ton of moisture
gravitate towards cleansing milks
plumped up with moisture
my face was a cakey mess!
one or two splashes of water is all you need
absorbed into skin well
cleanses without being harsh
impurities to the cotton pad away from your skin
i never use soap on my face as it dries my eyelids out
moisturized without any complicated regime
a milky texture with zero foam
doesn't foam, so it won't over-dry skin.
good at removing impurities after a day out
i like how it lathers
clean the skin well without over drying!
usually purifying my pores requires me to sacrifice the moisture of my skin
lathers nicely on wet skin.
bottle is small and pump is smooth.
helps clean my very oily, greasy skin.
it cleans really well
cleanse without drying out your skin.
it simply cleans all the gunk off my face
cleansed at the same time
its been drying my face out
it removes the make up effortlessly
it gets rid of dirt
it doesn't strip the oils
nor one i have to swirl in for a couple of minutes before rinsing
cleans skin quickly and feels fresh.
doesn't irritate my sling
rub with fingers on my forehead
it definitely removes the dead skin
once it starts removing the dead skin it may feel like a dirty gum glue texture
it cleans my skin very well
combination skin with dry patches
without drying it out
it cleans my skin without over drying
even several layers of eyeliner
creates so many suds
it deeply cleans your face *squeeky clean* without over drying
cleans my skin without drying it out.
with the konjac sponge
i love that it foams up
my face feels like silk after washing
lathers up really well
combats oiliness so well
i don't mind the applicator.
cleans completely without drying skin.
cleanses my skin well without stripping it
follow up with the gel
balance out the drying properties of a gel
minimized the look of pores
it foams up into a great lather
pores seem to be less visible
want a gentle face wash that cleans deep
it is a little drying
dry like other facial washes
has no odor and rinses easily.
only it's clear/whitish
doesn't heat up on the skin
i've gone through about 5 tubes
the rubber tip leaks out of the sides
i quickly dab some of this willow bark treatment
willow bark is converted in the body into salicylic acid
to avoid contaminating the applicator tip with bacteria
all of the black text on the second tube started to flake off
the blemish never actually surfaces
calm gel cools any outbreak overnight
sometimes i'll apply another thin layer.
drying them out quickly
it eliminates my acne quickly without drying out my skin
in the pump bottle
with the easy applicator
clears up skin breakouts quickly
it clears up breakouts pretty quickly
it is also good to put on a popped pimple as it soothes it nicely
this one is gentle and non-drying.
unfortunately one surfaces now
this product soothes my skin
zero irritation or stinging
eliminates my pimples quickly
it dries up pimples overnight
blemishes disappear quickly and no stinging.
it not only calms
it cools the breakout area when you apply it
on occasion this treatment dries out my skin a bit on my nose
or it will peel off as a gel mask would
just dab it on to a forming blemish
gentle formula shrunk my breakouts
flaking is also nice
this willow bark treatment worked so effectively
it absorbs into your skin
it disappears without a blemish
it sinks into the skin quickly
this line helps restore moisture to my skin
softens skin all day
not feel sticky or melt into the eyes
my eyelids were raw
was a little oily drying that period
i love this for the morning as it absorbs quickly
absorbant on my skins
my eyes get dry flakey patches which make eyeshadow application impossible
smooths out non deep lines without harsh chemicals or adding to the acids etc already used in regimens
it moisturizes dry skin well and dries quickly.
easily absorbs into the skin
the consistency is not runny
it absorbs really well, not oily.
use your ring finger and gently pat it on.
hydrates and helps with dark circles.
soaks right in & really does the trick.
puffiness which this totally eliminates
absorbs nicely while leaving just enough on the surface of the eye area to give it a glow of moisture
it is lightweight and easily absorbing.
a lot of creams end up stinging causing patchy red skin that peels
helps with both dry under eye skin
i tend to use a thicker eye cream at night
absorbs into skin very easily
it is silky, lightweight and does absorb quickly.
also, feels firmer without drying!
it absorbs fairly quickly.
it absorbs so quickly i'm able to apply my boscia moisturizer immediately afterward
it hydrates without burning a giant hole in my wallet
it really just takes a dab
moisture this way as well
how it reduces bags
it leaves me so moist and soft around the eyes.
my typically oily skin has become dry/combo
breaks my skin out
feels like fluffy clouds on the skin
enough grease to compete with a diner
glides on without any sticky feeling
it doesn't clog my pores either which is a big plus
absorbs amazingly into the skin
my oily parts at bay
the drier your skin
second i rub it into m my skin my face becomes instantly dewy
it absorbs quickly, non-greasy.
it mattes out after soaking in fully
a few dabs in the summer
this sinks in quickly
i put a thin layer at night
after using my clarisonic brush
dry on the cheeks
i love how this absorbs quickly
absorbs so quickly on the skin
it also absorbs quickly
this actually doesn't clog my pores
gets all my leftover eyelash glue
it sinks in well
it softens your skin
i've tried numerous types of face wash
my pores are now less visible
it cleanses pores really well
especially my nose where o tend to get a loot of sebum build-up
this cleanses my skin without being overly stripping
i love using this with a foam net to make it a nice marshmallow foam
about a nickel size dollop of product to remove makeup
you won't see a speck of makeup on a white towel
i did find a very strong soapy taste would seep into my mouth
cleans skin thoroughly without causing excess oil or drying it out
this product explodes in my bag
clean it's minimized my pores
no dry flakes/patches
cleans my skin leaving it soft
it thoroughly and gently cleanses the skin.
cleans well without leaving a residue or over-drying
pleasant fragrance that dissipates quickly after rinsing
when i exfoliated afterwards
it gets rid of all of the residue
my only issue is that i like leathery face washes
it is a liquid soap with a slick consistency.
it left my face with a film upon first rinse.
used a little warmer water on the second rinse
it's not oily and hasn't clogged my pores.
/or oily skin like mine
cleans my face well
it gently removes make up
just a quarter sized dab removes every single layer of mascara
that is easily removed with the light touch of a q-tip or towel
it was really peeling
it cleanses without drying
cleans the pores well
cleans everythign off - even my foundation.
gel consistency - doesn't foam or lather.
still effectively cleaned my skin
it gently cleans your skin
prevents pimples for me without drying my skin which is huge
it cleans my skin thoroughly
t's not that i have it caked on
chin if too much sebum is left around
this gel rinses cleanly and feels great!
everything irritates my face
usually stress over washing my face
a tiny droplet cleans even the toughest makeup
this face wash is a delight!
keeps my skin smiooth without drying out
it keeps my pores tight
i would recommend it to anyone with enlarged pores
this produce works well on my reddened skin.
it cleanses without irritating.
it takes off the daily grime
not drying and keeps breakouts to a minmum.
you just use a dab
really helps with those pores
it instantly relieves skin irriation
i get tons of compliments on my skin
it creates a foamy wash that removes make-up
dirt with out drying your skin
absorbs into the skin quickly
it doesn't make it worse or clog my pores
prevent further sun damage
dries well into the skin with no greasiness or tightening
it also gradually diminishes my sun spots
this bottle is called an "airless pump."
the bottom of the bottle is drawn up like a piston
this limits oxygen exposure
because the circular piston fits tight to the cylindrical bottle
this bottle minimizes waste
it doesn't clog my pores
definitely quenches my skins thirst for moisture
it absorbs very well
it melts in easily
evenly without feeling greasy
pore perfect cover up
have large pores on either side of my nose
swipe any excess on chin
my pores grow huge again when it is out of stock.
this is my favorite by far for minimizing pores.
giant pores on my nose
my huge pores are definitely smaller
ugly uneven skin from the benzoyl peroxide
my pores are less visible
my pores are no longer clogged
seems effective so far in unclogging my pores in general
really shrinks your pores
the way just one pump easily glides over your entire face
some people have naturally bigger pores
my pores look cleaner
it doesn't make the pores go away
reduces my pore size dramatically
this pore minimizer really works to reduce the appearance of large pores
my pores are visibly smaller.
pores around my nose are obvious
nothing works to my pores
does what it says, reduces pore size.
my pore are shrinking my skin is looking refined
this product actually improves the pores
my pores are large
large pores that even the most expensive facials can't budge
it also eases the camouflage under my foundation.
the filminess it leaves on my fingers after application
i've already noticed that my pores
the pores are less noticeable
dried my skin out more
my skin has visible pores
my pores have visibly
i can see a difference in my pores
most other "extractors" might clear my pores
then the oil gushes freely
my t-zone stays significantly shine free without over-drying or peeling like other pore/blemish treatments
over time i have found that i use other blackhead extractors less
my smaller pores stay clear with minimal effort.
my pores less noticeable
this is one of many products i have tired for minimizing pores
this also shrinks the pores too
still had a few blocked pores
did shrink the larger pores i did have
this product does not diminish the appearance of pores
it dislodges the excessive dirt build-up at the surface of the pores
humongous dark pores on my cheeks
smaller pores in the daytime
blackheads go away, pores shrink.
reduces the appearance of pores
i come from a family that has large pores
some pores on my nose have even had actual " plugs" of the stuff that was clogging the pore come out
my pores literally look much smaller
this product does make my pores appear to be smaller
i've tried the ddf pore minimizer
i've tried a few pore minimizers
the pores on my nose now appear smaller
the pores around my nose
it makes my makeup go on smoother on my nose where i have the largest pores
although your pores don't completely shrink up
the directions say to apply to a cleansed face that is dry
it makes my pores appear smaller
my pores have shrunken significantly since i've started using this product
it makes my pores look almost non-existant.
it really tightens up the skin
i only put it on the tiny part of my face that gets oily/has visible pores
my pores looked smaller.
the oiliness was reduced.
my pores seem smaller
smooths on quickly and is non greasy.
it does lessen the look of pores
my pores seem smaller
40+ years of large pores
sulfer mask at same time
peel works great too.
it literally shrinks pores in order to stop any moisture from breaking through
spider veins around my nose
does not leave a gummy or sticky residue
dry when the weather cooled off
it does reduce your pores and dries quickly.
do notice my pores are smaller
i see that there is no sebum in the pores
the pores should be minimized
keeps my pores clean
it calms it down to stop producing more oil that sits on my pores
i noticed an instant minimizing in pores.
my pores returned to their normal size
i hate my pores.
but otherwise - it rocks!
pores have minimized on my cheeks
any product that helps clean out my pores earns my props
i've noticed that the gunk in my pores is coming to the surface
the pores look better
it makes my pores look smaller
i could spent 10 minutes squeezing white stuff out of my nose pores
my pores appear much smaller
after trying 8 other products claiming to reduce the size of pores
put the product into a regular jar instead of the pump jar
skins into my skin immediately
it's oily in the t zone, and dry on my cheeks.
twice daily to freshly clean
see how it reacts with your skin first
doesn't feel greasy when it dries
a peel which left her face very dry
oily t-zone with dry cheeks
even the clinque redness solution ended up clogging my pores
soothe skin almost immediately
very dry on the cheeks
the pump system keeps the jar bacteria-free
germs i don't need
it calms my skin
this is the only cream i've found that cools
even the pump-top jar is cool
my skin was a mess - red cheeks with dry patches.
this stuff absorbs into your skin without being oily
i think it was clogging my pores a bit
sensitive skin are more succeptable to broken capillaries
i got my brows waxed at anastasia
tend to breakout when i use new products that clog my pores
it does not take out the broken veins
certainly reduces the red flaring that i get
don't slather it on
its light and absorbs quickly.
lift the undereye area
i apply one side wet to damp skin
i too use a foundation brush
cleaning your face from dirt
swirl it on the clay bar
as time progresses the mask hardens
gunk up to the surface
cleaning out my pores
helps with my oily face
i just moisten 1 side
easily wash it off
then use that to apply to face using your fingers
have combination oily skin
it pulls all the gunk out of my face
it rinses off easily
this is literally a $40 block of clay
there is no foam
it isn't very foamy because its made of clay.
so the way i use it is i use a face wipe to wipe my make up off first then i put a couple droplets of water onto my clearsonic spin brush
makes your pores invisible
sensitive skin that also peels a lot
this mask tames my breakouts
it seems to suck all the gross stuff out of my pores
burned my skin on my fingers because of the ingredients
pores on my nose
i really like how it treats my pores.
this product has shrunk my pores
made drier parts of my face a little oilier
it works wonders for cleaning out my pores
i typically had oily skin
keep it in a plastic travel soap dish with a removable lid
then rub the surface of the bar in circular motions
as thin or thick a layer as you like
everything that treats the acne dries out my skina nd it becomes flaky
cheeks that weren't on the surface
wet the end of the clay bar
immediately after rinsing it off the pimple is a lot smaller than it was
it leaves my pores like a dream
scrub with the bar
it pulls black heads & impurities to the surface.
the next morning my pores look cleaner
this is not a thick goopy mask
quick drying layer that is easy to rinse off
yoy can actually see clay pulling oil out of your pores as it dries
a small block of clay at that
origins charcoal mask was hard to rinse off
my face feels soft and helps reduce pores.
i pour some warm water on a corner of the clay
i will spray my face with the rose water toner whenever the clay dries
the clay soothes my skin
the rose water helps with soothing my skin as well
it will melt in the shower.
t-zone or basically only where i'm experiencing clogged pores
it also helps reduce the size of my pores
or the blemish disappears altogether
apply with my fingers
impurities soaking out of your poors
when i rinse, my skin is soft, smooth, and clear!
(so it doesn't "melt!
all impurities in the skin
clinique moisture surge intense
really dries out those oily patches without irritating
this product helps keep my skin clear without drying
i love that it cleans my skin and expholiates.
it dries the second after you wet it
i clean my skin with wipes
then i use the clay as a mask by applying it lightly
leaving it on my skin until it dries
the umbrian clay bar is *perfect*- 1
there are particles/granules in it
the directions say to apply to rinsed skin
also the bar dissolves a hit each time i use it in the shower
my pores look smaller
which normally it regains oils after about 15 minutes with a regular face wash
it draws all the impurities out of your skin without being drying
let the clay dry before rinsing it off
this mask cleans out my pores miraculously
my pores are smaller
washes off with just water
best way to apply is just drop a few drops of water onto the surface
swirl it around to turn into a thin paste
this magical clay bar has cleared my minimal blemishes
pores are noticeably smaller
it is clay and will dissolve with moisture.
this clay mask is amazing.
soak up excess oil with out over drying my face
i apply after washing my face by running warm water on the bar soften the bar
it forms the paste
then i let it dry for 5 mins before i rinse
it really does help minimize pores
refine my complexion without drying it out like with conventional clay masks
reduce oil without over-drying my skin
also exfoliates leaving my face soft
i leave it on while i brush my teeth so the clay dries
the clay dries my skin out
this is the only product i've ever tried that reduces the size of my pores
i wet my finger
put the wet clay on my face
rally reduces oil and shine, calms the skin.
to rub the bar on the wet one to create a paste
i think of it as a clarifying mask to sooth my skin before bed
moisture balanced skin with out irritation
just a bar make of clay.
just a bar with clay
cause the clay particles can be rough
it's clearing my skin up nicely
letting the product dry as a mask
one can see the evidence of oil being extracted from pores
the bar will utimately fragment into smaller pieces
putting a binder in the bar to keep it together would contaminate one's skin
i would wet my finger tips
my natural face oil is tamed
sometimes i mix the lather with a grainy scrub
my pores look smaller
i just wet my fingers
then rub the paste onto my face to make a mask
dry before washing it off
which brings everything under the skin to the surface
then rub on bar to get some clay
i remove with a warm wash cloth until the cloth doesn't show anymore clay
rub the bar directly onto your face
let it dry out on a soap tray, no melting!
my pores looked tighter after.
my pores are visibly smaller
to remove some of the clay
apply this clay to my face
it helps tighten up my pores
calms my irritated skin
swell up for 20 mins
rinses off very easily
work a smaller lather at a time applying to face
soaking the bar causes it to somewhat melt
pink- i burn very easily-
i just wet my fingertips
place the "slime" on my face-
tip: i just wet the palm of my h
this also slightly foams up for me
it's glides right onto the skin.
purity tends to win since it lathers more
your white towel will be white
your eyes won't burn
i feel like it rebalances my skin every morning
it's gentle enough to wash off my eyelids
its melts my make up off
it cleanses your face so well.
gave glue stuck in my lashes that's a pain to take out
it clears with water really fast
it removes my foundation
it cleanses the oil in my oily areas
it refreshes and calms the skin.
even gently removing my mascara
dry patches around my mouth
"cleansing chemical peel mask" really messed up my face
it cleaned my skin without over drying it
is more prone to clogged pores
without being stripped of all its natural moisture
need a quick rinse before bed
no clinging to dry patches or flakes or anything.
eye makeup without stripping my skin of moisture
everything to combat my areas of oiliness
hydrates your face after the first use
not dried out like other washes
it is a gigantic tube
the "cooling" feeling begins
it's definitely a deep cleansing mask
you can actually see it drawing oil out of your pores as it dries
gunk from way deep in your skin
see how it resurrects my skin
easily glides on to make a thin layer
you see the oil from each pore being absorbed into the clay
i could literally see it pulling out oil from my pores
there is a strong eye watering cooling sensation
oil in my skin
like it actually seeped through
my pores are definitely smaller
rinsed then had to put foundation on
i will say after rinsing my skin it was dyed red from the mask color still
after 5 mins it wears off
you can see the oil pulling our of your pores
it gets so deep in your pores it's incredible.
dirt from my pores
it really brings all of the gunk out of my skin.
the downside is that this mask burns when first applied
it gets ride of back heads and minimizes pores.
doesn't flake/peel after it dries
i found that it really brings out gunk in my pores
it dries up very quickly on your skin
leaves the skin soft and super cleaned.
it does tingle when first applied
my skin is soft and it really shrunk my pores.
combination oily/normal skin which occasionally breaks out
after one use my pores looked tighter
as it says on the tube
it certainly gets into my pores
it dries without flaking
it opens pores without overdrying
it doesn't stain my towels or shirt
do a chrome dome mask
no more shaving bumps or clogged pores.
virtually no pores except some on my nose
i would rank it as the best for reducing excess sebum on your nose
my skin is semi-oily
clears out the pores
to resist the oil before
my friend introduced me to anthony’s deep pore cleansing clay which is an amazing product
it dries very quickly
cleans out my pores flawlessly
his pores have cleared out
this clay mask really tingles
it is a kind of thinner clay mask so u need to layer a bit more
with a steaming towel over the face for a few minutes this mask really makes it easier to extract blackheads
this clay goes on cool after a freshly cleasned face
you can feel the clay go in bewteen the layers skin deep into the pores to remove oil
its time to rinse with warm water
this is a great clay mask.
takes about 10 mins to get cleaner
it is very drying
it keeps his skin matte, but not dried out.
wipe it off with a cucumber wipe
i've tried other clarins face washes
or irritated after washing it
i really like the suction aplication technique
creamy texture prevents skin from drying
also gently exfoliate dead skin cells
gunk pulls off from your face onto your palms
i then rinse off
afterwards my pores are reduced
takes away all the impurities
after applying, the skin is clean and silky.
it loosens it enough for me to just lightly dab a cotton round with a little bit of eye makeup remover over my eyes
better in that it also cleans effectively
very softening, smoothing type of clean.
oily areas in your face
it removes the day's debris completely
pat into my skin
no, you don't get mounds of suds.
really rub/pat it into my skin
my urban decay all nighter setting spray after makeup
my very oily skin calms down
it absorbs the oil around my nose
it keeps my oily/combo
this stuff disperses quite a bit with minimal product
it soon melts into an oil like moisturizer
then dries down to a natural matte finish
the matte soaks up any oil
it blurs and perfects without needing pigment.
keeps my oily areas matte
it absorbs so quickly into your skin
leaves little to no residue
it fades off very quickly
this is the first cream that has removed any flakiness or crumbly dryness
so the jar doesn't go slowly
sometimes dry sometimes oily r
it absorbs really well into the skin
i could feel the layer providing moisture throughout the night
doesn't make my oily skin greasy
so when i scoop up with a spatula sometimes if i'm not careful it doesn't stick to spatula
not oily or greasy
hydrates with no oil residue
shiny after i wash it
it is thick like a balm
melts into your skin
thirstycleanse completely cleared up the dry flakes
it balances my skin
a light dusting of finishing powder
my otherwise oily skin
a small smear onto your finger for each half of your face
gives you an air brush finish.
almost looked as if i had applied a pore-reducing primer
silicone is not absorbed by your skin or pores
so unless your ingesting it
turn into toxins your body
it yields a smooth canvas on your face
when it goes on it melts into your skin
melts into the skin
however it takes a little bit of smoothing over as its more of a paste than a cream
it does apply and dry matte.
cleansed my face before bed
with seriously dry, gross skin.
i do find it applies best on already slightly moistened skin
i found it absorbed quickly into my skin
softens my skin giving it back all the lost moister it has needed
can't speak to how well it keels oil at bay
a bunch of little red fibers got stuck in the cream
it absorbs into the skin quickly
it really smooths and hydrates my skin perfectly.
trying to shave off the dark skin layers with nail files
my skin can absorb it easily.
love how it absorbs quickly though.
it quickly diminishes dryness
the bottle lasts forever
dry in the cheek / mouth region
i recommend dabbing it on the face not rubbing it in
this has kept it from flaking
like seriously what is air in my lungs.)
i feel like this serum protects my skin's moisture from the cold
it penetrates super nice.
the scent is light and this does adsorb quickly.
soft serum cools my skin down
a piece of cardboard covered in tin foil actually was a bad thing
it really gets in your pores and cleans them out.
it basically cleans/washes your face.
it really dries out my skin
leaves my skin so smooth after every wash
smooth for the many layers of serum
i've had crystal clear skin
gently gets the job done
exfoliants are tough as they can sometimes clog pores or breakouts
the granules are small enough
impurities on the skin
i tend to have dry skin so have avoided exfoliates
use just a dab of this in circular motions on your acne areas
use enough to fill your fingertip all around your skin
dry my skin out
yet it cleans super deep into those pores
gently gets rid of dead surface skin
it cleans my face without irritating it
radiant without stripping the moisture from my skin
really gets inside my pores
i usually use it in the shower after my pores open up
start scrubbing my face
start massaging your face
provided a moderate amount of scrubbing -- the particles were not huge
the beads in it are more like a grain of sand.
it removes dead skin cells
polished without drying it out
cleans without drying out.
moisturizer penetrates much better after using
it also cleanses off my make up.
clean without damaging it
oily with some dry patches around my cheeks
i think it keeps my skin flake free
washes my face perfectly
i feel it really gets into your pores
left my skin clean without drying it out
cleans thoroughly, very gentle.
it feels like silk while also containing little exfoliating beads to slosh off dead skin
it also cleanses off my make up.
it makes my face feel smooth after it dries from the rinsing
since it's milky so no harsh rubbing
which veers between oily
i wipe off my makeup with a damp cloth quickly before even rinsing with the product
it's strong enough to remove all impurities in my oily t-zone
which gently remove dead skin cells
it only takes a teeny drop applied to skin
--add a little water to create a slight foam
rinse with clear water.
keeps my skin soft and my pores clear.
without drying it out
exfoliates without being rough.
the microbeads are not harsh
the exfoliating particles left my skin smoothed
reduces puffiness in the time it takes to make a coffee
the gel absorbs relatively quickly into my skin
will repurchase the clarins eye contour gel when this tube runs out
it's not heavy and absorbs fast!
found the clarins eye contour gel
my top lids look firmer
it pats in really easily
soaks in your pores
forget the chilled cucumber slices- this is a miracle in a tube
soothes the delicate eye area
makes the eye area look moist instead of dry
it soaks in quickly
refreshing gel that absorbs quickly
the gel absorbs very quickly
this gel effectively reduced my black circle
can be easily absorbed by the skin
my eyes instantly deflate
it is fast absorbing
not very moisture rich
the skin dries out quickly once the weather cools down
it brightens, it tightens and it lifts.
i dabbed on a little blush
it has a light scent that dissipates quickly!
love the pump so the product stays bacteria free.
leave "goop" on your lashes like some others do
as the instruction says apply to the entire contour of the eye from temples to temples
wrinkled when i used this
i normally use bare minerals eye cream which i love
have had zero issues with my makeup melting off or smearing
bonus: it also helped control the oil production on my eyelids
it applies easily and absorbs so quickly.
it doesn't smear or smudge.
doesn't smear or smudge.
i feel putting your finger in the other creams might contaminate
the puffiness recedes almost immediately after i apply
helps give a slight lift to my lids
it absorbs nicely and doesnt sit on the skin.
shadows and liquid liner go on much better now.
a hard little unuseable "worm" of product that has clearly dried up in the tubing comes out
if you pry off the lid
because of the dried out "worms" of product
sinks right into the skin around your eyes
some eye creams just make you retain fluid
it drops in quickly.
helps with the crow's feet
it also absorbs very quickly
non-greasy and blends right into my skin.
i sleep with a silk eye mask on
it practically eradicates puffiness altogether.
the cream is dense, but absorbs magically.
i've tried so many different primers to help conceal my pores
nose is a bit oily
i can easily use a smoothing primer on top of it
pro tip: you can put a slightly thicker layer of clarins flash balm on your face
blend that onto your face
for my makeup i like hourglass "liquid powder"
underneath my foundation as an oil-free base
this balm absorbs super quick!
under my hourglass mineral veil primer
wind up kinda "melted" on my skin
it seems to absorb oil!
best of all, this truly covers pores.
i apply with a synthetic brush all over my skin
quickly swipe across skin until evenly distri
thus the gummy texture
i spread a thin layer on before bed after applying my serum
it transforms my skin.
not gummy as some reviews state
wipe it off with a damp washcloth
rub that onto my face
i've received tube after tube of this stuff
doesn't come anywhere near hourglass mineral veil or cover fx
like it sucked the moisture out of my skin
created a barrier on the surface
a sticky barrier which foundation would not glide smoothly over
to apply the makeup before the flash product dries
directions: "apply without rubbing in.
radiate without looking oily
then i apply the flash balm
it is a nice base for tinted primers or pore perfection
then pat on before gently spreading across skin
using mid-day: rub a pea-sized dab between fingers
my pores appeared smaller
rubbing the product destroys the film that tightens the skin
the eye cream in the tube
it brightens and hides wrinkles and pores.
i gently pressed this into my skin over my serum
that disappears almost instantly on your face
i apply it by smearing then patting on.
my deep wrinkles are minimized instantly
it prolongs the wear of my foundation
it leaves a sticky texture
and diminishes color patches on skin.
it instantly cooled my face
it works as a mask that you rinse off
it tightens up the skin nicely
it also works very well as a primer that smooths out wrinkles
pat lightly with a tissue to absorb any extra
lightly apply balm about 1/2 a pea size just smooth it on
set shiny areas with powder
only a dab will do!
it does seem have a minimizing effect on my pores
then gently smooth the balm over my face with upward strokes
immediately firms and refreshes the skin.
i can immediately feel the skin tighten as the cream is smoothed in
just a dab of this on your face leaves a glow
it absorbs so quickly
the beauty flash balm for the face smooths
without the white residue
this balm can be worn without foundation
i like the product as it calms
i powder my nose
it absorbs so quickly
this cleanser showed immediate results in minimizing my pores
normal/dry skin around the edges
this cleanser dried up my blemishes literally overnight
my old sebum right in my face is getting there to dry
ideally massaging it in
sometimes i just leave it on when i'm brushing my teeth
my pores are smaller
my pores are clearer
my pores are shrinking
reduces pore sizecons: smells like noxzema
burns eyes while rinsing face off
enlarged pores in the area around my nose
smoother after two washes
this product lathers up nicely
really tighten my pores
avoiding my dry-sensitive cheeks
some clumpy and some watery product comes out.
it really cleans out the pores
my pores seem visibly smaller
would reduce the look of my pores
it controls the oily :
i needed a good product to help reduce the pores around my nose
it burns badly and stings.
large pores on my nose
i also use the pores no more pore solution clarifying lotion twice a day
it also lathers nicely.
when it gets around my mouth or nostrils
my pores are definitely smaller too.
it dries oily areas
it reduces the appearance of spots
washes away without residue.
it really cleans the oil
dirt out of my pores
my pores have slimmed down a lot.
i can see my pores decrease after each use
also, the blue cap keeps the pump hygienic.
my pores look smaller
my incredibly large pores are smaller
got a sample of the vacuum mask
it hasn't caused drying, or burning.
even a microscopic bit of product is like ouch!
it has tightened my pores a lot
makeup without stripping or over drying cheeks
try it with the pore effect cream.
it washes away the day
i can already see my pores
it is pricey at $35.00 but it does shrink pores.
my pore got larger
noticed the size of my pores
it is a little drying
i can really feel it cleaning deep in my pores.
the oiliness is under control
then washed my face with the pores no more cleanser
just getting the cleanser on my eyelids really burned
t pores no more
it immediately reduced the size of pores.
i've always had trouble finding products that cleansed my pores really well without harsh scrubbing
my pores are extremely large
pores no more cleanser gets right in the pores
cleans the debris without the scrubbing
i ordered the pores no more to go kit on accident instead of pores no more pore refiner
my pores are noticeably smaller
leaves your skin feeling soft, no oily buildup.
t's pores no more line makes a big difference-pores really look smaller
i also love the pore refining cream
the pore refiner-perfect for under makeup
it doesn't leave that soapy residue or overdry my skin
almost immediately my pores shrunk
cooling on your skin
my pores look somewhat smaller
noticing my pores more
literally shrunk my pores in one use
pores no more cleans
my pores feel utterly unclogged
this cleanser really works on reducing the size of your pores
to help with the oily skin
as for my pores
a ton of other pore refining/tightening/smoothing serums
i apply the tiniest dab to my nose at night
my pores are clean
feel that my congested pores have diminished
warm water opens pores
tricks your skin into thinking it needs more sebum
sensitive skin with large pores
my pores have really improved
does refine pores amazingly well.
great for open pores or nose open pores love it
it has helped my overly large pores.
it has kept my pores teeny tiny amd my skin decongested
rich which keeps in my moisture while keeping the dirt
the pores have visibly shrunk
it also clears my skin
visible pores on nose
for tightening my pores
my pore got larger
my pore got larger
it makes your pores "no more"
love all the pores no more products.
it reduces your pores immediatley.
moisturizer absorbs quickly into skin
the pores seemed to shrink
leaves my skin way to oily.
did nothing for my pores
no more oily skin.
almost gently penetrating my pores
my pores are looking smaller coupled with the pores no more refiner that i use after the cream
it has visibly reduced the size of my pores
this product keeps my pores clear
i used it after pores no more vacuum cleaner
the pores no more vacuum cleaner makes your pores disappear
this product really does help to minimize pores.
hyluronic acid for moisture retention
this cream helps refine pores
dirt being pushed to the top layer of my skin
all the gunk from your pores is out
it didn't minimize my pores per say
t's pores no more pore effect refining cream is very mattifying
putting it on feels a bit like applying spackle
it works great at minmizing pores
decreasing oily shine all day
this stuff makes your pores smaller
non-greasy, non-sticky, non-caustic.
my pores don't look so big
enlarged pores around my nose
i hate using blotting paper
does a great job minimizing pores.
the pores are gone
i refill my no more pores before it's finished
my pores seem smaller
this takes away the burning sensation
it drastically reduces the chance of peeling.
it really fills in you pores
large pores on my nose
does help my pores
it does make a difference in my pores
this product only has a small amount of moisture in the form of hyaluronic acid
the skin may be over-reacting to the amount of oils being dissolved
helps to minimize shine and pore size
one tiny dab can cover your entire face.
gives you noticeably smaller pores.
it does work to minimize my pores
my pores aren't as big
it absorbs very quickly
reduced peeling with continued use
sensitive skin that flushes/inflames easily
the after sun gel has become far
after rinsing with cool water
hydrates burnt or sun damaged skin
feels cooling even after its absorbed
i didn't peel or burn.
gross, blistery, looks like raw steak, burns.
imagine the sunlight girls
it absorbed super quickly
this cooling gel definitely helped with making the swelling go down
it's refreshing and prevents peeling.
thick texture takes long to be absorbed
burns like the dickens
this gel quickly absorbs
is a bit sticky upon application
i get a cooling sensation when applied
i don't like the squeeze tube
the pump canister was durable
i wound up with no peeling
it helped my sun-exposed skin
prevented my skin from peeling
i stored this product in my fridge
it calms the redness and cools so beautifully.
plant extracts that soothe
cool down the skin
heat in order to prevent the continuing damage to your skin
prevents peeling after a burn
that skin started peeling
i recommend chilling this gel in the fridge for a cooling
instantly lessened the sting of the burn
actually keeps me from peeling
applied right after sun exposure
simultaneously with dry patches of flakes
instantly cools your skin whether it's sun-dried or wind-dried
it's a great medium to mix with more concentrated serums in order to spread them evenly over the skin
produces a nice cooling sensation on contact
squirted some of this on me
really cools the skin
blocked the carcinogen causing rays
help to prevent against peeling
it instantly cools down
the result was a gel that cooled
cooling on the skin
it also helps with peeling
prevents peeling if you use it several times a day
won't prevent the peeling
my skin is instantly cooled
prevents my skin from peeling or blistering
it's cooling and easily absorbs into he skin.
it helps prevent after tan peeling
it completely moisturized my slightly burnt face
it was light enough not to clog pores
helped my extra dry skin due to the chlorine
it wakes me up with the cooling effect
great for sun parched skin!
totally cools and soothes, love it!!
restores dry or burnt skin
wet a washcloth to get it off
perfect for after sun or dry skin
with the korresyoghurt cooling gel i got rid of my peeling
it helped my skin heal fast
cools the skin very quickly, works great!
figured i'd try the cooling gel
so cooling and refreshing after a burn!
it cools your skin replenishes lost moisture.
the burn healed quickly and didn't peel.
absorbed into my skin
greatly minimized the after effects of the gnarly burn
keeps us from peeling
have been using for mosquito bites
relieves the itchy feeling from the bites
this is a cool lotion kinda cools
i completely crisped my shoulders at the pool recently
moisturizes without a greasy residue
cooling gel you can imagine
its so cooling on my skin
it spreads very easily
it gives light not sticky moisture
calms my skin when its slightly inflamed
dry skin goes away
it absorbs really quickly
cooled the skin very well
it smooths easily on my skin
i don't find that it absorbs quickly
it's thick, lightweight, and non-greasy.
absorbs quickly into your skin
it's so dry that my lips bleed
peeling around my nose
feels almost powdery after you apply
soothes without being greasy
this cream is very thick but absorbs quickly.
the cream has not clogged my pores.
moisturized without any greasiness or oil
this always penetrates deep enough
slathering this stuff on
it takes a min or two to absorb.
i sit under a heating vent at work
it's lightweight and it absorbs quickly.
smooths out my skin for perfect makeup application
i will say it absorbs nicely into the skin for a heavy cream
it completely resolves my dry skin issues
this cream is thick
it goes on thick
also wears well under liquid foundation.
with dry scaly patches
it leaves your skin baby
not greasy or oily.
this works great for me without causing pore congestion
as your skin absorbs the stuff
my skin was peeling
s together until it warms up
when it does it thins out
as smooth as a newborns bottom
it combats dry skin well.
it works quickly into my skin
soaks in the dryness of the air
very dry skin with occasional dry patches
it is a thick cream
my face flakes off when its cold
it quickly moisturizes leaving skin with a even glow
constant exposure to the sun
plus, it doesn't clog up my pores.
absorbs quickly into my skin
light and absorbs into skin.
eliminates any feeling of pulling or tightness
skin doesnt absorb it well
thus when applied has a cooling sensation
uses it every day on his elbows
sinks into skin quickly
discovered jack black's cool moisture body lotion all by himself
no knee pads or garden pads
it's not greasy and apparently absorbs quickly.
good moisture even after a few hand washes
the jack black cool moisture body lotion is great
using it after a dry shower cools
my skin never dries out or breaks out
identicle in my opinion to the body wash
it soothes the skin
does have a cooling sensation
soaks into the skin leaving you smelling great
my pores look smaller
my pores less clogged
a touch drying on my mature skin
it perfectly hydrates my skin without being too heavy
this one sinks into my skin immediately
my skin reacts to the wash without a cream afterwards
this moisturizer does not clog my pores or cause breakouts
absorbs quickly without leaving a sheen
this product has never clogged my pores
just melts into my skin
it feels great on the skin and absorbs quickly.
doesn't leave a ton of greasiness behind
after i apply i brush my teeth
it absorbs very quickly
my pores are minimized
the broad spectrum spf 30 day moisture protects my face
neck from harmful rays
doesn't make my pores look bigger
my skin absorbs it completely
doesn't leave any oiliness behind
when applying the moisturizer soaks nicely into skin
does not clog my pores at all
sinks into skin beautifully
the murad literally shields your face
it protects against the harmful sun rays that cause aging
protects from the sun
it provides moisture without the grease.
blends into my skin very easily
it helps with sun spots
absorbs quickly into the skin
it is like putting the lightest of souffles on your face
spreads easily, and feels light.
dry skin around my mouth
the giant mix bag of sunscreen seohora comes out with in the spring
protects your skin with spf 30
it allows your skin to breathe.
it protects my skin from any further damage
it really absorbs fast.
it absorbs well into my skin
décolletage area as it tends to get oily under makeup
to help skin lighten up
pigment lightening gel at night the results are good
it is a big tube
soft to the touch immediately after washing
clears up breakouts quickly
the essential c cleanser is clear with small tiny orange beads suspended in the liquid
t washes off easily
feel it cleans off all the grime that accumulates on your face at the end of the day
with the sun damage
i wipe off with more warm water on the same washcloth
fresh after i wash my fresh
ps: the teeny tiny exfoliating beads are pointless
it cleans my skin really well
especially in a super drying desert climate
when my cheeks/nose/chin was peeling
gently cleanses with a lightly-foaming gel
rinses clean without over-drying
lathers up very nicely
cleans my skin well.
cleans without drying or irritating the skin
it tingles as you use it
it not only cleansed
at age 54 my skin is sun-damaged
it foams up easily which i like
rinses clean without leaving a greasy film
the way the foam up
twice a day starts to irritate my skin.
i just use a thicker moisterizer afterwards
this cleans well on both
supple without stripping it
light weight, rinses well.
it leaves my skin clean without drying it
provides moisture doesnt strip the skin
cleans without drying out your face
does peel your skin slightly
eliminated the dry skin
while the cleanser doesn't sap away too much of the moisture on your face
it seeps into the skin like nothing
my skin immediately absorbed it
immediately began to have icky pimples filled with the yuck stuff
does not clog pores or cause breakouts
the product is on the thicker cream side
my skin was peeling from drying-out
cream is absorbed quickly
it's cleared my dry skin
minimizes the appearance of my fine lines
as well as my pores
it sinks in well
can't comment on smoothing
the cream melts into my skin
this product made my dry skin disappear
before,it was oily, dry and blotchy.
doesn't irritate/ clog eyes
lightweight and doesn't clog pores.
wrinkle revenge tightens your skin
absorbs well without sticky residue.
right under my brow bone
my previous eye cream was clogging my pores.
my eyelids get very dry and will crack and bleed.
it dries quickly and my make up stays put.
this used to come in a cheap plastic jar
it absorbs into the skin really fast
it does tighten the skin
i like that it's creamy and absorbs fast.
way that it smooths the eye area
this smooths them away while helping with puffiness
rich cream that absorbs well.
you can use on the eye lids as well
glides on without tugging
not oily or thick
this leaves my eyes well moisturized without looking like i've slathered oil over my lids
i think the fluid just naturally forms in the eyes
it's really creamy and absorbs pretty quickly.
liner doesn't slide off
which the balm helps minimize
absorbs quickly and it's very lightweight.
this stuff slides on like silk
right amount of moisture without feeling oily
mascara melted into it
it soaks up very nice
it hydrates my eyes without it feeling too oily
it absorbs right away
they all absorbed quickly
no dry crepy skin underneath the eye or on the eye lid
love that the wrinkle revenge doesn't make my makeup smear or bleed
that i can use it on my lids
it has a great texture and absorbs quickly.
even softens fine lines
my lids were peeling
rubs off into flakes when i go to apply liquid makeup etc over the top
it soaks right into the skin
uses it on the dry patches on his face
never causes creasing with my makeup
i apply it underneath the eye
on my brow bone
the product melts right into the skin
this cream also allows me to use it on my upper lids
does not clog my pores
i love how it hydrates around my eyes
it will cause burning
absorbs quickly into the eye area while moisturizing at the same time
plus it gets clogged in the spout
it seems like a waist of a whole application
the clog is hard
it is a little drying
follow this product with murad's hydrodynamic moisture for eyes
this tightens, lifts,& moisturizes.
this eye cream dissolves quickly into skin with light tapping around the eye
no problem with eyeshadow creasing.
without balling up or flaking
my makeup overtop of it looked very smooth—no flaking or balling up
smooths lines, yet firms bags.
the murad cream reduces fine lines
absorbs well and a visible difference right away.
does help with fine lines and crinkles.
this eye cream absorbs quickly
doesn't burn your eyes
locks in moisture even in dry
it absorbs great and not oily.
this one was more runny
it closed my pores
it minimize my dry lines
after rinsing off the mask my skin was much brighter
thoroughly removes excess oil
helps to clear away any clogged pores
glowing after i rinse it off
cools down the skin
after my pores are smaller
i usually put it into refrigerator
this mask helps eliminate the flakes
this mask will help severely dry skin!
it calms and soothes the skin.
lays on top of the skin
the mask is a clear gel.
it eats any dry dead skin
i feel a tingle deep in my pores
once it washes off
don't clog my pores
never makes my skin sting from the live enzymes
i find filling a sink with warm water
this stuff goes on like a "glop"
great gel like consistency spreads quickly
it's deep cleaning your pores
peels have more hype
unlike some other peels
melts away the stress of the day.
cleaner pores since i started using this regularly
my pores do look smaller afterwards
all of the dead skin cells are removed without removing new skin cells
rinse with water for any remaining on my face
the little enzymes chomp away at the dead skin
no dead skin flakes and smooth skin).
a bit dryer in winter
smoothing after use this
i applied the mask on thick as instructed
i quickly washed it off.
this soothes it all
it's a clear gel mask
not gunky like some masks do
this mask helped me gain back the moisture
i usually use this mask after i use ole's walnut scrub at night
tightens the pores nicely
enough to keep my sebaceous glands at bay!
it soothes it and renews it all at once.
this seriously penetrates the pores
it is the best i have tried that smooths out my skin
as a gel, it's cooling to my hot red face.
inflamed with clogged pores
deep within your skin
use a wash cloth with hot water to take it all off
use weekly to aviod dry skin.
focus on your breathing
i either have to wipe off the residue w/cotton balls
ole henriksen's blue/black berry enzyme mask is a clear thick gel that is thickly applied to cleansed skin
before being rinsed off
just a couple dabs is all you need
creates little gel balls
it instantly plumps up my deep laugh lines
it'll melt off your face.
it did not soak in well and clogged my pores.
the cream rubs in well
as it was rather waxy
melts into my skin
it soaks in quickly
it only takes a small amount to moisturizes
not greasy, absorbs very quickly.
seems to get absorbed quickly
does not clog pores
this cream melts into your skin
my skin soaks it in
it is a white cream that absorbs very easily
it is instantly absorbed by the skin.
it doesn't sink into your creases for those of us with aging eyes
no greasy absorbs well.
and the effect and moisture lasts all day.
goes on very quickly and leaves no residue.
it hydrates without a trace of oily residue
it feels thick yet it absorbs quickly.
it's definitely restored moisture
lots of eye cremes make me tear up
the flaking is gone
dissolves into your skin
keeps my eye lids
it is also easily absorbed into the skin.
until i tried moisture rich.
it smoothes my eye area when i need it most
my eyelids were dry & flaking from winter.
sinks rather fast into your skin
absorbs quickly into the skin
this eye cream just sinks in
the consistency is rich yet penetrating into the skin
months of tears dried out my eyes
tons of tiny wrinkles this winter
the jar lasts 4ever.
it also softens the wrinkles around my eyes
this is the fastest absorbing eye cream
find something more eye quenching
how quickly it melts in to the skin
ptr anti-aging eye creme has "thicken" the skin which as a result less fatigue eye
this is rich but absorbs well.
not greasy, absorbs nicely.
doesn't rub off on my pillow while i sleep
the moisture lasts most of the day
i find that it absorbs quickly
won't turn my forehead into an oil slick
it hydrates without feeling thick or sticky.
the white yoghurt part takes a little extra effort to absorb in
it absorbs in fully leaving my skin perfect
it absorbs pretty quickly
to the point that everything burns
as in my forehead is so dry that it overproduces oil
i usually avoid putting cream on my blackhead-infested nose
it absorbs into the skin
it sinks into your skin so fast
peels or other harsh chemical to the face
it is more like elmer's glue
my skin absorbs it quickly
sinks into skin quickly
my skin literally healed immediately
my skin absorbs it very quickly.
non-greasy cream that easily absorbs into my skin leaving my skin feeling supple
it's concentrated so a tiny tub lasts ages
has the consistency of elmers glue
don't let that sway you…it absorbs quickly
how it hydrates without making me oily
my face is saturated with oil
this lightweight cream absorbs quickly
absorbs into my skin wonderfully
it relieves my tight
it is actually keeping my dry/sensitive screen hydrated thru the polar vortex
i generously dab this into my face
the cream is a little thick
it soaks into your skin
this eye cream tightens up your skin
soften the eye area without leaving it cakey or dry kr greasy
a spray of very fine lines
it absolutely melts your lines
as it seeps into your skin easily
this cream hides a lot of sins.
great for adding moisture
it leaves my undereye skin moist
patting it gently in
sensitive eyelids that won't rub off on the pillowcase while i sleep
it even comes in a squeeze tube
leaves a dewy cast where applied
it gives instant moisture.
then melts into my skin as i apply it
it instantly firms and hydrates the area.
hope in a tube actually puffs up your lips
soaks right in without being greasy
it moisturizes- doesnt interfere with eye shadow
the warmth of your fingers will melt it into your skin
it's not an eye cream that your skin absorbs quickly
softens my eye area
soothes my lips when they are dry or cracked
it plumps up my skin
it doesn't crease or cake
t takes a while to absorb
including the up on the brow bone
dab it around my mouth area
love that its in a tube
firms and smooths my skin.
gently apply it-without dabbing
hope in a tube is a thick cream that fills in lip lines
it doesn't clog pores as some other eye creams do
is doesn't seem to trigger break outs or clog pores
it doesn't feel like it disappears once it absorbs into my skin
i need to use a quick swipe of a light powder
blot it with your finger tip
this totally counteracts the dryness i get around my lower lip
which dries out from the face wash
you only need a dab
it works great for your eyes & your lips.
red eyelids a needed feeling of moisture
love that its in a tube
this cream smooths the lines under your eyes
blotting excess after the fact
i just use their airbrushed canvas powder
this cream is thick
it soaked in pretty quickly
my skin has been stressed from saltwater
this very rich thick cream was mostly absorbed quickly
md's intense moisture cream is just that
it's silky and absorbs quickly.
applying md skincare's hydra pure intense moisture cream over clean skin every night
it's still the same creamy formula that gets the skin squeaky clean
it clears my skin
it gently cleanses and leaves no residue.
it foams quickly and gets you clean in a jiffy.
keeps me gently clean
it does reduce oiliness for a few hours
i love that it cleans my face without drying
soft without drying or irritation
cleanses thoroughly without drying skin out
keeps my oily skin in check
also the soap dish have two parts to the bottom: one part that is like a sieve
know all the dirt has rinsed away
when he uses clinique it never dries out
cleans the skin very well
my eyes don't burn
doesn't leave a residue on your skin
it strips away oil without stripping moisture
it helps prevent the face soap from melting away while lying in an open soap dish
the tray is a plus keeping the soap dry
rub it directly onto my face
leaves my facial skin intact
it clears up pimples quickly
hasn't clogged pores either.
he uses this with the clinique pore minimizer
it controls the oil on my skin
however, it dissipates after 10 minutes.
he shaves his head
- absorbs well into skin
- soothes skin after shaving
moisture enough for summer
all over my eye lids
it seems to tighten the tissues
my lids don't feel as dry
hydrates your eyes perfectly
love how easily this cream goes on and absorbs.
a lot of "lift" products leave a residue
sort of like white paste
it glides on really well without leaving a moist/liquid residue
absorbs really quickly and hydrates really well.
it visible reduces fine lines and wrinkles.
good moisture without making eyeliner run.
the cream is thick
not too liquidy/goopy
just the added moisture lessens the appearance of fine lines around my eyes
if i accidentally rub my eye
or touch the lower lid
are prone to mascara smudging
really smooths out the lines
it is a thick product
it hasn't removed the puff completely
it minimizes dark circles
it doesn't act like an eraser
it hydrates my under eye area
extra moisture helping sooth puffy undereye circles
it has a tendency to cause my pores to clog sometimes because it's so thick
the antigravity firming eyelift is a light cream that seems to sink into the delicate skin surrounding my eyes
it keeps the undereye area firm
only a little dab is needed
really erases the lines
after a shave it rubs it on his beard with a cloth
using this toner everyday greatly reduced his pore size
he says it helps open up pores
he says he also uses it on a cotton swab to clean his oily t zone area
it's great for shaving because it reduces ingrown hairs
it cleans his face without drying his skin out.
this will control your oily skin
works well on oily skin
i like this foam
rub into skin with warm water
it is so effective when used with clinique's sonic brush
even tho it cleans to the bone
even nasty foundation buildup on a beauty blender or foundation brush
instantly foams up when wet
or actually dries my skin out
squeaky clean after i use it
or in my pores
foams up therefore i can use it with my sonic brush fine
it washes off everything
creates a smooth foaming layer then i rinse off
literally a dot of product gives you a full face of lush foam
this just lather up so nicely
grime so well on my skin which reduces the oil production
then a cotton ball soaked in toner
it opens up all my pores
it does foam nicely
it foams up so well
this product is great because it cleans without over drying
soothes the skin after a day of makeup.
it actually cleans your face
foams when water is added
this product not only cleans your skin
a tiny bit washes off all my make up.
nothing removes make up like this cream-mousse from clinique
it washes away all of the buildup on my face
leaves my skin squeaky clean without drying it out
it is a little drying
not flaky skin type drying
it leaves skin clean, soft, fresh, and moist.
and works to was your makup brushes too.
it rinses off easily
the tube is huge
and does not clog drain!
cleans like a face wash
cleans thoroughly with plenty of foam
it foams up nicely
makes my skin feel clean without stripping it of its natural moisture
gentle and easy to rinsing off!
not drying out skin
cleanses well without overly drying.
it is a little drying
cleans well without drying or irritating.
it foams up great
i find it absorbs quickly
use two tiny dabs of the cream twice a day
which are the results from applying foundation on the eyelids
sinks in very quickly
smooths out the skin surrounding my eyes as well
it absorbs very quickly
pat a small amount on lids
apply/brush some loose powder on top of lids
absorbs well into the skin
put it all over my lids
flaking around my eyes
it is fast absorbing and non-greasy.
absorbs quickly and my eyes look great.
easy to tap onto eyelids/under eyes
works well with primers/eye make up once it's absorbed
doesn't burn or sting, and it absorbs well.
dry papery thin skin
almost silicon texture which is very lightweight
i sometimes gets flakes around my brow area
it gets rid of the flakes
this sinks in fast
doesn't leave a tacky or oily residue
doesn't irritate my eyes
then becomes silky/powdery soft after it's been worked through
i gently tap a small
up on the brow bone a bit
it absorbs into the skin quickly
it soaks into the skin overnight
lightweight non greasy doesn't clog pores.
transfer to my eye shadow brushes
my skin seems to soak it up
it gets absorbed so quickly
its got a gel texture that also drys down to almost a silicony feel
it soaks into the skin very quickly
it reduces puffiness and brightens.
reduces lines and feels cool.
crusts around the rim of the opening
non drying non irritating
he prefers the clinique “age defense hydrator spf 15” because it fights aging
hikes without sun screen
not lumpy like other spf mosturizers
it goes very well with the charcoal face wash.
works well for oily skin
he likes that the gel absorbs quickly
along with cooling eye gel
this formula sinks in instantly
m-gel absorbs quickly
it won't clog pores
he hates the thickness
this gel doesn't exacerbate the oiliness
sinks in super quick
every moisturizer i used clogged my pores
as it dries down
it does absorb fast
which helps keep germs/bacteria away
your pores get easily clogged
rapidly-absorbing moisturizer that doesn't feel heavy on my super oily skin
it absorbs immediately into the skin
it gives enough moisture
combo oily/dry forehead
as far as my oiliness
it sinks in to the skin fast
this gel absorbs fast
it spreads in so easily
oily skin in the summer
extremely sensitive skin that breaks out in hives
refreshes your skin immediately
it absorbs very quickly
absolutely amazing for this oily skin of mines.
it wont clog pores either
my skin soaks it up pretty quickly
fast drying and very absorbing.
soaks into skin very fast prior to makeup application- which is great
it's not greasy and absorbs into the skin fast.
oilier in the summer
i just laid down on my silk pillowcase
this sinks in the skin so nicely
it absorbs into my skin quickly
my skin absorbs it within seconds
the chlorine dries my face out so much
my skin runs on the oilier side.
it gives light moisture
doesn't clog my pores
everything i put on my skin ends up clogging my pores or give me irritations
it's more thick like a gel
sinking into my skin like doing a sheet mask without the sheet
this helps control the oil on my nose
doesn't turn oily on skin
this truly sinks right into your skin.
easily absorbed by my skin
absorbs right into my skin
the fact that it absorbs nicely
perfect with moisture surge
i stopped using primer since using this gel because my pores
i won't say that it reduces my skin's oiliness
it even serves as a primer because of its slightly tacky texture before it dries down
dries to a nice semi matte finish
it absorbs very quickly into your skin
non oily non dry
it absorbs quickly and isn't oily.
greasy residue that leads to my makeup creasing
this absorbs beautifully into the skin
this gel feels heavy on application
which can enlarge pores
this moisturizer has not clogged my pores at all
i know that rose is good for the pores
it all absorbs in
rinse off with warm water
after i rinsed, my skin was very soft and clean.
soaks in nicely within a few minutes
it is not thick or gooey while it hydrates
my pores were visibly reduced
visibly reduces my pores
mattifying products will over dry your skin
the gel is very watery.
it provides the perfect amount of moisture to my skin
smoothing on fine lines
develops dry patches during the colder months
oily skin as well
this mask helped with all of the peeling
it absorbs into your skin with fresh rose petals that hydrate
the tub is filled to the brim with excellence
when i washed it off i felt a cooling/warming sensation
it soothes the skin
this mask completely transforms my skin whenever i use it
this almost completely absorbed into my skin
with some oily patches
made me pores look 10x bigger
i used a thin layer of this mask for 10 minutes
upon rinsing it off with warm water
my pores were significantly smaller
it plumps my skin up
take away that dull layer
i put a thin layer on
it's moisturizes my face without leaving it greasy
this mask soothes my red skin
went i rinsed it off with water my pores were tightened
it get can get especially dry in the winter when i'm trying to keep sebum from clogging my pores
once i rinsed it off
the tiny rose pieces don't gunk up
the product itself absorbs fairly quickly
provides moisture to the skin all day
smooths nicely over your clean face.
absorbs into the skin very well
naturally moist without being oily or greasy
it fades almost immediately
one pump covers my face
it absorbs into my skin very nicely
smells good and is effective at blocking the sun.
with cheaper face blocks i find that it leaves a white residue if i start to sweat
protects it from the sun
pros-hydrates with out feeling oily-sinks into the skin quickly
is not sticky-does make my skin radiant-spf does not leave a white cast on my brown skin-vitamin enriched-the pump container ensures that i never have to dip my fingers into it
perfect moisture level for my aging combination skin
absorbs fast, not sticky and no white residue.
i love that it turns into a milky texture when you add water
wants to protect my skin from sun
while also protecting our skin from sun damage
often causes a burning feeling
two small pumps of this very smooth lotion covers my face with easily absorbed moisture
no greasy feeling and ample sun protection.
not sticky or thick
it has the extra moisture
this is the first one that moisturized my skin without clogging my pores
providing just the right amount of moisture without leaving any greasy residue
it absorbs quickly, non-greasy & long lasting.
this product moisturizes without leaving my face greasy
most easily absorbed into the skin
does not clog my pores
drier in the winter
it is absorbed very quickly
i don't have to worry about greasy sunscreen clogging my pores
the bonus is the sun screen.
doesn't cause my pores to clog
it gives plenty of moisture
your skin absorbs quickly
i like pumps instead of open air jars
it's superlight and just sinks into skin.
doesn't clog my pores
i'd like a touch more moisture
it's light weight and absorbs very well.
the glycolic treatment at night totally smoothed the surface of my skin
he gets less ingrown hairs
when you rub it in it turns to a milky consistency
it washes right off.
melts quickly after i work it into my h
it doesn't strip my skin
makeup melts right off
it rinses off well
this takes it off effortlessly
as soon as you rinse it off
there is no oily residue
taken my toner on a cotton pad
even when i open them after rubbing off mascara
literally, in seconds my makeup melts off.
is easy to rinse off or wipe off with a wet cloth
wipes of every trace of makeup with a warm towel
hello wrinkle-free skin from the absence of scrubbing
it completely melts into your skin
it removes my super dark water proof eye liner without any hassle
they tend to use a moist towel to remove it
i don't like using a towel
it literally melts into a watery vaseline once you start rubbing the product in to your face
lancôme eye makeup remover even irritates my skins
it melts everything including water proof mascara
even my lash glue
it literally just melts your makeup right off.
melts all makeup away so easily
doesn't irritate my eyes.
it melts it right off.
doesnt burn my eyes like other melts
wipe off with a kleenex
the balm melts in your h
it rinses off easily with no residue.
it melts away thick / long lasting makeup away in seconds
it comes off without leaving an oily residue
doesn't hurt existing lashes or irritate my eyes
it is in a jar
less messy if it was in a tube or dispenser
sunscreen so cleanly without drying out my skin
its an amazing make up remover it just melts everything away
all my "war paint"
effortlessly melts away long wear makeup.
s to remove my waterproof
"dirt" from my face
so the jar lasts a while
thoroughly wipe off with a warm wet
i'll gently do circular motions on my eyes with a bit of the balm
this melts my makeup away in like 2 seconds
it literally melts away all my makeup with ease
it all rinses off with the water.
i wear clinique lash power mascara that is especially hard to remove as it has fibers
this balm wipes it away in about 10 rotations with my fingers
easy to use, just slap on rinse off.
then remove with water
the oil will get milky
liquidy as you wash it off
melts make up away
literally you rub a bit in a towel
my pores are smallerand my skin less oily.
does not hurt or irritate my eyes while scrubbing off my layers of product
liquid lipstick to thick foundation
my mascara melted off
doesn't strip my skin of any moisture.
using to remove my make up retains the moisture
the rub lightly into the skin
the cooling effect of the boscai irritated my eyes when removing my eyeliner
it does not clog pores
protects from the sun
absorbs pretty quickly into the skin
this cream absorbs fast
after each use there's some cream at the mouth of the dispenser
which dries there creating a block
it not only instantly refreshes
protects me from sun damage
each time i pump i get a congealed bead of product which is the oxidized product at the very front of the nozzle
light-reflecting particles in the cream
this is not fluid buildup
just the right level of moisture
but it really stings when it seeps into my eyes!
how quickly it absorbs
the texture is perfect: fast-absorbing
its easy to layer over with make-up
it smooths fine lines
it is rich, yet absorbs quickly and completely.
it does not cause my makeup to smudge or crease
the spf 15 is great for daytime wear because it protects the delicate under eye area from the sun's damaging rays
i tend to overuse it when squeezing the tube
my makeup goes overtop of it very smoothly--no flaking or balling up
spf are protecting my delicate undereye area all day long
absorbs quickly, not greasy.
it smoothes your eyes
not too heavy, absorbs quickly.
protects from sun damage
it smoothes the alligator skin under my eyes
it almost gives a crackling feeling when the foam contacts your skin
it washes away easily and strips your face clean.
even reduces the appearance of extra large pores
it's cleansing without being drying or stripping.
bioderma micelle cleaner before this product
it also works well with a spin brush.
the foam is gentle enough to use around eyes to remove waterproof mascara
the foam is fluffy
it definitely cleanses deep
i like the foam.
delicate aromaperfect for sensitive skinit cleans really well
clean without over drying it
cleans well without drying.
it's gentle but still cleans my skin.
it is very gentle and cleans makeup effortlessly.
helps with dry skin
really gently cleanse my skin
it is a gentle foam that doesn't tingle or sting
deep cleans the skin
as opposed to surface cleansing
dried out my skin
cleans with a foamy lather
liquid that turns to foam
the product pumps out into foam
the pump starts to loosen up
not dry after washing
without stripping it of moisture
cleans the face well
still removes all impurities from my skin to help clear break outs
constantly breaking out or drying out
this product rinses squeaky clean
this is a great foam
it effectively removed my bumps on
chin are dry with flakiness
its automatically foaming up through the pump
apply the foam on your damp face
i massage for few seconds then rinse off instantly
the nozzle doesn't actually produce foam the first 5-10 washes
now the nozzle becomes hard to press when i try to use it
cleans the skin well
very foamy when used with a clarisonic brush
it diminishes those large pores
yet it thoroughly cleans my skin
this cleans my skin nicely
it cleans an nourishes my skin at the same time
it lathers so nicely on the skin
this face wash cleanses the skin without drying it out
the face wash leaves your skin soft
this face wash is aggressive enough to remove all my greasy gunk
it softens the skin
it even has a tiny tingle as you wash
lathers into a nice foam
the mild formula is still slightly drying
love the lather it gives
it fills up with water
cleans it without drying
it clears my skin
especially for drier skins
makes your skin glow after wash
cleans my pores and all my makeup off.
yet cleans effectively without drying the skin
to help control my oiliness
it doesn't irritate skin or eyes.
takes away all the excess oils.
once mixed with water becomes a foamy white facial soap
no need for a wash cloth
the way it has cleansed my skin
really helps cleanse my pores
s down the best face wash for oily skin
clean without being stripped of moisture
it says non drying
this soap cleans my face thoroughly without drying out my skin
it still cleans well
then gently massage into the roots of my lashes for ten seconds
then rinse with my cloth
clean undamaged lash extensions
blurs my pores beautifully
controls my oily skin
it really helped to fill in my pores
oil controlling primer that your foundation sits nice on
i ususllay show a lot of my pores on the cheek
one of the only pore smoothing primers i've ever used that i could tell a difference
it does a great job of blurring pores
i like using the thinnest layer possible with the warmth of my h
s to prevent it from pilling
it blurs your pores beautifully
tap it in and it vanishes pores like magic!
i don't know if it actually reduces the sizes of pore
i don't have large pores
it definitely smooths out blemishes
this is no longer the miracle pore eraser it used to be
i witnessed my pores vanish in the mirror
other pore filling primers have made me oilier for some reason
i will never use another pore filling primer.
it definitely diminish the appearance of pores
otherwise it gives the look of dry damaged skin specially on nose
overall it's a good product for the skin with large pores
it keeps oils at bay
this product hides them so well.
i think this is the best primer out there for minimizing pores
helped with minimizing my pores
my skin is combo dry/oily tzone.
but my oily skin also flakes very easily.
helps a lot with my flakes.
this definitely blurs pores better than any other primer i've tried
large pores all my life
apart from absorbing oil
also fills small lines
it really smooths face
it leaves my skin perfectly mat
it really does fill in my pores
fills in pores amazingly
the primer covered all my pores
follow up with a translucent powder
however i only use the primer on my big pores area
at 23 i have large pores
the rest is outrageously oily with pores so huge
glistening from all the unacceptable
excessive sebum that generally wants to start working overtime within 30 minutes
t pores no more pore refiner primer
it glides on with a little tint that vanishes quickly
i could've sworn she was smearing last weeks dirty mop water on my face
if i see the demonic grease trying to spew through
crows feet without creasing
this product is my "go to" it helps minimize pores fine lines
she has killer pores
large pores- this kept me matte for hours
it does cover/smooth out all the pores completely
it's helps diminish your pores
really smooths out the skin
the cream blends in seamlessly
this covers them magically
erases my fine lines
just a small dab of this stuff
t pores no more
which evens out skin tone before applying foundation
masked my pores and stayed matte all day!
it hides my pores so well without me breaking out
almost liquid to powder consistency
really does reduce the look of pores
i mix a tiny bit of it with pores no more
instantly fills finer lines
my issue actually isn't pores
absorbs within a few seconds
smooth canvas to build on
it somehow absorbs my oil without drying out other parts of my combination skin
because i never notice my pores
how it might work to minimize pores
i only have open obvious pores on my cheeks
it does fill in the pores
prevents my nose from getting super oily late in the day
the way it visibly makes pores disappear when i put it on
it literally blurs out imperfections
this is not a pore eraser
this loveliness minimizes pores
an extreme oily forehead
it does minimize my pores
this is the best pore minimized
i instantly see a difference with my pores
enlarged pores in the t zone
i apply it only were my pores are visible
it completely blurs them!
love this primer for my oily skin!
softening pores that sometimes i can even skip foundation
huge pores on my t-zone
makes my normally sinkhole sized pores completely invisible
it helps keep oil at bay
wonderful for minimizing pores
it's the only thing that minimizes my pores
actually shrinking my pores
making pores look much smaller
my pores tend to be huge
simply dust on a translucent powder on top
and i haven't dried out.
no grease to exaggerate my flaws
makes your pores disappear before putting on liquid foundation
i've tried every pore refiner on the market
this is the only lotion that smooths them out for me
i've tried half a dozen pore minimizing primers
it minimizes your pores--for real--the more you wear it
whereas makeup pore minimizing primers just temporarily plug up your pores to look less noticeable
makeup primers definitely clog pores.
because it dries in 5 seconds
patting it into the skin
foundations will glide on smoothly as well
does not clog pores
even large pores will love this
if all other moisturizers break your skin out or clog your pores
it is so light and absorbs so quickly.
flake off on the dry patches on my cheeks
this provides enough moisture
so the dispenser is always exposed
using it along with the peel pads
comfortable without clogging my pores
keeps face oil-free
your pores are not clogged
it keeps my skin hydrated without the usual oil slick that eventually accumulates on my skin with other moisturizers
it hydrates and helps control oil and break outs.
gives me moisture without any oily residue
my pores are slowly clearing out
as my skin over-produces sebum
doesn't sting or clog pores if i get it near my eyes
twisting the pump to close it easily
it immediately revives the dry patches i got from using kate somerville the 9 kit around my mouth area
it absorbs very quickly.
my skin soaked it up right away
absorbs quickly which i love
doesn't clog my pores
it absorbs very will into the skin.
it's light-weight and super absorbing.
it's not greasy at all and absorbs instantly.
soothes my skin immediately after a shower
the pump seems to squirt out the lotion
it soaks in quickly & doesn't feel greasy.
super moisture without being greasy
it keeps my skin balanced without adding grease
i recommend rinsing instead of wiping with a tissue
then i blot it off with a warm wash cloth
then i pat dry with towel.
massage it in to melt makeup down
rinse off with a facecloth or cotton pad
wipe it off with a tissue
just use a cotton pad
yet never dries my skin
that one dries me out.
wash my face with water
melts nicely into the skin
t's natural for me to use a milky lceanser to remove make-up
in two pumps for a power/lip gloss day
then wipe it off with tissue after a minute or so of rubbing
it effectively washes away my make-up
it cleans so thoroughly
i rinse it off with damp sterile gauze pads -- no germs
literally nothing was on the cleansing brush head
it rinses off beautifully
with winter coming per typical i switch my face wash to smoothing more calming like bosica cooling cleanings oil
w/out rinsing after doesn't leave me icky
tissues off easily for convenience.
you can wipe off with a tissue
the only draw back is rinsing it off
seems to take several rinses to do the trick
this takes off the grime of the day
my pores looked less huge
soaks well into my skin leaving it really soft
it goes on smooth, and instantly hydrates.
as for the smoothing of fine lines
it's like having a thin gel version of elmer's glue to glue down the flakiness i get from exfoliating in the winter
sinks in really quickly.
also my pores seem smaller.
said they were clogged oil ducts
the serum helps to open up my pores so the moisturizer can absorb more cleanlyl into my skin
a little goes a long way and glides onto my skin.
one squirt is all you need
your skin will absorb it quickly
the desert is really drying
takes out a lot of moisture
this serum is fast absorbing
soaks in really quick
its absorbs faster and leaves my skin super soft.
1 dab takes care of both eyes
my skin is dry around my mouth
it doesn't irritate or redden my skin
it kept my face moist
it definitely helps lock in the moisture
this serum lightens them after just one application
it dries so quickly
the serum locks moisture into your skin
glides on my dry skin
as this helps soothe
moisture at that time
every time i wash my face i pump about 6 squirts
lessens any skin issues
it really smoothes out my skin
it just sinks into your skin
it also absorbs well so her makeup settles in nicely
nourishes my face which seems to get really dry
protects my skin without causing breakouts
also prevents sun damage from happening
the cream is thick
there is no ashy cast on the skin.
sometimes i have to add a light layer of powder to combat it
it is quickly absorbed
it keeps my skin from drying out
it absorbs fast into the skin
won't clog my pores or cause breakouts
it absorbs so well
is easily absorbed into the skin
the way it melts into the skin
my nose wasnt as oily as before
i feel it absorbs easily
the lancome product is smooth and sinks in quick!
does not whiten ur face or ball up
it still fills the bill even through winter
blends into skin easily
protects my pale skin against the sun
it didn't clog my pores
it hydrates my dry skin but absorbs quickly.
the spf 30 means that i don't have to use pore-clogging sun block on top of moisturizer
since my pores clog very easily
it protects me properly from the sun
it soaks in quickly
it absorbs very quickly
it softens my skin
great cream,light and protective.
doesn't clog my pores
does not clog pores
it continued to clog my pores
get the junk out of my pores
it clears up my skin quickly
instead it glides on
drastically improves your skin
pores look the same
the concept of using a silicone type base to help dissolve clogs
just a thin coat over problem areas.
really tightens pores for the next day
it is causing some drying
this product eliminates break outs without drying out your skin
it is a great base which prevents pores from getting clogged when cover-up is used under foundation
it also minimizes my large pores.
it evenly spreads across face
it clears up any blemish
whenever i detect a small bump or feel like there's a pimple developing i just use a dab
first product that dissolves the waxy build up on my skin
starts to peel off under my powder
i do notice less plugs around my nose
i love how it absorbs oil without over drying my face
it feels like a silicon mattifyer
it is non drying
as soon as you rub it on your face it virtually vanishes into your skin
it melts right into your skin with no greasy residue
leaving your face feeling petal soft
this one was a jaw-dropper
even through the oily stages of my skin
so the all the great anti aging ingredients don't oxidize
thick enough to soothe dry skin
seems to diminish sun damage
it is not greasy, and absorbs well.
sinks right into the skin
it survives 8 hrs of being rubbed off on my pillow
it gives enough moisture and spf.
absorbs quickly and delivers results!
i used on my cheeks
it protects me from sun damage
doesn't irritate my eyes
within a week the skin around my eyes has moisture
a tiny amount smoothes my skin
my pores are shrinking
then rinse with warm water
a tiny amount immediately smoothes my skin
tightens my pores without making my face oily
wipe off with tissue or makeup rounds
it dries out very easily
then wipe off with cloth
or tissue or makeup rounds
tissue off directly on dry face
then use water to emulsify it
devoid of moisture the skin
a wash cloth to wipe off the milk after using it to clean your face
putting a generous amount in the palm of one h
using the fingers of the other to spread the cream in a circular motion all over my cheeks
a wash cloth to clean the cream off
then i wipe it off with a wet washcloth
2 or 3 pumps in your palm is plenty
i rinse off with lukewarm water
it gently takes of all makeup: powder/foundation
face makeup right away w a tissue
eye brow wax/shade
i prefer to wipe this off with a cotton ball instead of rinsing it leaves the skin feeling moisterized
sheer liquid foundation everyday
removes all make-ups easily with very little rubbing
then wipe off the product with a cotton pad
truly clean my pores
without the usual scrubbing
skin is not greasy or sticky after application
luckily it dissipates quickly
i love the lightness of it because it doesn't clog my pores
it is quickly absorbed
won't suffocate your skin like some thicker creams will
it was much more of a liquid than a cream
spf doesn't irritate my skin.
glass bottle with pump dispenser
this cream is thin
after that, i keep the droplet extremely minimal.
this emulsion not only leaves your skin soft
goes on light and absorbs quickly.
it is a little milky so the spreadability/coverage with one pump is great
the daytime emulsion provides a great base under your foundation that is not oily
absorbs into your skin immediately
provides a great amount of moisture to my skin
it smooths on easily
it absorbs quickly into my skin and smells good.
my pores appear smaller
which helps the skin hold onto moisture
quickly absorbed and leaves the skin soft.
it absorbs very quickly
my skin is on the dryer side
this cream gives me deep absorbed moisture
it absorbs after a few circular motions
using fab's facial radiance pads at night
your pours look so good."
very soft and my pores are minimizes.
it absorbs well into my skin
keeps moisture on the skin overnight
the deep moisture softens my skin
while it gives me moisture
each jar comes with a scoop
this absorbs so quickly without the greasy feel
soaks in right away
fast absorbing face cream
this is my second jar of shiseido wrinkle resist.
it helps diminish the deep lines
absorbs quickly without greasy feeling
isn't sticky or clumpy
love it, light absorbs quickly, but not greasy.
my skin started to regain it's moisture
it truly delivers moisture all night
hydrates even the driest of skins without clogging pores
a moisturizer without it rubbing off in little balls
the moisture helps with fine lines
even though this is an emulsion
it hydrates my skin very well to give a good base for my later makeups
sahara desert in the cheeks
it is light and absorbs quickly.
i am always a little wary of moisturizers because my pores clog so easily
my pores aren't clogged.
absorbs pretty quickly into my skin
dab some eye cream
gives great long lasting moisture
sinks into your skin
creates immediate moisture to my skin
this product is thicker
don't let the liquid
creamy enough to spread all over my forehead
love how it slathers easily and absorbs quickly.
air heating made my skin dry
it gives my skin all the moisture it needs
it's non-greasy and absorbs very quickly.
absorbs into the skin practically on contact
it softens my skin instantly
it completely eliminated my dry skin areas by applying the benefiance enriched balancing softener 1st
then the benefiance revitalizing emulsion on top
it absorbs into my skin
gives it the moisture it needs
my face feels moisture
the moisture is intense
if comes with a spatula to help you prevent this
i glop it underneath my eyes
definitely hydrates my under eyes.
plumps up the skin under my eyes
dab it on your eye contour area
day time i use eye cream with spf to prevent more lines
i recommend using your ring or pinky finger to gently smooth over eye area
it takes a bit to soak in
it makes his bags vanish
the cream does not absorb well on my eye lids
it is the thickest cream i have used for my eyes.
the product comes with a little spatula to help get the product out
it's rich but absorbs quickly!
this eye cream is thick
this product is thick
plumps out eye area
it really smoothes the area below my eyes
it works really well with an eye serum underneath
its not greasy, it absorbs through the night.
it absorbs very fast
gently massage it into the eye area
make-up goes on smoothly leaving no creasing.
the usual dry skin
that never dries away
it soaks in enough that it doesnt rub on my pillow
fills in fine lines
it minimizes the appearance of dry
after trying millions of wipes
the tissues have matting powder in them
it also absorbs the oil
money saving tip: i use a clean pair of scissors
even the bare wipes by josie maran would irritate sometimes
has the right amount of wetness
the case keeps towelettes moist
these wipes are so light
kinds of facial wipes from both high-
both sides of one towelette remove your entire face makeup including lip stains
these wipes leave no residue behind
does not shed little fabric 'hairs' into your eyeballs
i used the josie maran bear naked wipes before
these wipes are pricey
not over powering like other face wipes
the container is very easy to seal
they come in a smali plastic rectangular container
has a plastic film over
an oval shapped clear flim that you open/peel back to remove the cloths
close to keep the cloths moist
fresh while the packaging keeps them from drying out
the sheets are soothing
it also cleans very well.
there's already foam included in each piece of the cleansing cloth
doesn't dry out the wipes
they remove waterproof/smudge proof/"everything" proof mascara
so that the interior sheets don't dry out
can be drying on my eyelids
a container with a better seal
i recommend storing box upside-down so wipes don't dry out
without drying out my face
very gently on the skin
to ease the guilt i use these wipes
instead of spritzing the pureness water out onto a cotton pad
eye make-up without drying out my skin
moist enough to effectively remove a full face of makeup
or sticky/oily residue
i love these wipes!
the pureness sheets are everything
cleaning sheet under the sun
the sheets have a fresh
gunk from the day off
moisture surge fortifying by clinique
also i'm super oily and keeps oil at bay.
love how it absorbs and keeps you matte.
clean on the skin
it absorbs right into the skin
really keeps the oily away
dissipates once the fluid dries
t just glides through your skin
is the bottle/pump
it provides the perfect amount of moisture to my oily/blemish prone skin without any drying side-effects
it absorbs quickly with a matte finish.
finally found a moisture that don't irritate my skin
it doesn't clog my pores a all
sometimes the oil absorbing powder settle from its liquid components
with a slick of oil on them
i would layer blotting powder under my foundation
which leaves dry patches of skin
how fast it absorbed
without drying my skin
light-weight gel that absorbs quickly
i only need to blot my face with the blotting papers
non greasy at all- non sticky
finish off with a light mist of model in a bottle makeup setting spray
i even switched from liquid foundation to powdered
it is absorbed very quickly
it doesn't clog my pores
i finish with some loose powder to be more matte
that it will absorb into skin
the product soaks up well in your skin
it's very light and half-gel.
taking it off with a hot washcloth
no oily feeling, just soaks in,
it absorbs the oil
doesn't clog my pores
perfect for oily/comb skin.
the pump helps keep things bacteria away
not greasy and settles in your skin well.
another pump on my cheeks
it hydrates well without causing breakouts
with the blotting papers
it moisturizes without leaving shine
it just sinks into your skin
my skin stays matte all day without the need for oil blotting papers every hour
pros- skin soaks this up- skin feels tighter
i bring oil absorbing sheets with me
it absorbs really quickly and it's lightweight.
absorbs quickly, leaves your skin silky smooth.
my skin is a combination oily / dry
thereby avoiding that weird "squeaky clean" feeling many gels
along with the pureness deep cleansing foam
aside from giving the dewy
it dries within 30 seconds
molds itself to your skin
this gel comes in a glass bottle
hydrates my skin without stickiness or shine
it absorbs well with no stickey residue.
it moisturizes without making your face feel greasy
it gives that extra amount of moisture without all the gunk
gentle cream formula that absorbs super quickly!
this cream gave me moisture
keeps my oily nose
even in high humidity
it keeps my pores looking small all day
i've tried everything from clinique moisture surge extended thirst relief
and i wake up with petal-soft skin.
because this is a gel base it doesn't add greasiness to my face
clinique's moisture surge didn't absorb
the gel-cream absorbs quickly
it absorbs super fast
it moisturizes quickly even though it seems like it disappears on your skin
works great with oily skin.
it absorbs really quickly leaving the skin smoooth
it absorbs into skin very fast
spreads over the skin very easily
like the tip of your fingertip
not as quickly absorbed as most gels
very watery, easy absorbing, no greasy.
it takes a few minutes to sink into the skin
it gives enough moisture to my skin.
my face still breathes
it absorbs quickly and feels cool to the touch.
soaks right into skin
while hotter its also dryer
a jar lasts a long time
nourishes my skin so much
leaves it with that slightly "moist
this the magic cream that eliminated the dryness
this cream absorbs easily
sometimes it takes a little while to absorb as in 3-5 min
i find rich moisturizers are either hard to spread or can block pores
always used a light moisturizer in fear that a heavier one would clog my pores
to combat the dryness from the wash
it's amazing on dry peeling patches in the winter
soaks right into my skin
it is absorbed very quickly
it absorbs quickly and feels so rich.
pores are all tightened
it literally melts upon application without any heavy feel
it moisturizes well without causing breakouts or leaving a greasy finish on the skin
texture is great, and absorbs quickly.
absorbs quickly but hydrates beautifully.
isn't it basically just a silicone mask?
it mildly softens lines
shiseido makes it so that the glass container pops out
it soaks right into your skin
softens it for hours
dissipates in a few minutes
it spreads very easily
delivers the right amount of moisture for my combination skin
my skin just soaked it in
repair the damaged skin
it is super absorbant
this is my first of shisiedo prods.
my skin reacts severely
itchy skin that eventually disappears within a week
this cream has virtually eliminated my pores
softens without feeling greasy or heavy
moisturises without causing greasiness
when i'm done i slather my face in this stuff while my pores are freshly cleansed
balanced moisture for my combination skin
melts into my skin
however immediately it transforms your skin!
my skin is screaming for moisture
rub it between fingers
it melted right in my skin
oily skin during summers
it doesn't absorb totoally into my skin
it adds lots of moisture
it draws moisture from the air
pulls it to the skin
it absorbs into the skin very quicky
i've had dry skin around my cheeks
it goes on silky and absorbs quickly.
not thick, greasy or heavy.
perfect for la's dry heat
it was irritated more my any saliva while sleeping
melts into the skin without any irritation
dry skin because of the tightening element in the cream
its just enough moisture to balance the skin
t-zone does get oily at night as my skin recharges
in any case it absorbs immediately
it shaves off the product
then moving on to regular antiaging moist
my pores are much smaller
the luxurious cream really absorbs into the skin without feeling greesy at all
it fills the creases of the wrinkles around the eyes
absorb so rich into the skin
my skin is squeaky clean
cleans away all the impurities
it is also very foamy
they started adding microbeads
this cream turns into foam
turns into a creamy mound of lather
i love how much it foamed.
it cleans very well
it foams up into a very creamy lather that rinses away quickly
this cleansing foam brightens gently
this product gently cleans skin
my pores are smaller
it creates this big luxurious light foam
it gets off dirt
while it is incredibly foamy
does clean all the impurities
it even cleaned out the blackheads on my nose!
it foams up without leaving skin feeling tight or stripped of moisture
love the lather it produces
it made my skin squeaky clean
it cleans off all the excessive oil
it washes away all the dirt and oil.
after you rinse it off
if your skin has clogged pore issue
put it on your palms after soaking them in water
then rub them to create the "foam"
it suds up quickly to clean the skin
it is a very foamy cleaner
very foamy and lathers great!
it cleanses your face really well
brightening" does not equal "reverses years of sun damage" or " makes skin pigment disappear
the white lucent line also has a softener
a small amount works into a foamy/ fluffy low lather
it makes a lot of foam
it really isnt that foamy to me
it deep cleans and whitens the skin.
it washes away all impurities.
this not only cleans
the tiniest amoutn will lather your entire face.
my pores are smaller
it does strip a tiny amount of your face oil
my pores stopped being clogged
it rinses totally clean
my skin is squeaky clean
it rinses off with one splash
foams up really nicely
i received a sample using 100 rewards points of this the shiseido "white lucent brightening cleansing foam"
my face is cleared of almost all pores
a small dollop of it works into a rich lather.
brightens your face and clears it of impurities.
it is super foamy
it lathers so nicely
the texture of this cleanser is so wonderfully thick that i feel like it sticks onto your skin while cleansing
pulls out all dirt
it lathers up into this rich foam that feels so good on your skin
it cleans everything on your face, dirt an pore.
it gets my face prepared to absorb the toner.
clean away all the dirt
it gently cleanses my skin
it rinses off easily without scrubbing
nice creamy foam without leaving any residue behind
my skin is on the drier side
just a smidge works up a rich foamy lather.
it disappears into my skin
it also soaks in very quickly
while absorbing quickly into my skin
dry skin without causing breakouts or leaving greasy residue
leaves no greasy film behind
soft as it gets absorbed into the skin
my pores appeared smaller
in the pump bottle
absorbs very quickly - good for mornings !
this cream is thick
it prevents/lightens scars
moisturizes without over-greasing up my face
their brightening protective cream absorbs quickly
it works wonders on dry skin
[i have an oily t-zone with dry cheeks
it seems to reduce the size of my pores as well.
also protect your skin from sun damages
provides excellent moisture for my dry skin
this is a thick cream
this cream is so thick
it absorbs very fast.
cleanses well without drying
melts into your skin
dry on the cheeks
quick to absorb into the skin
good creamy texture that absorbs quickly for make up application
make up removers around my eyes
i don't know if this really brightens or de puffs
i started using this product for peeling of skin on my eyelids
then dab an extra layer into the skin under my eyes just to make sure it's saturated
in the morning, i apply just a thin layer.
my lids are oily
it is a thick cream, but it absorbs so nicely!
it slathers really well
it all gets in my fingertips
however it absorbs quickly
this creamis just the right thickness
after a spat of ridiculously dry upper eyelid due to ocd makeup removal that dried out the skin/left it raw
my lids can get oily
because it moisturizes i found it helped reduce my sometimes dry red lids
it sinks in immediately
using this product has restored moisture
my skin can take potent acids
cleans skin without harsh chemicals.
this face wash doesn't foam when using
rinse off with water
my nose pores get congested
after using this pores are noticeably decongested
t never dries out my skin
helps with the appearance of pores
balanced without over-drying
my pores begin to clog
that it diminishes oil without mercilessly stripping it
it cleans my skin nicely
softly without leaving a residue
it foams slightly and does not overdry the skin.
cleansed, but not bone dry.
it still feels like it dissolves the grease
the pore minimizing mask
soft with no residue
the consistancy feels like spit
it evens my skin out without over-drying.
it cleans deep down
keeps my skin clear without over drying.
just a small pump of the gel
rub gently on your face with fingers
it is trying to "dry" the oiliness
drying tends to cause rebound oiliness
it cleanses well and removes makeup nicely.
i also use a sonic face brush
polluants that clog my pores
the gel doesn't foam
it dissolves the excess sebum
my pores look smaller
in a bag on the inside of the tube
sweat without stripping my skin
it cleans beautifully without irritating by skin.
plus it foams lightly
my skin alternates between oily with dry spots
this face wash has helped to normalize skin overall
it gently removes my mineral powder foundation at night
blue cypress facial wash leaves my face super clean
it cleanses my skin without leaving it dry or tight
since i use the clarisonic brush
it cleans my skin just enough without drying it.
love the clear jello-y texture when it gets pumped out from the bottle
it transforms into a light lather that goes on a bit cool on the skin
it totally removes dirt
after patting my skin dry
massaged into dry skin
washed off with water
this product cleans well without aggravating my skin
slough off dead skin
push things out of the pores
i noticed my pores are smaller
will not get foamy
doesn't really lather or foam up
the plastic bottle can withst
still it cleans your skin perfectly
this product does not foam
it simply disappears into your h
magically washing it thoroughly without drying it out to shreds
flaky reddish skin on my forehead
it's the consistency of a body butter.
take it off with a hot wash cloth
doesn't irritate my skin or eyes
the directions recommend rubbing it in your h
t does not foam or lather
calms my skin more
then apply a few dollops of this
going from subfreezing temperatures to dry
my skin feels clean not coated
that had less "gunk" in it
calms my skin down
remove the superficial dirt
i massage 1 pump onto face
while not clogging pores
leave it on like a mask while i brush my teeth
because it calms my skin
the pump dispenser is handy, too.
it works for swollen eyes and smoothing skin.
it only needs a roller ball.
my stubborn puffy bags
i get puffy on my eyelids
this gel is safe for the lids.
since using this eye gel
how it rubs in
it absorbs nicely without creeping into my eyes
the gel is absorbed really easily.
this goes on like liquid
light gel that absorbs quickly!
reduces my puffy eyes
this product: absorbs quickly and is not greasy.
even put right up to the lashline
it absorbs quickly without any residue left behind
my mother did comment that this gel absorbs quickly
the way the product stays fresh is in a sealed pump
really absorbs into my skin
it absorbs really well
it absorbs quickly and is super leightweight.
it enters my skin easily
not thick or oily
found it to be a perfect amount of moisture
it absorbs well into the skin
it absorbs quickly to leave me with soft skin
then absorbs quickly leaving no oily feel
it's not heavy and absorbs easily.
moisture without being heavy.
soaks in really well.
this night cream absorbs well
this soothes all current skin issues
my skin is much firmer with reduced pore size
it dissipates within a couple minutes
moisture retention for my skin is a constant battle
gives a good amount of moisture
the t-zone balancing fluid during the day
it goes on thick
it soaks right into your skin
has no type of "residue" or greasiness left
on top of the oil it takes ages to soak in
soothes the sensitive bits
the product easily absorbed into my skin
needed extra moisture at night
it irritates my nose
this cream tightens skin
it smooths out wrinkles, and works wonders!
it dissipates almost immediately
my orange peel sized pores less prominent
i massaged just a tiny pea sized amount onto my face
my orange peel-sized pores appeared smaller
my pores are almost gone
not too oily and it absorbs easily.
absorbs well for my maturing skin
the natural fragrance dissipates shortly after putting it on
this is a light cream that absorbs into your skin within seconds of blending it in
is immediately absorbed right into my skin
it soaks right in
my skin absorbed the cream
it soaks right in
tightening as it dries
as it dries it flakes off everywhere.
however, it does not minimize pores.
my skin clears right up
this mask blows the glamglow masks out of the water
pulls impurities out so well
it really helps minimize my pores
the pore minimizing isn't permanent
it seems to minimize my pores a bit
this mask really dries down like a proper clay mask
it does reduce my pores
this mask does work for minimizing your pores
i find that rubbing it once it's dry sort of exfoliates my skin
this product actually works in clearing up my pores
this works to shrink my pores
when i use it with a regular pore strip
it's not a peel off mask, but a rub off mask.
i wouldn't say it makes my pores invisible
after i gently rub it off
congested pores are a big issue
my pores visibly reduce in size
as far as minimizing my pores
after the first use of the mask i was amazed how it cleaned out my pores
my skin was really cleansed and smoothed.
reduce my oily zones
this is my go to clay mask!!!
my nose pores always seem smaller after i use it.
my pores did get smaller after using this mask
it's amazing to see all the oil that this clay mask pulls out when it dries
it does make the skin around my nose peel
it works very well for cleaning my pores
i usually steam my face first with a hot cloth
cleaned out my pores quite well
the product basically comes out in clumps
i highly recommend this mask for unclogging pores
cleaned away the dirt
pores definitely look smaller
this mask really tightens my pores
glowy after using it
it completely unclogged pores after one use
it removed sebum/oil slick well.
my pores looked smaller
i've used a lot of clay masks
not only does it draw out the impurities
my skin glows when i rinse it off
it keeps breakouts away
it takes approximately 15-25 minutes for the mask to completely dry
instead, i use hot wash cloth to remove it.
here's the lowdown: this clay mask is more focused on cleaning out clogged pores to brighten
it does not function as a "peel."
once it has dried
i rinse off with warm water as opposed to using my fingers
not sticky like some other clay masks i've used
this mask is great for drawing out impurities
it also tightens the pores and the face.
you can see the mask draw out impurities
excess sebum from the face
after the mask dries there are small spots all over the face marking all the impurities
excess sebum withdrawn from the face
it tightens the skin a bit
use only your fingertips
dripping into the travel bottle
oil before they clog the pores
the milky white glass shattered in the middle of my shower
clears the breakouts fairly quick
the tube was easier
it's a heavy glass bottle that is slippery in the shower
my skin on my face dries out easily
the glass bottle is not only slippery when wet
it heals my breakouts faster and prevents them.
my pores look smaller
my skin hasn't dried out
due to the glass bottle
it dries out your acne so quick!!!!
which is easily dried out
i apply it to clean dry skin
as it is fairly acidic
very drying leaving skin tight
it was really working to get rid of some deeply clogged pores
using this on dry skin
my skin basically purged out all the crud clogging my pores
then use the pink brush
lightly rub in circular motions until the oil feeling rinses off
my main skin concern is clogged pores that rarely come to a head
rubbed onto dry skin
rinsed off- so the bottle lasts forever
at night i use simple micellar water on a cotton ball
use a clay mask afterwards
combination/dehydrated skin that reacts very badly to anything that dries it out
my pores are refined
control my oily skin
bha works beautifully because it cleans the surface level
clears my skin up very quickly
big painful underneath the skin surface
i decided to try the dermadoctor picture porefect which reduces the appearance of pores
this dried up pimples fast
sweat everyday doesn't help
unclogs pores with out overdrying or irritating my skin like this product
i feel the cleanser really shrinks the pimple.
i also used to get tiny comedones on my forehead
then wash off with warm water
that it cleans my skin
use it to emulsify the wash
the first couple of times all the dead skin from the glycolic acid made the brush a dingy brown color
my pores are smaller
its not over drying.
it zaps blemishes faster than you'd believe.
i did have the peeling clumping issue at one point
i do get flakes occasionally
my skin cleared up beautifully on the pill
clears my group blemishes overnight
it is a bit drying
you have pus or liquids still coming out
this serum keeps the breakouts around my mouth at bay
has helped with large pores
other ingredients that cleared up my breakouts without causing dry peeling
it's not that the salicylic acid is more concentrated
no residue built up
my favorite part of this product was the packaging that suctions the product out into the pump
see how it reacts with your skin first
i apply a layer on
only downside is that it peels sometimes
it is a bit drying
it never dries my skin out
sometimes if i've layered it on too thick
other skin clearing products dry my skin out
it clears up skin
i usually finish up with fresh's rose mask to soothe my skin
this face wash is so gentle
this facial wash clears out all impurities
just scrub for 1-2 mins
i also use the microdelivery peel
a brush to really clean my skin
after using this exfoliating i noticed that my skin regenerates faster than before
my pores looks so much cleaner
it gets rid of dry skin
it also dries my skin
i find that it smooths out my face perfectly before makeup application
i love this one because it also exfoliates gently
it has very fine granules
t gets into the pores
i've used so many washes
it's a gentle exfoliation since the gritty bits are so tiny
it clears up any sebum filaments he sometimes gets on his nose
this product peeled away my dead skin
even though i cleaned the brush religiously
i honestly think it was trapping bacteria
pushing it into my pores
the scrub particles arw small enough to not cause irritation
i apply with my fingers in the shower
it's probably too abrasive for a sonic brush
this cleans both normal
the microbeads exfoliated those away
also, you know those bumps from clogged pores?
it has tiny beads
it honestly just smells like deep ocean sea salt
without the use of microbeads
refreshed without either over drying
gentle with just enough grit to remove the grime from the day
non drying face wash that leaves my skin polished
no more peeling skin.
my pores are diminished
it keeps the flakes away!
i also believe the tiny grains stimulate the skin
this face wash has tiny exfoliating crystals that scrub away dry patches
yet i feel it really cleans your pores well
didn't use it until recently when i had some skin issues: clogged pores
this wash is super mild but packs a punch.
this is more of a milky liquid heavily saturated with tiny exfoliating particles
i finally feel like i've found a face wash that helps exfoliate my skin without tearing it up
gets off a good layer of dead skin cells
gently massaging this into my face for at least 30 seconds
with my clarisonic it got to a nice foamy lather rinse is really clean
it does foam a little
it also does get into my large pores
helped my flaky combination skin get smooth after using peels
really cleans the pores
i just splash a little bit of my toner into my palm along with the serum then apply to my face
this thins the consistency a bit
the product absorbs into the skin
this serum really smoothes in well afterwards
my pores are shrinking
it also manages to control oiliness
it makes my pores seem wayy smaller
my large pores seemed to disappear
together with the daily peels, amazing!!!!!!
is not runny/ liquidy like a lot of serums
once opened all of the anti oxidants would break down after being exposed to air
this leaves not a trace of grease.
my skin is combination, oily with dry patches.
adequately hydrates without feeling too heavy or oily
doesn't irritate the eyes
the moisture level in this cream
love the squeeze tube packaging as well.
and not too oily for my forehead.
dry version is significantly thicker on your skin than the dry combination
absorbs quickly into the skin
it goes on smoothly and absorbs nicely.
absorbs so well overnight
prevented dry patches on my cheeks
soaks right into the skin
it's just a high performance product that moisturizes without feeling like grease
thick and rich, not greasy.
it did not cause any breakouts or clog pores.
this does not contain a sun screen
dry cheeks with slightly oily t-zone
i get tons of compliments on my skin
it absorbs very quickly
the tube keeps the product nice and clean!
my pores are smaller
this stuff is a bit thick but soaks in well.
peel off on to my pillow
i'll switch to the one for oily skin
absorbs quickly without a greasy or heavy feeling
my pores looked smaller
doesn't clog my giant pores
even at 55 my skin veers toward oily.
doesn't leave a thick residue on the face
it absorbs pretty quickly
also dries out very easily
expose the product to possible bacteria
dry in the cheeks
oily in the forehead
soaks right into my skin without any greasy feeling
pairs fantastically with moisture surge.
not a fan of grease looking face
it's kept the freezing cold dry crackle away from my skin all winter
seems like it reduces wrinkles
finger dipping into a jar
absorbs in relatively quickly
the combination-dry formulation seemed to "peel" a bit when i applied foundation afterwards
applying a very thin layer of a 2
not shine like a grease ball
just sinks right into your skin
it absorbs quickly and doesn't feel greasy.
i've tried both the combo/oily
which adds added moisture
it is so quickly absorbed into my skin
i gently pat it in
the excess i pat into my lips
it smooths out any wrinkles you have
it really reduces wrinkles
when used with a filler
pat it on gently
absorbs instantly into the skin
removes tiny undereye wrinkles
this product smoothes away little lines
paralyze your muscles in that area
the cucumber extract helps to immediately wake me up
this one absorbs quickly
keeps me from drying in other areas
this even keeps my makeup from settling by absorbing excess oil
it sinks in instantly
it moisturizes well without leaving any residue on the skin
after i apply it using a patting dabbing motion
it usually soaks in within a few minutes
my pores are smaller
this is amazing for slimy oily skin.
it helps keep oil at bay
unadvertised effect of this lotion: reduced pores
the clay sucks out the blackheads over time
your pores can contract
it disappears within seconds as the moisturizer absorbs into your skin
this product absorbs into your skin
that goes away quickly as it absorbs in
this lotion absorbs quickly into the skin
leaves no unpleasant residue
it absorbs very quickly into my skin
it gives moisture to the dry areas of my skin
it manages to provide my skin with moisture throughout the day without a trace of "slick
it soaks right in
the argan oil is not a pore clogging
i've got a super oily forehead, nose, and chin.
makeup lasts for two hours on these parts of my face before melting off in to a nasty puddle of oil
this lotion absorbs quickly
it goes on sticky
after a minute it's absorbed nicely in the skin
which leaves my skin dry
it absorbs into the skin quickly.
works with my liquid or powder foundations
it hydrates enough without making me oily
dense enough to keep your face moist during the winter
this product moisturizes my dry patches while not being too oily for my breakout-prone chin area
it hydrates without leaving my skin oily
as soon as the weather warms up my skin gets oily
absorbs in the skin
evaporates quickly without leaving your face looking shiny
peels to get rid of that
not too drying and absorbs quickly.
keeps the oil at bay
it just disappears without any residue or oiliness
a small dab of this cream spreads like
balances my oily spots
leaving my skin with small dry reddened patches on my chin
then creates tiny pimples or blocked oil ducts
the umbrian clay products have cleared up my skin
this keeps my oily skin at bay
non-greasy, light weight, fast absorption.
it is a really lightweight formulation that sinks into the skin
i dust a little powder on top and i am done.
it sinks into your skin so fast
it doesn't increase my oiliness
this gets your skin squeaky clean.
it leaves no residue
it doesn't clog my pores
it absorbs quickly and help keep the oil away.
still makes my skin moisture
has locked in moisture
it literally gets absorbed
the consistency melts right into your skin
it's a solid product that keeps skin moist until the following morning
full without the greasiness
absorbs into the skin
quickly absorbs into my skin
leaves skin fresh n moist.
apply a good amount of product on my cheeks
notice my pores are smaller
sinks right into the skin
the nighttime bienfait absorbs better
absorbs without leaving an oily sheen.
its not thick or oily, its perfect!
the moisture it provides for my skin
i just use a smear on both cheekbones
relieves instantly the dryness
feel it absorbs quickly
when the temperature drops my skin feels like a desert
this cream gets rid of my dry patches
doesn't clog or enlarge my pores
makes my skin flake
i tried many products to clean my pores
the dramatically different moisture gel
wouldn't cause oily skin
the spot gel with it
it also dries the skin somewhat in spots
it helps with everyday pore cleansing
i like the feel of the foam
get in there and clean my pores!
good cleaner without the drying effect!
rinses away super clean.
this cleansing foam in the real power player that keeps skin smooth
that clogged my pores even more/irritated my face
t zone is oily and my cheeks are dry.
fresh looking after he washes with this foam
rinses clean and my face feels so soft!
it's a foaming face wash that doesn't dry out your skin
as it was drying
the steps of 3 the wash
after one wash i notice my skin glows.
after several washes my skin has completely improved
i love that it is a foam
this cleansing foam mostly clears up my acne
irritated like the above washes used to
however it's gently effective
i don't use the astringent which dried out my skin
clears/prevents breakouts rapidly
i just squirt some foam on the brush
my glamglow super mud mask help reduce
just disappears into the skin
this dries them out immediately
it disappears in 2 days max
literally shrinks down anything
it brings them to the surface
i dab it in the morning
towels when applying this product before bed
regular bp is too drying to spread over a large area
a deep steam clean once a month
i dab a small amount of the emergency gel on them
it is a bit drying
while the tube is a
dries very easily with most blemish reducing products
it applies thinly, has no scent and absorbs well.
clears up my pimples fast
i've used the gel before and it's too drying.
without completely nuking my skin
usually using the emergency gel-lotion once a day for two days clears up my pimple completely
this tube lasts me forever
it is more drying than the spot gel
clears up skin quickly
it is absorbed instantly
could be more moist
after it absorbs i apply belif moisture bomb
clears up the leftover marks
day fluid from this line
dab this stuff directly onto the zit
i remove it with a warm washcloth
it "lightens up" the scars immediately
it lightens a spot within seconds!
i also stopped using it on my forehead because it was causing some clogged pores
keep this product out of the light or else it'll oxidize
my purpose for using was to shrink my pores
the top layer got very dry
murad gels tend to leave a filmy feeling on the skin
be sure to let the gel dry thoroughly before applying makeup or laying on bedsheets
the bottle turned yellow because the serum reacted with oxygen- so keep it sealed
cleanse my pores without drying my skin
the pads hold up to stubble
really tightened my pores
can leak if your suitcase flips all over the place
i love these toner pads so much!
they tighten your pores
it takes the day's grime right off!
his pores were tight
in the liquid form
keeps the zits at bay nicely
my pores are smaller
was concern about his pores
smaller pores and less oily skin.
it was perfect to get the grime
the lint free pads are super convenient.
t dehydrates the skin after it evaporates off
i like these pads.
it cleans his oily skin easily
his pores have even decreased
it helps clean my pores
can be easily carried in a gym bag or duffel bag
my pores are getting smaller
it is non-drying
the pre-moisten wipes
he picked the anthony's astringent pads
dead skin cells they remove
these pads keep my skin clear
these toner pads are really great
then use a separate dry pad to remove the excess toner
the pores on my nose are smaller as well
i usually dont use astringent pads
they clean off the excess dirt off the skin
i own two jars
dirt that was left over from the make-up remover clogged the pad
my pores are smaller
it does help with minimizing pores
my pores are smaller
ncredibly thick that you feel like you're smearing tar all over your face
moisturizers with the same result: sloughing/piling
absorbs completely through the night
doesn't clog my pores
i can't even *feel* my pores
vinoperfect day perfecting fluid since i turned 40
my pores are noticeably smaller
it comes out thick
makes my pores look smaller
i think it helps to minimize pores.
hydrates perfectly without being heavy!
dab it onto face
fast absorption into skin.
it helps fade away the blemishes so much faster
i love how well it moisturizes without clogging my pores
altogether a nice correcting cream
dryness around my mouth area
it doesn't clog my pores or irritate my skin.
reduces the size of my pores
this product is thick
my face is a mess: oily-tzone
use this cream with the peel pads nightly
this soothes it immediately.
it absorbs well before bedtime
it absorbs nicely into the skin so you don't have an oily film on top
can get 4-5 uses from the pads.
my skin soaks it in and becomes soft and glowing.
s off of my cheeks
my skin reacts to everything
with the peel pads which i use every other day
along with the ptr peel pads
goes on light, absorbs quickly.
doesn’t rub off all over my pillowcase
didn't give me any clogging pores
the cream absorbed quickly and was not greasy.
it just melts into you skin
my pores seem smaller
a little drying for me on my legs
great to keep it bacteria free
on my body it helps to contain
drys out breakouts pretty well.
leaves the skin squeaky clean
i naturally have oily skin
it is a bit drying
the foam is mostly water
and a washcloth on my body.
body mitt every time i shower
use clinique's moisture surge cream during the day
this bars cleans my face
body well in the shower
the "foam" just goes away with water
the bar lasts longer than the foam
chest in the shower
works with your skin
this cleans without stripping
i can definitely say it helps reduce ingrown bikini line hairs
i prefer to use a soft wash cloth on my face
start to dissipate as you take showers
i jumped into the shower to rinse off
this creates a thick foam
rinses without apparent residue
doesn't strip my skin
the usual bar for oily skin
felt cleansed while using it.
i even like translucent case that prevents shower water from dissolving the bar into mush
cleans my face without stripping my oily skin.
i love that it cleans well without drying my skin out
this formula foam nicely
reduce some texture on my cheeks
my pores look smaller
deep cleaned without irritating it
it keeps my pores unclogged
the gel peel is amazing
it really purifies my pores
this helps clean out my pores
use is great for pore refinement since it removes debris from large pores developed over the years
just a cleanser that wiped away the day's dirt
paired with the boscia roll on charcoal mask
s together until foamy
rinse with lukewarm water
with the complexion clearing konjac sponge
it gets just foamy enough
a half for my blemishes to diminish with just cleaning
it foams and cleans very well!
the toner spray made my pores appear smaller
this keeps my skin in check without adding harsh acids
this is the first cleanser i have used that really does shrink pores
have been using it with the konjac clay clearing sponge
i love the way it lathers
doesnt have that gross residue feeling
sulfur mask which is managing my skin really well since ptr is very drying
products with salicylic acid usually breaks me out
drying on my skin
rinses off completely clean
keeps breakouts at bay
it lathers up really nicely
my pores are less visible
it is minutely drying
it leaves it super oily-free
didn't strip my skin
never dries my skin out
it clears away my blemishes
cleans deep even when i'm just using my h
it really cleans the skin
when i first used the product it was foamy
it purifies pores except the ones on my nose
errs on the side of oily
clear away everyday toxins that gather on my face
the gel is really easy to foam up
it rinses away leaving my face feel smooth
this product cleanses very thoroughly without drying out your skin
you have some gross waxy skin
it is doing wonders for clearing my skin/shrinking my pores
keeps my oily skin under control
a squeaky clean face afterwards without over drying my skin
my pores around my nose
it doesn't clog my pores
lumpy feeling build up of sebum under my cheeks
it was very cooling sensation
smooth without any drying effects
just dab it on as a spot treatment
it has no effect on clogged pores or blackheads.
my pores are smaller
moisturizes without clogging my pores.
elasticity it snaps back nicely
my pores are clean
this product doesn't clog my pores
i cut half of a lemon
put three drops of honey smoothed it on my face than washed it after one min
this helps maintain my clear skin without drying.
clean once it dries
my pores are unclogging
gob it on at night
it clears up pretty quickly without over-drying
non-drying and speeds skin regeneration
pores seem less noticeable
it goes on well and absorbs nicely.
the clear complexion treatment soaks in very quickly
i like this product because it soaks into my skin quickly
cleared my skin without harsh chemicals.
drying of skin- just results
without peeling of drying out the skin
his pores seem diminished in size
becasue it gently clears up your skin.
because it layers well under 6 tons of sunscreen.
it is gradually clearing up my skin
of course a lovely collection of blackheads on my nose
i think this helps skin retain moisture after cleansing or using ptrs sulfur mask
mine is prone to whiteheads, open pores.
sebum levels throughout the day
starts to burn at the slightest trigger
the base works really well also as it gets rid of redness without a greyish or cakey film
it does not suds up or foam
it gets oily after a while
one i started massaging on to dry skin
my makeup melted away
have combination oily skin
still rinses cleanly without any residue left on skin
i apply to dry skin
does not clog pores
urban decay liquid liner
it does not foam.
by merely wiping it with a dry tissue
it leaves a residue if you don't rinse well
it is non-drying
it was gently enough to not irritate my pores
it's soothing and softens my skin while cleaning.
if you're a heavy make-up wearer
it says it "melts" the dirt
rubbing it into your skin it feels almost greasy.
it does diminish while soothing the heat
extra gentle cleanser; non-drying.
tones down my redness without drying out my skin
soothing while massaging it into my skin
it also does a really good job meting the excess sebum
dirt in your pores
moist with no greasy feeling
it cleans my skin without over-drying it
my face flushes a lot
found something that tames it
it cleans, stimulates and soothes.
it doesn't lather up
exfoliated skin that isn't red when i leave the shower
it is lotion like and rinses off cleanly.
it keeps a lot of moisture in your skin
cleans without damaging it
the gel prevents your pores from getting clogged by the moisturizers
in the winter my red skin starts to flake
totally took the heat out of my cheeks.
this cream is thick enough
dry my skin out
this cream really soothes that area of my face
it is a thicker cream
it literally melts into your skin leaving super soft
it calms my pink cheeks and really moisturizes.
great combination when used with moisture surge gel cream
lots of moisture without the oil and irritation.
takes some time to absorb
i started with moisture surge
this cream calms instantly.
it cools and smooths upon application!
non greasy and works for my oily skin.
it helps soothe it down
this cream calms my face
this keeps all elemental issues away from my skin
sun or cold air
the redness has been easily covered up with mineral powder or bb cream
it calms my skin
i love the white cloth that also comes along with it to wipe it off with before rinsing
i used the entire jar.
i feel it actually brings some moisture to my stressed skin without clogging pores or causing breakouts
the cream is soothing and absorbs quickly.
less hot burning cheeks
actually it was the 3 piece redness relief bundle
humidity without my pores clogging
excess shine more than flushing
broken capillaries like i have
it's great to be rid of rosacea's throbbing heat
it calms my skin down
helps it return to a less flushed look
its non oily and absorbs quickly.
while your pores are still open
it absorbs the best
it automatically relieves any post-shower irritation
cools down my cheeks
bobbi brown spf 50 face base
absorbs quickly into the skin
absorbs quickly, doesn't clog pores
it's light and sinks in to skin quickly.
it tightens my skin
this glides on easily!
it is easily absorbed.
adds sun protection without irritating my skin or clogging my pores
so my skin is moist when applied
this cream does not clog my pores in the deep south heat
comes with spf 15 which is great for protecting skin from the sun
gives me good moisture
it is not so heavy that it clogs your pores
makes my skin even dryer
will nurish the skin withut leaving it oily.
my deep wrinkles disappear!
the product smoothed out my skin
it's like rubbing marmalade on your face.
cane daily peel in 20% is a game changer
s to rinse it off
it's almost like a goo texture
upon wiping it off with the cloth
from sheet masks to clay masks to sleep masks i have probably tried it
instantly soothes dry skin and plumps it!
the mask loosens everything up
the cloth wipes it away
i also use the origins charcoal mask first before applying this mask though
it made my pores so much smaller too!
diminishes texture with one application
medium layer before i go to bed
been batteling congested pores for a while now tried a ton of products
also this product stays moist the entire time
i left a thin layer on overnight
it minimized my huge pores around my nose so well
it gets rid of the puffy bags
i noticed improvement as soon as i rinsed it off
wash it off with a warm cloth
i left a thin coat on for ten minutes after a shower
my pores have decreased
my pores were definitely smaller
alternate ren with glam glow or a more drying charcoal mask
it is a gel and goes on easily.
i noticed an instant tightness of my pores
it makes my sun damaged
rinsed off with a clean wash cloth
it helps remove flakes
it tames break outs
spread bacteria around more
with a warm washcloth wiped it off
this is one of the different masks/peels that i tried
unlike the ole lemon strip peel
appropriate because the thick paste
the mask will make your face tingle slightly as the acids slough off dead skin
after using the enclosed cloth to wipe
it's actually a light glycolic peel
this is a gel mask that gently
it clears every pore and makes them disappear!
apply ren flash rinse 1 minute facial to cleansed
it does also soothe
this mask is thick
it washes off easily with a warm flannel
removed it first with a damp towel
then rinsed it off with warm water just as how the package directed
my whiteheads dried up
used some pore strips to remove them
peels all the time
it removes some pesky flakes
which was horribly drying
the mask goes on a little sticky
store it away from moisture and humidity (i.e.
it keeps my pores clean
unclogged because i believe the ingredients speed up the regeneration process of skin cells
therefore sloughing off dead skin before pores become clogged
to protect the sensitive areas i just apply a very thin layer
goopy when putting it on
then rinse off with warm water
this powder does the trick.
found a little rinse with micellar water over the palms of my h
fingers totally neutralizes any lingering smell
put in my palm
blend into my face oil
i agree the spoon/packaging is fiddly
i wish they could sell the applicator spoon
powder can be messy to use
or spillage or waste
i place 1 scoop in my palm
stir it up with a toothpick
put the mixture on my face
tightens up my skin
it takes a few tries to get used to spooning the powder into moisturizer without spilling it
it absorbs into the skin after a while
my pores are smaller
it comes with a tiny spoon
you can use a spoonful or less
i cut the wipes in half
mix it with your cream in the middle of your palm before you slather it on
the little scooper is tricky to use
the powder goes everywhere
add the powder to it
it doesn't clump or smell.
i mixed it with philosophy take a deep breath gel moisterizer
it dissolves very quickly
no clumps or white residue
really like the way it absorbs into my skin
exposing it to air won't cause it to degrade like serums would
it dissolves quickly in my skin.
i simply mix 1/2 to 3/4 scoop
you don't have worry about oxidizing
love how it protects skin
it was super peel-y around the edges
covered in a nasty scab
goes on smoothly with good absorption
absorbs quickly and feels clean.
absorbs fast and hydrates under-eye area.
visibly reduces dark circles on contact
veins along my eye lids
it comes with a tiny spatula that helps with application
the jar is tiny
this creme really smooths out
absorbs quickly it will help prevent my concealer from creasing
just be sure to dab a tiny amount on.
it soaks into the skin fast
it quickly soaks in, leaving zero residue behind.
it also dries perfectly without any stickiness
it's lightweight and absorbs fast.
i especially like how it absorbs quickly
it helps absorb any oil
surprisingly it minimizes my pores
it just makes my skin glow instead of shine uncontrollably
leavings your skin so smooth
absorbs into my skin so nicely
gel like texture that absorbs quickly
it absorbs right into my skin
i wear this underneath the murad oil control mattifier with spf
i feel it absorbs very quickly
absorbs quickly without leaving your skin sticky
like flakey/peeling dry
gel does not leave a greasy skin
it absorbs very quickly
put another less slick moisturizer over top to seal in the dewy essence overnight
it absorbs quickly - which i love.
maintain the moisture all day
almost has a silicone texture
silky surface no sticky residues
the gel absorbs quickly
yet moisturizes all the "normal" parts of my face
it is cool going on and it absorbs quickly.
there was a protectant shield that lay gently over the opening
began to soak up the gel
instantly sinks into the skin
most moisturizers break me out and clog my pores.
absorbs into the skin quickly
dries fast on your skin
i ultimately chose this because it is a gel that provides my oily skin just enough moisture without clogging my pores
this absorbs in seconds
almost immediately gets rids of my dry
seemed to melt into my skin
i put 2-3 thin layers on
my dry flakes were gone
it absorbs super fast
clog up the pores
my pores are smaller
moisture surge does that job
it absorbs into the skins
your skin literally drinks it up
the gel almost feels cooling when first applied
dabbing this on completely removes them
it dries down fast
moisturize then walk out the door
put it in a pump bottle the jar is messy
the moisture surge is the perfect moisturizer to smooth over the cracks caused by the cold wind
t absorbs really well into the skin
the gel absorbs nicely without leaving any oily residue
dries down matte almost like a gel to powder feeling
soaks in very quickly.
it's not sticky,the skin instantly absorbs it.
my skin absorbs it instantly
it also does not clog my pores
it adds the right amount of moisture without making my skin oily
my skin needs a little more moisture
this product is practically soaked up by my skin
it also stings the skin on application.
it also doesn't pill up when rubbed on
then gradually soaks in
urban decay naked skin
a thin layer is perfect
balancing out the moisture
i've struggled to find a moisturizer that truly absorbs into the skin
as a bonus helps conceal your pores over time
this helps with the dry patches.
the moisturizer seeps into the skin quickly
i like that it comes with a little spatula
such as my cheeks
really plumps the skin
it will not irritate sensitive skin or clog pores
skin: combination skin leaning towards dry lacking hydration
those 2 little blackheads on my right cheek were unclogged
immediately smooths any texture i have
won't clog my pores
it absorbs really quickly though.
it moisturizes my skin without feeling greasy or making my pores larger
it makes your pores vanish
the somewhat thick formula spreads evenly
it lasts on my skin
i find that the smell quickly resolves
hydrates my skin without making it feel oily or greasy
my skin started burning
it made his skin burn
the high cell-turnover rate causes the "balling" up
because of this sloughing off
you are left with velvety smooth skin that has no layers of dead skin underneath
moisturizes without feeling heavy or sticky
it smooths the skin incredibly
have always had large pores
i no longer have to constantly mop my oily zone with blotters
go with clinque moisture surge
disappears once the creme is absorbed into the skin
really oily skin with large pores
it all seeps into my skin perfectly before going to bed
it absorbs within minutes
it absorbs quickly and not greasy.
my skin just glows and my pores are much smaller.
help with my pores
diminishes my laugh lines
a tub lasts a long time
when layered on top of cold plasma
tingles upon first application
hopefully minimize my pores
just brush on some tarte smooth operator
good for sun damaged skin.
it is fantastic for sun damaged pigmented skin.
the texture of this treatment is very quickly absorbing
it evens out your skin
a little powder when i use to cover my skin with foundation
it reduces the lines on my forehead
it strips away impurities without stripping the skin
this thing made my pores disappear!
i used other face washes that caused me to breakout
it draws out impurities
texture without drying out my skin
one pump per wash
it takes 1 small pump on a damp face
rinse with cool water
my pores have also become smaller
it cleans but doesn't strip.
daily grime without stripping skin of its natural oils
in conjunction with the pore minimizer
my pores are a lot smaller
i also use the clarisonic brush
it foams up really easily
your mascara is gone within seconds with no black traces
perricone soap helps remove all the grease
contour the skin while taking off make-up
it gently cleans all my makeup off
it does an excellent job at removing impurities
t zone oily/dry face
this face wash is so gentle
my skin breaks out
it is gently cleaned not dry at all
i do feel that using this cleanser has diminished sebum production in my cheeks
it melts my makeup away
cleans the first time!
i like the way this lightly foams
my pores are actually smaller
soft with smaller pores
it gently ,but effectively cleans my oily skin.
plus i always notice a tightening of my pores.
which tightens up your pores
it does foam up a bit with the brush
it cleanses to perfection without stripping down your skin
it is a gel-like consistency that foams up
cleanses your entire face in one small pump
i love the pump applicator
it cleans without drying.
my pores appearance began to shrink!
it hydrates the skin around my eyes without a heavy feel
i dab a little of this
it helps lift my occasional sagging lids
this stuff actually de-puffs my eyes
actually penetrates into the skin instead of just lying on the top
smooths out fine lines around the eyes
good consistency, absorbs instantly.
it really smoothes the eye area
i love the way it absorbs into my skin
absorbs quickly without interrupting makeup
eyelids 'lift' within minutes of applying this product
immediately smoothed out skin under eyes
younger even in the sunlight
the excess skin under my eyes tends to crinkle up when i smile
not strip any moisture or oil
it cleans without stripping the skin or hair of hydration
medium foam but doesn't strip my skin!
this wash cleanses my skin without drying it
it reduces fine lines, wrinkles and pores.
dirt off your face
they can breath since impurities gone
not stripped of all it's moisture
citrus wash lathers quickly
i knocked the bottle into a cast iron tub
this product really cleanses the skin without drying it out
even gently removes waterproof eye liner
it cleans up my skin nicely
removes make up, leaves face soft but not dry.
it evens out the texture of my skin without drying it out
dark container prevents air from entering the product
so long oily skin!
this instantly calms my skin
the moisture kept in my skin
my skin is soft with noticeably smaller pores
cleaning sensation without over drying.
this product cleans oily skin really well.
unclogged pores yet is non-drying
this cleanser is working wonders on my congested pores
filled pores on my nose
this stuff is taking the gunk away
its a nice light foam
rinses without leaving a tight
my pores seem smaller too
my foundation didnt get oily
also my pores are viryually gone
dissipates after a few minutes
it burns my eyes
i could tell that it cleaned deep down into my pores because i used a toner after cleansing
there was not a trace of dirt or makeup on the toner pad
been in the sun overloaded with sunscreen
it easily cleared away the residue of the saltwater spray
it not only clears your skin
it clears, softens, and moisturizes the skin.
not put in storage under the bathroom sink
my face feels free of all unwanted residue!
i like foamy ones
it exceeded my expectations: foamy
this face wash has minimized my pores.
it minimizes pores and no dry feeling.
fresh without stripping it from natural oils
it is non-drying
the little "pump protector" comes off easily
it works well underneath my makeup—no flaking or balling up
the cream has restored elasticity
know my pores are smaller
i don't know how it smooths
texture of my skin after applying it
this quenched and calmed my red, flaky cheeks.
my pores are smaller
1 pump will cover your face
this is clearing my skin
i think this serum cleans deep
tightens up my skin nicely
just use a cotton ball
canyon sized pores shrink up
i noticed it shrinks my pores
it glides on easily and absorbs quickly.
boscia is for oily skin
it cleanses my skin really well without drying it
my pores look tighter after every wash
it cleans my skin really well without drying it out
our skin grows so accustomed to it
the foam is super soft and fluffy.
i love the pump dispenser too.
the foam is easy to wash
without drying out your skin
i love how lightweight the foam is
a little covers so much surface
leaves skin clean without stripping it
finally found my holy grail face wash.
it is very foamy
very creamy foamy feeling that easily washes away leftover makeup
to ensure thoroughly cleansed skin
it cleans without drying my skin
cleans without stripping skin
love the way it melts make-up away
removes the dirt very well
really helps with clearing my skin
in combination with my spin brush
airy foam cleans my face very well
super foamy super cleaner.
t cleans my skin without stripping it
that it transforms your skin if you use it daily
brightens the face from the first wash!
it hydrates my oily t-zone without adding anymore grease to it
i pump it on my clinique sonic brush
my soil feels fighters
although it is a foam it is really milky
it foams up nicely
strips the day off your face.
very slightly on the dryer side
although it's a foam it really cuts through the dirt
grime your face collects during the day
it melts everything away
quickly into the skin--lock the moister
oil deep in the skin
it's light weight and absorbs really fast.
my natural moisture is restored
it has a number of broken capillaries on my cheeks
love the dispenser that no air gets into!
my oily parts into normal
ren's osmotic infusion ultra-moisture day cream was the miracle solution that calmed my dry
wrinkly bits get plumped up
it moisturizes my skin while not leaving it a greasy mess
the sales associate said this product is good because it prevents the moisture from evaporating from your skin to keep moisture in
it absorbs quickly and is very lightweight!
it keeps moisture from escaping your skin making it happy
gives your all the moisture
does not clog pores or anything side effects
or a dab for each usage
the movement from very oily to rather dry skin has been eased by the ren moisturizer
lathered for the whole day
light weight, non greasy, absorbs quickly.
has a slight cooling feeling like a gel
a thick cream that soaks into your skin so nicely
this product absorbs quickly
absorbs well into skin
for reference: my skin is extremely oily with semi-large pores
this product works perfectly without clogging pores
it absorbs really fast into my skin
without being too heavy or pore-clogging
takes a little while to absorb into the skin
it absorbs into the skin quickly
this moisturizer smooths on the face nicely
it sinks right into the skin
almost instantly absorbs without any greasy residue
it is easily absorbed
this mosturizer absorbs into my skin well
absorbs great without "over-absorbtion"
this product totally alleviates that dryness without feeling sticky
it absorbs really quickly
the bottle lasts forever
this not only melts into my skin leaving no residue
it absorbs well and is not greasy.
i like this moisturizer because it absorbed quickly into my skin
about the size of a pencil eraser top
this doesn't cause a pore clogging problem
i also feel it does kind of clog my pores
as my pores don't seem to like thick cream
dry skin that sometimes reacts to skin care products
my cheek area was so drying
this absorbs into my skin so fast.
no more dry skin peeling off
i already have a natural sun barrier
any skin creams with zinc oxide turn my skin greyish looking
occasionally i get dry patches on my cheeks
luckily it disappears quickly
automatically absorbs into my skin
it does however contain glycerin which makes it a bit sticky on the skin
it eventually soaks in
it soaks into the skin beautifully
i feel like it hydrates my skin without leaving it oily
flake free all day
sinks into my skin
it absorbs so well
no harsh/odd/drying chemicals
it absorbs very fast
i still had dry patches and flakes.
switching to the ultra moisture day cream solved the issue
dehydrated pores that get clogged
this just feels like a blanket of moisture
the flakes on my chin
absorbs into the skin without leaving any greasy residue
so hydrating yet it still keeps your pores from being clogged
this stuff dries matte
my biggest skin concern is clogged pores
my oily forehead is no longer oily
it also absorbs quickly.
all while preventing my dry cheeks from being any drier
it just soaks into your skin
it absorbs quickly into the skin
its not fluid like
has a very light weight lotion texture that absorbs into the skin right away
it blots up sweat on those hot summer days too!
it's for normal to oily skin
no blotting the oily residue off
an oil slick in others
melts into your skin when you blend it in
light and absorbs very quick
never again will i use oil blotting tissues!
it absorbs nicely into my skin
base for my bare minerals
i feel like my pores appear smaller.
dries without feeling greasy
hydrates without causing breakouts
my pores are smaller
it keeps my combination/oily skin dry without drying it out
just the right amount of moisture
dry red patches on my cheeks
it has the perfect amount of moisture
i am also proned to clog pores in my chin area as well
no more cakey foundations
even under my liquid foundation
leaves a matte finish in the t-zone oily area
also, it comes with an applicator brush.
rinses off easily wiath water and a washcloth.
it feels cooling to the skin when applied.
my skin pinked up
there are 9 pots of the mask
after i had rinsed in off
this works better than most other expensive facial masks/peels that i've used
the lil micro beads in this peel exfoliates
evens out your skin
the problem is my skin is comb-oily
the dryer the skin
this quenches the dryness
takes away the flakiness
absorbs well into the skin
because of the grease factor
left my pillowcase a little greasy
oily forehead at times
stickiest time of the summer
quickly absorbed in to my skin
more absorbent during the day
not too oily and absorbs well.
absorb completely with no strange residue
it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin baby soft.
without leaving my skin greasy or shiny
my large pores diminished
after washing it off
almost completely flatten out
it melts into my skin
great for the neck and décolleté.
instead of a bottle with a pump
smooth after i wash it off
need a cream that tightens as well as moisturizes
it didn't overwhelm my combination skin
it feels like its melting into my skin
when used together, your skin will rock!
it is a nice cream that absorbs quickly
i get dry patches
this delivers the moisture i really need
i loved the fact that the cream absorbs instantly
doesn't leave a greasy residue
to possibly bacteria from my scooping fingers
i've found that aging products are packed with moisture
smooth when i wash it off
this is a great primer that does minimize the look of pores
i think my pores looked smaller
rub the rest into my skin
i battle with oily
i instantly felt a cooling sensation
the mask does tingle
love the cooling effect of this mask
in my oily areas
it stops the sebum production
it does look like mashed potatoes
i feel like it smooths
it's easy to rinse off
minimized pores and fine lines.
the rose mask gives you hydration without the weird cooling sensation
my skin was literally becoming a dry husk.
the cooling sensation is still on
the air is humid
the mask literally perfected my skin
i apply a thin layer on damp face
plump after i use this mask
firm my skin looked after i rinsed it off
was peeling off due to sun burn
it smoothed out my skin
this is a great quick mask that quickly cools
side note: check out the sugar face polish, too!
pros: after washing off skin felt smoother
mask had a cooling effect.
it rinses off easy
it makes your skin clean without drying
i applied it and rinsed it off per instructions.
unless my lips are chapped
this mask goes on easily
absorbs without either leaving a sticky film or a crust on your face
it instantly wakes your skin up
after cleansing i applied a thin even coat that was absorbed after 2-3 minutes
i love the instant cooling sensation on the skin
i just slathered on this mask
it spreads like whipped butter, silky and smooth!
after i washed it off my skin was smooth
i apply it over freshly washed skin on my face
the consistency is like mashed potatoes
it plumps it up
i like to put on a thick layer on my face out of shower
the skin absorbs the product so well after 10mins
it really cleans deeply into my pores
washes off all residue from face real well
however cleans the skin very deep
take it out with a cleansing sponge to clean even deeper
i gently rub it around on my face
the foam just pop up
with no oily residue
squirt one pump of foam into your h
oily/dry combo skin
it rinses off nicely
it cleans well and washes clean.....no residue.
it cleans very well without any residue left behind
when i use this mousse it cleans my face
lifts off all the oils
the mousse is even more clarifying
no skin trouble or drying
it calms the skin down
the foam turns into a smooth creamy lather that actually cleans your face without leaving a filmy residue
winter it drys my skin
this removed all makeup and left my skin moist.
not irritated: it also melts the make-up away
cleanses my face at night from all the pollutants in the air
it washes all the impurities off my face
incredibly foamy and easy to use.
it's simply soft and cleansed.
it still keeps pumping
works amazingly with the sonicare brush
it nevery dries out my skin
fresh without drying it out
cleans well without drying out my face
i love the foam
rich foam clean up my face softly without feeling dry or tight
removes everything without drying.
rinses off clean, and make skin feel soft
it easily removes dirt and oil.
it cleans off makeup, dirt, and sweat.
it comes right out of the pump foamy
clean my skin perfectly without residue
thoroughly cleans it too
surface oil without drying the skin
very rich in lather
is clearing out my pores
have perfectly clean skin with no residue
it foams nicely as you rub it into your skin
sensitivity in the cheeks
the bottle lasts forever.
it strips all the oil
grime off your face
disappears after rinsing my face
then add a splash of water
makes my pores look smaller
it foams up nicely
it foams up a little
rotate it with my glamglo face wash
a tiny bit of product foams up
the tube lasts a long time.
it lathers so well
this has nevee dried out my skin
i also use a spin brush with it.
smooths the entire face
gets rid of makeup and deeply cleanses.
very drying for combo and dry skin.
it lathers so well!
no stinging, no drying, no irritation.
it lathers up a lot.
lather up before with your h
mix with water to get it foaming
it does a fantastic job of deep cleaning my pores without irritating my sensitive skin
it foams up to clean your whole face
my only problem with it is that it leaves a thin residue
it lathers up wonderfully when mixed with water
oil without drying my face out
i find it rinses very cleanly for me
i would give it 5 stars if it exfoliated!
incredible at clearing my horrible pores around my nose
tip: squeeze into your palm
lather by adding a little bit of water
rubbing off make up
other impurities for about a minute
rinses so clean my skin literally squeaks
once more with clearsonic brush
my fingertips 'skip' over the surface of my skin it's so clean
product comes out rich but lathers well.
rinses completely with no drying effect
if foams well, and removes all traces of makeup.
it cleans my skin
the grease in my t-zone without drying out my cheeks
it cleans my skin so well
remove all the dirts
penetrates deep into pores
it cleans without drying
leaves skin squeaky clean
after you wash off the foam
it lathers up into a rich foam
the cream is very thick and lathers up nicely.
no drying of the skin either.
removes every trace of make up
it's really foamy nd cleans perfectly.
my forehead being so dry that my skin constantly flakes
yet thoroughly it cleanses without drying out my skin
this cleansed my skin
rinses without leaving a residue
this product cleanses my face squeaky clean without drying out my super sensitive skin
it also absorbs well without any greasy residue
the garnier water left a gross oily residue after 30 minutes of application
dirt from my face
it cleans up even the residues left behind from other micellar waters
i soak a cotton pad
lazy to wash my face" one step cleansing product by saturating a cotton pad
gently removes all traces of make up.
no residue after using.
use this with a clean cotton pad
it cleans my face
- couple pumps on a cool damp exfoliating mit to gently scrub face
i can just squirt some onto a cotton round
doesn't irritate my skin or burn my eyes
it still cleanses rather well.
cools me off a little
just swipe a cotton pad over your face
just saturate a cotton ball
waterproof) with the first cotton pad.
instead of washing my face
removes all excess and tones in one step.
fresh with the non-oily clear water-like texture
i'll often mix a few drops in with my moisturizer in the winter to pack a stronger moisture punch
i lightly wash my face
set aside few minutes for your skin to absorb the oils
the eyedropper applicator also makes it very easy to use
however this oil absorbs so well
when mixed into the whipped argan oil facial
rub it into my dry
i feel like it tames break outs
my hair comes out very soft when it dries
i put it on my cuticles to keep them soft
nut naturally avoided oils
feel greasy after application
my pores are smaller
as well as to my cuticles
works wonders for my cuticles
it tends to be "ashy"
no flat iron spray
it disappears soon after application
using this product with the belif moisture bomb has really improved the texture of my skin
i don't wake up with greasy hair
as soon as my skin absorb the product
this is not pore-clogging
your skin can breathe with ease
rub the oil into my face
keeps it from becoming oily
i feel like my pores are never clogged
gently massage this into my skin with an upward/outward motion
i also rub any excess oil on my cuticles
in the morning on the lips before applying liquid lipstick
practically dripping oil at the same time
help add moisture to your skin
dabbing every hour or so
it helps soothe my skin overnight
my skin absorbs this oil so perfectly
ashy looking skin type
kept with the argan oil routine
flaky from using so many tissues
while giving my skin that extra moisture
feel like my bleached-free hair
tip: i also love using this on my lips before a matte liquid lipstick because of how soft
my foundations tend to cling to my dry patches
"moisturized-by-the-fog-east-coast skin"
dribbles all my nice oil over my bathroom
i've actually noticed a reduction of large pores
nails as cuticle oil
soak in right away
my scalp loves this oil
works for dry patches on my skin.
rehydrates my skin without making it look oily
i feel that my pores get smaller by applying this
adds moisture without looking too full coverage/matt with a full face
-30 takes a toll on your skin
eyebrows i swear it makes my hairs grow in thicker
sometimes it spreads to my cheeks
that it can be used to tame frizzy hair
it minimizes some lines on my forehead
the liquid is a cool whipped like consistency
absorbs quickly & plumps skin instantly.
dry patches on my skin
works for me for my dry cheeks
it disappears immediately once it's on your skin
as a bonus, it instantly plumps up your face :)
hyaluronic acid is able to penetrate the skin’s upper layers to improve
where it benefits tissue repair
hyaluronic acid forms an air permeable layer
penetrates into the dermis
the protective barrier on the skin locks in moisture
it smooths my forehead wrinkles
makes my pores smaller
my face is immediately dry after applying- no stickiness
my face just soaks it right up
does not clog pores.
by evening my pores are clogged
and then the soft cream.
perfect plumping moisture for late 30s skin.
keeps skin from drying out throughout the day
i apply this serum right after i wash my face without towel drying
then face turned from oily into dry patchy grossness
it covers any dry patches
it can increase oiliness during hot days.
it keeps flakes away
would become flaky after applying even a thin layer of powder
it plumps up my skin
it melts into my skin
it's very lightweight and absorbs rapidly.
smoothes out my fine lines
my skin soaks this stuff up!
giving it the right amount of moisture
my skin soaks this stuff up.
its nothing but pure moisture.
it absorbs into my skin within 30 seconds
it absorbs quickly into the skin
it absorbs so quickly
your face starts to dry
it traps any remaining water in
at night i use it with clinique moisture surge
the flakes wouldn't go away
i get dry patches
my skin tends to run dry from using retin a
it does tighten the skin
isn't just another sticky layer on top of your skin
when it comes to delivering moisture to your skin
this stuff really takes away all lines, droops!
it absorbs really well into the skin
then absorbed into my skin
it is so quickly absorbing and lightweight.
some of my dryer patches
to avoid clogging my pores
it protects your skin from the sun
there is no extra oil to clog your pores in the product
it doesn't clog my pores
protects my skin from the sun
it protects it from the sun
heavy at first but then soaks in.
it absorbs really quickly
takes a little while to absorb
it doesnt clog my pores at all
for dry/combination skin
the non-greasy formula moisturizes flawlessly without making me look "sticky"
it doesn't clog my pores or make me look all greasy
with no greasy or oily residue
works well for oily skin
with a little powder to finish
really soaks into your skin fast
this is a great product for combination oily to oily skin types
it absorbs very well
leaving your skin tender
it sinks in well
super matte loose powder
i tend to flush easily
it soaks in quickly
my pores look smaller
have extreme oily skin
light weight and never oily.
t dries out easily
not greasy, absorbs well.
it smooths and calms the skin.
dry skin because it adds moisture
protects you against the sun
it absorbs quickly with no oily feel.
my skin is on the drier side
it absorbs quickly and isn't sticky.
this fills that void with spf 25.
cleared up my dry patches
the new formula feels thicker when i scoop it out of the container
it absorbs quickly when i smooth it over my dry skin
absorbs well and lasts all day.
protect from the sun
also, my skin attracts a lot of dirt.
it protects my skin from dirt
absorbs quickly leaving skin soft
it absorbs really quickly
great base coat for foundation
absorbs nicely into my skin
my pores are smaller
it soaks in incredibly well
i love the superdefense because it brings out my skin's natural radiance without causing breakouts
or dry skin from not wearing spf
soon is soaked in
i find that it absorbs into my skin quite quickly
it also really protects during sun exposure.
doesn't clog my pores
absorbs into the skin quickly
absorbs quickly into the skin
wants to protect their skin from sun damage
it dries down within about 2 minutes
it soaks into my skin
it still leaves a slight oily
the moisture lasts all day
this product goes on smooth and absorbs quickly.
it is not greasy and absorbs quickly.
absorbs fast, lightweight and great protection.
it keeps my skin moist during the colorado winter
it absorbs quickly into your skin
wonderful moisterizer that absorbs quickly
does not leave a filmy residue
it soothes the skin in seconds
oily skin in the summer
clean with no residue after using it
using it with my clarisonic it foams nicely
then foam onto the face
it foams up relatively easily
an irritation inevitably flares up
this cleanser swoops in
very cleansed after using it
has the right amount of lather
it foams up fine
the one for oily skin
wash my eyes again
it makes suds easily
as a person with oily skin
removes all traces of dirt
oil out of my pores
it just dried my skin
i love how the wash foams up gently without stripping or drying my skin
it also removes my stubborn mascara instantly!
instead of rubbing on the face dab it in like you are bending out concealer
my skin smoothed out
rub it on my face then i gently pat it in
once he learned to emulsify it on his fingers before applying
press onto your skin
very rich and intense moisture.
quickly fades after application
locks it in your skin
takes a while to sink in
for comb skin type
takes a few minutes to completely soak in
soaks in really fast.
really nourishes your skin at the same time
you warm up the cream slightly with your fingers
pat into your skin
how quickly it absorbs
i am constantly peeling
don't clog my pores or sting
once on the skin
not heavy like kate somerville's deep tissue repair cream which smothered my skin
warm up with your fingers
press into your skin
the cream is a nice thickness
melts into your skin
it fades fairly quickly
warming it on your fingertips
a rich face cream that absorbs after about a minute
it absorbs much more quickly
i apply a soybean-size amount to the fingertips
algae work really well for my under eyes
press gently into your skin
easily absorbed and very smooth.
it's dramatically reduced the puffiness on my lids
smoothing effect on upper eyelids
this eye cream is not too runny
this eye cream absorbs quickly.
it moderately controls oil without stripping my skin of moisture
have some visible pores
i would simply use oil absorbing sheets
i also layer it with other mattifying primers in the summer
have the same consistency as elmer's glue
it takes a while to absorb
urban decay de-slick setting spray
it keeps the oil
i will note that it did fill in my pores on my cheeks
the urban decay one
it has the consistency of glue
tugs your skin as you apply it
doesn't clog my pores
perfect for controlling oily skin
it work great under foundation powder or liquid.
helps to reduce the oil and shine on my face.
it dissipates pretty quickly
i've dealt with oily skin my entire life
this minimizes my break outs.
it feels a lot like you're smearing elmer's glue on your face
used blotting papers on top of using this product
no amount of powder helps
it absorbs into the skin quickly
perfect for blemish-oily skin in the summer heat.
just dust with a powder
helps keep my skin under control
it works wonders on my oily skin
extreme heat revs up oil secretion in my face
it mats the oiliness
easily rubs into your skin without leaving the typical sheen of a lotion with spf
definitely protects you from the sun rays for a few hours
so foamy and works really well with my clarisonic
really cleanses through your skin
my foundation from caking up
- they all have some kind of pore- clogging grease that sucks
even with primer underneath
makes my skin matte without drying it out
i usually have to use 2 or more oil blotting sheets a day
then 1/2 pea size of the oil control lotion
then spray smashbox primer water before make up routine
the formula is a bit thicker
this keeps the oil at bay
removes makeup, very creamy.
love the lather too.
it is very foamy
when rinsed it out
it foams up & washes you clean.
a creamy foam cleanser that clings to your skin then washes off leaving it refreshed
it is a little drying
completely cleansed, fresh skin after use.
it lathers up very nicely on your skin
foams strongly on your face
this is very foamy than others
this face wash literally leaves my face squeaky clean without over drying
fresh without drying or causing breakouts
a very little foams up
the bubbles are very abundant
it really removes the impurities on my face.
lightly exfoliated without being drying
rids my skin of oil
it gives a deep clean without drying out your skin
and a tube lasts quite a while.
easily to rinse off leaving no residue
it strips the layer of oil
sweat off my face
the tiniest bit will lather up your entire face.
it clean well without drying my skin.
my pores are smaller n less shine.
makes the tube messy
then rub it over my moistened face
a tube lasts forever and i'm on my second tube.
used this in the summer months to combat greasiness
froths up nice with the clarisonic
however i love the foam
very rich and foams nicely.
simply cleans your face
simply cleans your face
simply cleans your face
simply cleans your face
it foams up quite a lot
the one for oily skin
a pea size of facial wash is all you need.
it foams really well
squeaky clean without stripping
rub it over my chest
thick & creamy, very gentle, cleans well.
oil leaving skin fresh
it's a bit thick and lathers on well.
clean without drying it out
it lathers up very nicely
leaves your skin literally squeaky—
it foams up nicely with a drop the size of a pea
cleans deeply without stripping my skin of moisture
the cleanser develops into a foam
leaves a nice sheen on my skin which i follow up with the clarins toner
it foams up very well
it helps to add a splash of water to it to get the foaming action started
cleans up every last bit of dirt
does not irritate yet cleans completely
foams up quite nicely
it's foamy and cleansing without a ton.
clarins suggests using cool water to rinse in the a
even a pea sized dollop is too much
it lathers/foams well
it sinks right into my skin
or increasing my oiliness
coats my skin without making it feel oily
it soaks into my skin nicely
with oily skin it is difficult to find a moisturizer that can absorb quickly into the skin
my skin glows seconds after i apply this cream.
is quickly absorbed into the skin
this product absorbs fast
it does absorbs quickly
it leaves a thin film on your skin
000 more its weight in moisture
working like a sponge to keep the skin moist
the wind chill definitely causes some unwanted chaffing
it absorbs very quickly
the concentration of the cream is light
it sinks right in without leaving my skin slick
which it never smudges
smoothed out some of the crinkles
this one eliminates swelling very nicely
the complaint of the product squirting out?
position my finger in front of where it squirts
my lids are more taut & smooth.
smooths lines from day one
remove the pump from the bottle
rub to get it to absorb
it doesn’t affect the way my eyeshadow looks or the way my foundation goes on either—no flaking or balling up
doesn't migrate into my eyes
hydrates the area around my eyes
inoticed my pores were smaller
salicylic even peeled layer after layer of my skin off with jessner peels
smoothed my forehead its a miraclefor aging
like use gentle washes
is back to drying my skin in a lower potency
fades sun spots, softens wrinkles.
my skin peeled a little
as the bottle instructs
and i swear my pores appeared smaller.
after the peeling is over
1/2 pumps to cover my whole face
i no longer have a problem with concealers caking up
smooth skin and small wrinkles, check check.
poetry in lotion softens them
need to be covered up tightly
jars can be contaminated easily from fingertips
this product dispenses by twisting the top part of the tube
which makes the pump "pop" out of the cylinder
one pump disperses the perfect amount for the whole face
the pump twists back into the tube
or being exposed to air
it really seems to keep my pores cleared out
my pores look smaller already
pores appear less congested
my skin tolerates it beautifully
because retinol thickens one part of the epidermis while thinning another
it is very easy for clogs to form in pores
the "outer" part of the bottle
is really just a sleeve for the inner bottle
with this product my skin has not peeled
lessens the appearance of lines
don't worry in about 10 to 15 mins the ren soaks into your skin
my skin is smoothing out.
pores appear to be slightly smaller.
pigmented areas seems to be fading a little
because it soaks in to the skin so quickly
keeps my skin from drying out
it sinks in quickly
dry patches in the winter
the sensitive face wash
absorbs into the skin quickly
leaves a pretty glow on your skin after it has absorbed
provides this immediate burst of moisture
seals in any serums underneath
retinyl palmitate which basically sprinkles fairy dust on your skin
hydrates the skin without being heavy or greasy
i'd probably recommend a serum underneath for dry skin
it's lightweight and absorbs very quickly.
it absorbs very quickly
as long as the products do not contain pore-clogging mineral oil
lightweight, non-greasy & great moisture.
does not clog pores
i don't get silicone roll when i apply a primer as i did with the clinique moisture surge
keeps me moisturized without looking like a grease ball
my skin absorbs it well
my skin progressively drier this year
as long as your skin reacts happily
lock in the moisture which my skin needs
great level of moisture for winter
am also oily with large pores
i also like the lid/pump rather than an open jar
t doesn't contaminate the product
the push top applicator gives you the perfect amount everytime
it varies from oily to very dry
it really nourishes my skin without leaving it greasy
it absorbs incredibly quickly
it goes on very light and absorbs easily.
it absorbs into the skin effortlessly
deep tissue or oily skins like the oil free moisturizer
it soaks in so fast.
most importantly it doesn't clog my pores at all
instantly absorbs into skin
doesn't strip the moisture
cleans your whole face
i never have any product drip out or leak in the cupboard
especially when it foams a bit
this face wash not only soothes sensitive skin
also actually cleans it
the slightest movement can waist product
turns foamy when combined with water
really cleans out my pores
this product washes away make-up
doesn't dry out the delicate surrounding skin
really cleans ur face without drying it!
with visibly reduced pores
this face wash is just the tiniest bit foamy
there is a small amount of cleanser that will drip out when twisting the cap closed
works well with a face brush too because it lathers up nicely
i apply this to my wet clarisonic brush
still cleans my skin
it cleans up all the oils
as the gel leaks a bit
gently cleans my skin
she felt her pores tighten
leaves no residue or dryness
deep cleans pores, and helped get rid of my acne.
clean without drying it out
works great with the clarisonic brush.
too drying for my skin
deep cleans in a non abrasive gentle way
it's very mild and rinses off well.
it's gentle but cleans well!
i rub the cleanser over wet sking for 30 seconds
pores actually look clear
my skin glows and my pores disappear.
it managed to clear pores as well as evenily cleansing everywhere else
*new* all over without flaking or drying
makeup out of my pores
cleaned out my pores
my pores loom amazing
it clears my skin without drying it out.
as a result i am prone to visibly clogged pores
those mid day grease whiteheads
yet cleans up the occasional breakout
i would get chemical peels once a week
even a stubborn zit will be flat within two washes
my skin returned to its oily
from pore size to breakouts
it foams up nicely
rinses clean without drying my skin
just recently i started having more clogged pores
dry on my cheeks
thoroughly cleansed my pores!
actually cleanses without stripping
it smooths out the skin nicely
my pores were clogged
keeps my breakouts at bay
this product safely and gently removes my makeup.
i can see my makeup melting away so effortlessly
i've read that foaming products can be drying
i already notice clearer pores on my nose
keeps blemishes at bay
it foams gently upon application of water
cleans and doesn't dry out my skin.
clears my skin without over drying
close lid for in the shower
it's combats breakouts without drying me out
it really cleans deep
nothing manages my oil
you can unscrew the top
it opens the jar for you
the dispenser inside the jar is great
not oily or greasy
oily on the chin nose
absorb quickly into the skin without leaving it greasy
this is the best cream for oily /pores tzone
soaks in to the skin quickly
layers well with makeup and is gentle on skin.
the skin absorbs this formula with such ease
it's a tub within a tub
it absorbs into the skin quickly
tend to work on my eyes while it absorbs
absorbs into the skin right away
soaks in fast, and has no smell.
it gives your face the perfect amount of moistness without being oily
dry skin in 1 face
it moisturizes without clogging.
the packaging keeps the cream clean and potent.
literally melts in moments later
this one minimizes my pores
my pores appear smaller
it's soothing , non greasy and absorb quickly .
on my oily areas
try on my cheeks
this cream gives the perfect amount of moisture for my oily/combo skin
it doesn't clog my pores
it dries quickly and feels like velvet.
it is very light weight and absorbs quickly.
s don't ever touch the product inside to keep out bacteria
controls shine trough out the day.
it also protects the cream from oxygen
my combination skin soaks it right in
my skin cleared up nicely.
it absorbs so nicely into the skin
does not clog pores at all.
i do layer foundation with spf
applied it on my combination/oily/sensitive skin after washing my face
hydrates but doesn't overwhelm.
tend to block my pores causing breakouts
the jar with its unique pump delivery allows you to keep the product in the jar from being contaminated by your fingers dipping in
it absorbs fairly quickly into the skin
absorbs completely without leaving a film.
together my pores have gotten smaller
it absorbs really quickly
my skin absorbs the moisture and feels fresh.
this product is drying
white heads are coming to the surface to be exfoliated away
my pores are noticeably smaller
my pores are smaller
my pores have shrunk
everyone's skin reacts differently
also keeps dry skin to a minimum
it is a bit drying
oily residue on my skin
clogged pores causing a rough appearance of texture to the skin
my face is oily to combination
be warned it will stain colored towels
it is a bit drying
i usually avoid any unnecessary peeling
it just freezes a pimple on my face
which i feel like keeps my pores more open to the treatments i use
i actually use coconut oil over it after it dries
while pore strips are disgustingly
it is very drying
), but it definitely helps keep my pores clear.
then dried out my cheeks
it is rather drying
it is so finely milled
it smoothes on evenly
the one for oily/combo skin
leaves no residue / absorbs quickly after applied
it kills the bacteria
my skin has not dried or peeled
large pores around the t zone
it clears your breakouts fast
don't peel at all
it is a matte finish that absorbs quickly.
a thin layer of this at bedtime prevents
it is somewhat drying
it softens skin and doesn't clog pores.
reducing frequency when i get a little dry skin
my eyes/cheeks frequently burn
it has transformed my skin miraculously
skin around your month that are naturally thinner
it soaks in beautifully
takes care of dry 'trouble spots
it is lightweight and does not clog my pores.
it absorbs quickly, is light but nourishing.
it absorbs fairly quickly
cons: it takes about 2 to 3 minutes to absorb
dries it out slightly as a result of clear skin
the ingredients are great for your pores
without leaving an unctuous layer on top of the skin like some other moisturizers
usually a charcoal/blackhead eradicating one
it keeps my skin in check
it doesn't clog my pores or feel heavy on my skin
it seems to dissolve into my skin instantly
my oily spots are super oily
absorbs fast without drying too much
it quickly absorbed into my skin
forehead would be oily
the bridge of my nose dry
it is lightweight and absorbs quickly.
not greasy, and sinks into skin quickly.
it starts drying a bit
my skin sucks it up quickly
absorbs right into my skin
my skin sometimes reacts to products when first using
it leaves razor bumps
upon feeling the milky
i get dry patches
absorbs so quickly into the skin
feels like a second skin once fully absorbed
t spreads across your skin very easily
forms kind of a barrier on your skin to lock in that moisture
it moisture my skin so well
the small nourish in the check out line is $20!!
completely odorless somewhat runny it is not a thick cream once dispensed
it did take multiple priming pumps to get it out of airless container first use
it takes a few minutes to absorb into my skin
applied a little thicker as masque at night is amazing
like chugging a glass of water for my face
it sinks into the skin
everything from dry patches
i washed my face
usually after i use a peel pad
the consistency is like a pearly liquid gel that foams
it cleans really well
the natural acids work gradually through exposure not instantly on contact
my skin also tends to be sensitive to facial washes
my pores have tightened
while the salicylic gets rid of the gunk in the pores
i noticed instant gratification as far as the cleanliness of pores
dry or combination dry
dry or combination dry
the pores on my cheeks were larger
i assume because of excess oil build up/impurities
this exfoliator truly gets the deep dirt
oil out of my pores
i like this product because it cleans up my oily skin
also removed sunburned skin that was pealing off
removes all the pollutants from the day
a must for oily skin.
this cream absorbs beautifully
this absorbs right in my skin.
will need to use quench with this as the weather cools
doesn't clog my pores or irritate my sensitive skin
using the deep tissue repair cream has completely changed the health of my skin
the deep tissue repair is one of the products i use from her as one of my daily skin regime
don't be alarmed it litterally melts into your skin
absorbs quickly leaving the skin soft and smooth.
easily absorbed by my skin
its creamy and blends in and smooths on well!!!!!
clears away crows feet
any excess on my fingers i rub around my lips
helping eliminate dry patches
slippery from the dimethicone which i like
it absorbs very quickly
i've tried layer upon layer of face creams
absorbs well into the skin
my skin was flaking off like nobody's business
won't clog my pores
this serum sinks into the skin fast
lock in the moisture
soft, moisture-rich skin is mine again.
when you apply on your face it absorbs quickly
this product hydrates without an oily greasy residue
it absorbs into the skin quickly
quenches my skin morning
not oily and is quickly absorbed.
give it a chance it seeps in
it absorbs quickly into the skin
it soaks into the skin
powder foundation goes on much more evenly
the time it takes to absorb
t doesn't clog my pores whatsoever
perfect amount of moisture for my combo skin.
soaks into skin nicely.
this one goes on thicker
it has more of a silicone feel than oily
pretty quickly my skin absorbs it all
my skin soaks up the product
it helped my skin get quenched instantly
i really just pump it into the palm
the skin plumping effect
works well beneath foundation
i would surely have clogged pores
i love how it absorbs in the skin
has no sticky residue
it absorbs at a nice rate
once fully absorbed your skin glows
this product absorbs quickly.
drier skin around the outer area of my face
some reviews claim its oily or silicone like
this serum leaves no greasy residue
makes my pores smaller
allows make-up to glide on
it's a smooth oil that absorbs quickly
dries quickly as it absorbs
the serum absorbs instantly leaving a beautiful glow
it doesn't strip the moisture from my skin
this stuff paired with the enzyme peel works wonders
my skin went from oily
deep cleaning work will for oily skin
cleanses the face without leaving my skin without moisture
after washing with it you can see that your pores are visibly smaller
it lathers nicely if you add more water
i love the way this gently removes my make up
doesn't strip moisture from my face
the little teensy sample pot that she gave me has lasted 6 washings
the product foams up so well
giving me more glow than grease
follow up with the enzyme peel a couple nights a week
cleans skin without over drying it
it gets all the grime off
also deep clean the every pore impurities with polish
it cleans my skin thoroughly with the clarisonic brush
white daily face wash pumps
it gets rid of dirt
removes all trace of make up
it makes my eyes burn
even with oily skin
i firmly believe that my skin just adapted to the shisedo cleansing foam
it removes waterproof make up well
it cleaned without stopping skin
i feel that i have seen improvement with my clogged pores with this cleanser
surface dirt/oil off in one swoop
it becomes so foamy
it removes all impurities
cleansed my oily spots
clean with just the tiniest dab
tend to get clogged pores
doesn't leave skin dried out
i love the texture of my skin after washing.
it's foamy without drying
so this tube lasts forever
cleanses my whole face
it foams up nicely
thoroughly cleans your skin
have reduced my pores significantly
i love how well it cleansed my skin
the large bottle lasts forever.
this foams up enough to clean my face
you only need a pea size to cleanse your skin
not dried out after washing
over dried it until patches were peeling off
gets all the grime from the day off without drying my skin
however, it is drying.
it foams into a nice lather
the wash itself cleans your skin without drying it out
cleanses thoroughly but not drying.
this stuff really visibly pulls out the impurities
which makes using an oil a little nerve wracking
without me having to rub my eyelids raw
once done wash face with water the product should turn to milky white
it smooths out my skin
extra impurities on the skin
it gently cleanses the skin while removing make up
i've noticed my pores shrink a lot
on the boscia konjac sponge- i've found that it doesn't absorb into the sponge
it dissolves waterproof mascara
use it with the enzyme peel powder
leaves no residue behind.
declote a massage with oil then when you add water to rinse it turns white leaving your face soft supple
rinses off cleanly without leaving a residue
cleanses my skin without leaving it dried out
it rinses completely clean
it not only gently cleans the face
gently use fingers to massage
keeps skins soft wiithout the need to scrub off eye make up
brown from makeup residue
dried out my skin
this was just the miracle tonic to bring back just enough moisture without clogging my pores
i get 2 pumps of the oil
once it touches water
keeps my skin from drying out.
keeps my skin in check
lathers up just the right amount
then work it into a delicate emulsion with moistened fingertips
without an oily residue
cleans so thoroughly without stripping your skin
gently cleanses your face
the oily texture turns milky-white
it's ability to get down into your pores
remove dirt is amazing
it washes off effortlessly
don't splash water on face
the massaging action will emulsify the oil
washes off a lot easier than shu
cleanses off fabulously leaving me with a clean complexion withou any residue
the gel moisture bond
having combination/oily skin
still rinsed off cleanly
my skin feels so moistened
s on a dry face
no make up residue
it cleanses my skin of make-up beautifully
it just melts away my makeup
this stuff just cleans everything with a splash of water
which really helped to minimize pores
makes my pores virtually disappear
can wash your face with eyes open without any burning sensation2
rinse with more water
i can wipe with tissue and nothing!!7.
no residue left on skin
if that makes any dense
doesn't clog my pores
my skin was left without any film-y residue or debris
rub onto my face
it cleans my skin very well
after adding water it emulsifies enough to allow for a good cleaning
wet the brush head
this daily wash not only leaves my skins soft
it also leaves it with moisture
washes off cleanly without residual fragrance
removed my waterproof make up
without drying it out
enlarged pores around my temples
this cleanses out of all dirt
this stuff gently removes all my make-up.
it removes all impurities
after rinse skin is smooth
delicate oil into skin
then add a few drops of water to my fingertips
it lathers ever so lightly
only con is once water is applied to face after massaging onto face
adding oil to my already oily skin
omly clears up my skin
full of moisture all day
when it comes to dry patches
it absorbs quickly and doesn't make me feel oily.
melts right into the skin
absorbs so quickly- makeup goes on so nicely over this
it absorbs into my skin quickly
have to pat gently instead of rub
it absorbs great with no greasy residue
its a great product the moisture lasts all day.
they often magnify my imperfections
it is dry underneath
oily on the surface
lightweight on the skin
this moisture keeps my oil at bay
it has bamboo sap which penetrates the skin instead of sitting on top
the girl used the amorepacific moisture bound refreshing hydra-gel before applying my make up
it absorbs quickly into the skin
doesn't feel like a coating sitting on top of the surface
just purchased the moisture bound refreshing gel
this is my first day using the hydra-gel with the regime
needs the perfect balance of deep moisture without pore-clogging heaviness
smooth without leaving a bunch of residue
this cream doesn't fully nourish then
it's like moisture surge by clinique
i layered it under primer
i blotted one time with boscia green tea blotting papers
my skin looked freshly washed
the pores around my nose weren't huge
this moisturizer melts right into my skin
the rare blemish heals faster when i use this on it
it definitely absorbs well
have oily skin w some brown spots
natural feeling moisture replenishment
smooths my pores and diminishes black heads.
you can feel your skin soak it up like a sponge
the serum itself absorbs quickly
the serum clears my skin texture
i just wash my face with a wash cloth
it gently rolled my skin texture
this smoothed them out
helps sluff off old cells
use salicylic acid often to keep my skin clear
as opposed to the glass container of oh
my pores even appear to be smaller
tightens up the skin instantly
the light tingling feeling as it soaks into my skin
it absorbs almost instantly
it tightens up my skin
it dries really fast
soaks into my skin with no tacky or slicky after effects
my pores look smaller after using it for a month.
it doesn't clog my pores.
it didn't clog my pores
i've used a tiny dab for 2 weeks
let your skin absorb the serum for the suggested minute
the texture is thick but not sticky.
it doesnt hurt that it has aha's to keep the pores clean
it absorbs easily into the skin not feeling heavy or looking shiny
mind you, his nose is literally blackhead city.
my pores on my cheeks are substantially smaller
more than usual gunk came out
my pores are not gone
my pores look much cleaner.
this really does clean out your pores.
if it doesn't remove the blackhead
extracting the blackhead myself is way easier
it clean my nose in just 2-3 uses
sebaceous filaments all over my nose
i washed my nose
15-20 mins i rinsed it off with a wash cloth
my pores were all cleaned out
turns grey / light blue when it dries
more like a pore strip does
it truly minimizes the pores significantly
i am no stranger to pore/blackhead combating products
a very thin layer is all that is needed
as a side note i also recommend clarisonic's deep pore brush
which removes the skin that may be covering clogged pores
then i put on a thin layer of the pores no more
it sucks the gunk right out of my pores
i've had really stubborn clogged pores on my nose for years
used it for the pore tightening
it not only clears my skin
i think that helps dislodge the gunk
i also follow up with a thin layer of benzoyl peroxide
became obsessed with my pores
for pores that are really clogged
barely even squeezing with a tissue
squeezing hard with a washcloth
product cleans up blackheads like a charm.
i waited 10 minutes and rinsed.
it makes your pores look smaller
it completely cleared my pores
then this vacuum cleaner
it dries up the pores
it loosened the top film of the blackhead allowing me to pop
helps loosen the blackheads i get from living in a humid climate
it actually extracts black heads
this tightens your pores a lot
consequently clogs my pores
it is not possible to "shrink" your pores permanently
this product temporarily reduces the appearance of large pores over continued usage
also love the pore refiner.
this cleans them up
or shrinks them significantly
it zaps the individual pimples right off
it crumbles up all over your face
several pumps got clogged
tightening up my pores
it is a product that fills in your pores to make your blackheads easy to remove
to open the pores more
wash it off with a warm/hot towel or rag
follow that with a biore pore strip
i've never seen the pore strips pull so many
great adjunct to my skincare to help clean clogged pores worsened by tropical heat
this product helps loosen my pores
get those unwanted clogs out
the oil on my face nearly disappears
i always use this product before i use pore strips
when used with pore strips it's three times more effective
blackheads or use pore strips
more on the surface of my skin--which means they are easier to remove with a little exfoliation or pore strip
it def helps dissolve the gunk in your pores
pores no more vacuum cleaner is a very effective product
the pores no more vacuum cleaner is the best blackhead
oil extracting mask i have ever used
used it with the blackhead strips
the pores on my face were smaller and cleaner.
my pores were visibly smaller
the pores on my nose get really clogged
i can't say that my pores have been vacuumed clean by this stuff
pretty much every pore is plugged
the biore strips got them unplugged
the pores didn't shrink so the blackheads would just reappear
i tried using the biore strips with it too
i've tried the biore nose strips
i'd started to get some oily patches of enlarged pores around the sides of my nose
the pores are just large
if you buy the vacuum cleaner i would suggest speeding up your results with pore strips
it really vacuums out those suckers
it absorbed all of the excess oil
pores appear smaller for a day or so
i wouldn't say it exactly extracted blackhead
it minimized my pores
it is easy to clear all the pores
even with the strips
after this product turns blue on my nose i get a warm wet towelette
right after i go to my pore strips and i use it.
it really does loosen blackheads by a lot.
you could literally feel the product sucking out all impurities upon application
supple along with a revolutionary sringake of my pores
it did make my pores look smaller
pores no more cleans the pores
t's pore no more vacuum cleaner surely did
amzing for oily skin it reduces oil around the nose area
there would be sucked-out blackheads all over the surface of my face
most of my clogged pores are empty
thin without being completely watery
leaves a slight tacky sensation after drying
had red spots from extraction
it's a light and fast-absorbing serum.
leaves no residue at all
absorbs quickly then i top with clinique all about eyes or farmacy eye dew
this serum is absorbed quickly.
it applies beautifully over the cold plasma
this eye serum melts into the skin.
very light and fast drying.
application hint: flatten your h
soaks in immediately, not greasy at all.
it goes on smoothly without any rubbing
it just absorbs right away
this combined with moisturizert rreally helps with dry skin
the skin around my eyes was so dry it was flaking off
which for my eyes includes cold plasma eye
absorbs into the skins within seconds
i don't need goo on my face
it dries in under 10 seconds for sure!
amazing serum that erase fine line without leaving grease
plus its an oily consistency that absorbs super quick
it does not cause clogged pores
it helps tighten the skin
it absorbs very quickly
it’s lightweight and soaks in incredibly fast.
under eye circles are blood vessels underneath the skin
absorbs right into my skin
my pores appear smaller
there's just nothing i've found that smoothes
tightens my skin like this
jaw line is more sculpted
i wear a tiny bit of mineral powder
the pores are minimized
my pores look smaller
my pores are minimized and my skin is dewy.
the pore minimizer toner
bright with smaller pores
it keeps my face flake free
fills in the fine lines
evens out pigment/sun spots
i love the way my skin just absorbs the product.
as i have clogged pores
the texture is creamy and penetrates quickly.
doesnt dry out my skin like retin a
i do use this product along with peterthomasroth firmx peeling gel
smaller pores without any irritation to my sensitive skin
this does cause my dry sensitive skin to flake
soaks in right away
it absorbs into the skin very quickly.
it feels so creamy when i'm washing it off
this mask dries quickly
this mask deep cleans and dries quickly.
dries my pimples right away
though it can seep into your hair if you put it too close to the hairline
it never over-dries my skin or makes it flake
beware though because it may stain on your pillowcases
the reviewer who said this bleached out her brows
i would defiantly buy this product in the near future until i tried the pore refining charcoal mask
only product i've found that significantly flattens out a pimple that quick
the pore look smaller
it helps clear out clogged pores a lot
it dries fast and helps control my breakouts
the deep pore brush
i would have to use almost two sheets of oil blotting paper to get rid of the shine
finally no more shiny and oily skin!
find that it improves pore size
clears pores without turning my face red like so many over the counter br
i expected something thicker for a clay-based mask
it washes off well
sn't as intense as other clay masks when it dries
it really gets all the dirt out of my pore
gentle clogged pore extraction as needed
deep pore cleaning brush head
reduce my insane oiliness
this clay mask is very easy to wash off
it freshens my skin
my skin clears up quickly
exfoliate then leave the mask on for 5 minutes
the large pores on my nose
my pores are smaller
what is amazing about this product is that it peels your skin chemically
my nose started to peel
not as amazing as the glamglow clearing mud
this cleansing mask really helps control oil
1 reviewer actually said that when she gets breakouts she dabs a little bit of the cleansing mask
this helps open up my pores
because using a mask could strip my skin of its natural oils
it rinses off easily
it has clay so its perfect for absorbing oil!
smooth after i wash off
clears up my pores
my pores can get clogged
this freshens my skin up without drying it at all
it rinses off well
my pores are quite smaller
the bad: it dries out my already dry face
this mask really helps tighten my pores
this mask takes away all the excess oils without irritating the skin
helps heal them faster
the pore solutions serum that my pores have gotten considerably smaller
then rinse off with warm water
now i am using boscia pore minimizing which is making my skin oily-
this mask definitely reduces oil a lot
it deep cleans my skin
this mask dries out pimples
unclogs pores pretty well
it dries in about 5-15 minutes
this cleansing mask is a gentle soothing way to clean out your pores
this dries out your pimples within 5 minutes
i am using this to tighten my pores
over dry my skin
followed by clinique's amazing moisture surge
it just cleans your skin the best.
clay masks without an active ingredient like salicylic acid don't seem to do anything for my clogged pores really
it also really cleans out my pours
even my pours smaller
the salon gave her a tiny bit of mud powder to put a mask on
my best feeling is it is a clay mask without sulfur
smooths the skin without feeling greasy or heavy
i just put on a quick dusting of tarte powder
this stuff really absorbs into the skin
it absorbs very nicely
this cream gets absorbed into your skin quickly
more clogged pores since i started using this
my skin absorbs it quickly
it possibly getting contaminated
press into skin letting the warmth off your h
on my decollete area
this will be a great cream following facial peels
literally as soft as silk
this product has not only shrunken my pores
the scent dissipates after applying.
how it melts into the skin
with this little magic liquid
not grease not dry
i rub the excess onto the back of my h
this one actually melts into my skin
absorbs into the skin fast
it absorbs well into the skin
it is amazing for dry, parched skin.
not as thick or goop-y
literally glows immediately after application
it also absorbs well into the skin right away
the bottle itself does not contain the product: there is a plastic bladder that fits inside the bottle
i unscrewed the top
i've resorted to removing the inner packaging from its outer tube in order to get at the remaining cream
really seeps into the skin
it actually absorbs into the skin
1-2 small pumps will cover your entire face/neck
easily glides on my skin
made my foundation apply more evenly
it melts into your skin like
it smooths out so nicely you only need a small amount
almost all of them irritate my sensitive eye lids
pores are definitely smaller
i find it disappears quickly
my pores appear smaller
it immediately sinks in
this lightweight serum absorbs so fast
my skin retains moisture without looking oily
i think the texture is not too thin/runny
minimized pores in the first week
dry patches around my mouth
it more smells like pencil shavings
the smell quickly disappears once it's rubbed in
it absorbs very quickly into my skin
my daughter said maybe like raw bread dough
the actual product is on a dark glass container.
plastic decompose the properties which cause that fishy smell
it heals your wrinkles from within.
wash your hands twice.
glides on smoothly and absorbs quickly.
to my nose of rotting seaweed on a hot day at the beach
without leaving my cheeks dry
if it works, it woks.
cold plasma corrects 10 signs of visible aging
moisture than any other
it does dissipate after a while on your skin
this stuff absorbs quick with no residue.
i apply in sections as it absorbs so fast then follow with an oil free moisturizer
goes away quick as it absorbs
cold plasma dries/absorbs quickly
the smell disappears after you apply it
my pores are virtually gone
it leaves me peeling
this leaves my skin exfoliated
it keeps my skin wrinkled free
it also manages my pores.
for women of color with concerns of pores
my pores are shrinking
congested areas are matte
great for reducing wrinkles and smoothing skins.
it penetrates into skin so well it won't leave film
since then my skin has become ashy
yes it does have a 'fish' odor until it absorbs onto your face --
the pores appear smaller
it instantly gives extra moisture
it absorbs soo quickly
see how your skin adjusts
add the nutrients that my skin lacks
now i'm just using bare minerals
it absorbs very quickly
short of getting a professional chemical peel
my skin fully absorbs the product in a few minutes
my skin loves the amount of moisture this product imparts
spf in case of exposure to the sun
it also absorbs quickly anf has the necessary spf protection from the sun
it absorbs in about 30 seconds to a minute.
for my normal/dry skin with dry patches above brows
my face also produces alot of sweat.
remains moist for the day
am not worried about pores
has spf to protect from the sun
how quickly it is absorbed
you begin to see your discolorations fade into your true skin tone underneath
for sensitive darkening prone skin use with spf 50
your skin needs moisture to repair itself.
this product gives moisture
the smell doesn't linger after it absorbs into your skin
this product does not lighten sun damages
put a little powder on to absorb any extra sheen
it absorbs into my skin
then rinsed it off at night
like all physical blockers they tend to be thicker
it does have a mild sunscreen scent which disappears rather quickly
it absorbs into your skin
it dries down fast
t absorbs well into the skin
it definitely absorbs quickly
how it instantly smoothes my lines
doesn't irritate my eyes
softens any texture around the heavy without being heavy
it absorbs very quickly into the skin
it is non-greasy and absorbs immediately.
this cream does give a heated feeling to my skin when i rub cream into skin
it doesn't absorb as quickly
it glides on easily
because plastic travels well
it soaks in pretty quickly
of product between your fingertips
without rubbing or pulling your sensitive skin
it seems to absorb into the skin well
it doesn't leave shininess or oiliness like some of the other eye creams
absorbs quickly, lightweight, no smell.
it is creamy with just two small dabs per eye
this eye cream doesn't burn.
it also absorbs quickly
i like the extra moisture
absorbs easily into the skin
- does not irritate eyes or create milia
little white bumps/clogged pores
cons:- sort of unsanitary jar container
i used the entire jar
tightens the skin right away
you only need to use a tiny dab of this.
takes a bit to sink into skin
i've found it has been really foamy
removes absolutely all dirt/grime from my pores while being super gentle
paired with the cleansing pads
still manages to clean out my pores
this cleans so well and lathers so nicely.
clears up my blackheads
my skin normally gets tightly dry or oily
perfectly removes all dirt
for the first time my toning pad
i love this cleanser because it unclog my pores
removes even the most stubborn foundation
without being filled with nasty chemicals
clean out my pores
removes makeup effortlessly without drying my skin out
sensitive skin that gets dried easily in some areas
it foams up nicely with water.
night without drying out my skin
my pores are open as apposed to at the sink
pat my face dry
it lathers up nicely
everyone's skin reacts differently to any product
it doesn't leave an oily residue
the product really lathers up
this rinses off nicely
my skin is dry on the cheeks
oily around the forehead area
it isn't drying or oily
it have helped with his clogged pores.
then i rinse with cold water which makes it super foamy
it really cleans my combination skin without over-drying
i genuinely look forward to using the detox eye roller under my eyes after i wake up because it instantly soothes the puffiness
the cooling kick leaves a slight tingle on the skin
then use 1-2 fingers to gently tap under the eye outward
do the same to my eyelid to spread the product evenly
keep it in the fridge!
i find it help with blood circulation
it burns, but it works!
hydrates around the eyes
however the applicator has to be used gently on the under eye area
my skin dries out a little more
i just gently massage it into the skin
well i used this eye roller
it immediately tightens the delicate skin around my eyes without over-drying or irritating
when my rollerball vial gets about halfway down
the cool metal rollerball instantly depuffs
it also works fast if you refrigerate it too
the metal ball is very cooling
the metal ball feels really cooling on the skin.
it kinda drips everywhere
it de-puffs as it says
put it in the freezer to make the tip of the roller cold
i loved the cooling feel of the metal roller
the gel dries nice
hydrates the skin around the eyes
as product absorbs quickly
i love that it comes in a pump-style canister so that i'm not adding bacteria by dipping my fingers into a pot
it has not reduced my fins lines
it soaks in relatively fast
huge affordable tube or jar
creamy when dries lightweight
i went from normal to oily skin to dry skin
it allows makeup to glide on effortlessly
sealed the cracked skin
dry patches of skin on my face
because it soaks right in
patting this product really sink in my skin.
it lessens oiliness and prevents early wrinkles.
actually leaves a layer of oil on the surface of my face
keeps dryness at bay
it has a thick whipped texture
the moisture lasts the whole day!
it absorbs into the skin really nicely
it leaves no residue
after 10 minutes it absorbs into your skin nicely
peeling skin on my cheeks
it absorbs into your skin so nicely
nose from getting raw
first aid beauty's ultra repair® cream is a thick
clears up my dry spots quickly
doesn't feel too thick of clogs the pores when you put it on
it stays right below the surface
dry patches near my scalp
it does moisture all the dry patches
maybe i'll keep it to moisture my body or feet.
it dries quickly enough that i can re-lotion my h
i slather on a thick layer
my face turned into a grease ball
dries almost matte like
it got rid of the dried flaky skin overnight.
it dries down pretty quickly
once it dries down
it actually feels like it dries down to a powder finish
this one soaks in
the jar is huge
comes in a huge vat that you have to dip your fingers into
i immediately used my 2 sided charcoal sephora wipes to cleans my face
it absorbs so nicely
i can deal with blotting the oil off my skin
the cream leaves no sticky residue
my skin was teribly dried before
usually had to smother on a fair amount of color corrector
we were pepper sprayed as part of the academy
capillaries were less noticeable
good genes as well as the slip clay cleanser which i'm in love with
calms down irritated skin in general
it absorbs very well
now his skin isn't chapped or dried
it immediately calms my skin
it cools the skin
it's not my blood pressure
my skin feels cooled down the minute this lotion hits my skin
it sinks into my skin just fine
i love to slather a dollop on after i get out of the shower
it cools it down
it gives moisture without oil
then immediately patting on this serum
then gently rub it in.
it absorbs fairly quickly
i layer it with my perricone pore treatment products
sinks into my skin like a dream
no black heads or clogged pores
my pores seem to be smaller
sinks into my skin immediately
my pores appear smaller
renews the skin overnight
the skin texture started disappearing
my pores as well are smaller.
letting it sink in before finishing off with a lightweight moisturizer
which are the indent kind
my skin absorbed the product quickly
dead skin cells overnight
i love how it soaks right in
it isn't moisture or oil
retinol works by improving skin's deeper layers first
i notice my skin peels the following day
yet it removes as much as the peels withouth the irritation on your skin
keeping my pores from getting clogged
it is very liquidy
my pores are barely noticeable
it is a very runny product
then rub it in
its oily when rubbing it in
it absorbs so well
if these products get exposed to oxygen
once you manage to start dabbing this on your face
and its non-drying too!
first i have to make the dough
this visibly reduces the size of my pores.
found out that it does oxidize
pores appear more refined
it soaks right in
it absorbs into the skin very quickly too.
my skin starting peeling right away
nor does it clog my pores
shut those pores down
smoothed out the underlying sebum or whatever that is
any that seeps thru
make sure to exfoliate so that your product is penetrated into the skin
i developed little bumps underneath my skin that were basically just filled with sebum
the pores on my nose are smaller
i apply this in zones: forehead
the retinol hasn't dried me out
it clogged my pores with a lot of white heads
the oil base is so light and absorbs easily.
it soaks right in your skin leaving no residue.
q-tip to get the leftover mascara because that adds extra rubbing to a sensitive area
that one also left residue
the oil easily removes waterproof mascara
eyelash glue without me having to rub
this melts it all off easily
it washes off cleanly
i've used it to remove both liquid
massage 2 pumps of this oil onto your dry face
rinses off just as easily
this oil is ideal dissolves any makeup!
the oil's dissolving abilities unclogs my pores
best used in the shower as the product when activated with water turns milky
mufe matte velvet foundation well without any left over residue
dirts so easily without drying skin
this is the only thing that cleans my face when i'm wearing sheiseido's sun protection liquid foundation
when splashed with water
didn't want it to block my pores
which was supposed to be good for unclogging pores
including waterproof eye make up
washes off more easily
i first squeeze the cleansing oil onto dry h
easily remove waterproof liner deposited between the lashes as well as liner used to tightline
then dissolves in water
can be rinsed off easily
it softens my skin, but doesn't leave it oily.
this is the only cleansing oil i have found that causes no reactions with my already oily skin when removing hight spf or water resistant sun blocks
in which the product emulsifies becoming white
slides off my face easily
residue while leaving my skin soft
i can feel that it tights up my pores
it really makes the pores smaller
tapping gently in a thin layer that i can get away with applying more without any buildup or caking once the previous application
it is so nice on my skin absorbs quickly
it does minimize pores very nicely!
i noticed that it dried quickly
it absorbs quickly and does not feel greasy.
pores no more is 1
need only light additional moisture on my outer cheeks in cool weather
sterilize them for reuse
especially under the pore refiner
one complaint--the bottle's pump is missing the inner plastic tube so the pump doesn't work
keeps my oily skin virtually shine free.
apply sparingly in oily areas.
not drying or cakey
constantly blotting throughout the day.
my pours have shrunk
i followed it up with the pore refiner
it's usually separating/creasing because of my oily skin
it is my moisture and primer all in one!
the shower get produces a light foam which is also an ideal medium for shaving my legs as it's not overly foamy
yes it hydrates as it absorbs oil
lots of blotting papers getting used
it absorbs right into my skin
my pore got larger
for oily, shiny skin.
seriously my pores just swept away under this lotion
this totally diminishes the appearance of my enlarged pores
i've also found this to reduce the appearance of the size of my pores
clogged pores or breakouts since using it
my pores have shrunk!
my pores look smaller
chin to control shine under my powder
i used blotting sheets
i wasn't concerned about minimizing the look of pores
made my pores seem to disappear
even in high humidity
my pores look less noticeable
every silica-based mattifying solution i tried got crusty
plus it minimizes the enlarged pores on my cheeks
i still need blotting papers
t skincare's pores no more
matte skin with less noticeable pores
does an okay job of minimizing pores
it absorbs extremely quickly
absorbs in no time
leaves my face feeling like i've just applied silicone based primer
creamy and rich, absorbs to skin quickly though.
just melts into your skin
moisturizes without making my skin feel sticky or oily
mostly disappears after absorbed
it glides onto my face
the product attracts moisture
pliable in the morning
just dot cheeks, chin, forehead, throat.
i love that it's lightweight and absorbs quickly.
it hydrates, softens, and firms up my skin.
it is very lightweight and absorbs quickly.
my forehead is greasy
with clear dry air
only use a tiny dollop
simply wipe off with a clean wash cloth the excess right before jumping into bed
i don't have an intact lipid layer to hold moisture in
i really keeps the moisture in my skin.
perfect for a cool drink of water on a slowly aging face
it absorbs quickly as well
you barely have tro use the tiniest dollop on your pinky
helps to eliminate small lines around mouth
put a dab at night
i've even put it on a hair follicle bump
seems to get a little runny/quickly dilutes with water
leaves the fave moist after makeup removal.
it actually cleared most of my clogged pores?
melts easily all your makeup
it also works great on long ware matted lipstick
then rinsing it off
it literally removes my waterproof mascara
even left over glue from false strip lashes
i used it with my clarisonic brush
it even works on waterproof
this cleansing oil emulsify makeup so effortlessly
your makeup will instantly melt off!
it's "watery" because it is a "cleansing oil"
pros: oils didn't clog my pores or break out my super sensitive skin
it dissolves heavy makeup
this helps melt it off
i also use it to clean my brushes that may have dried up pomade
my skin is combination with large pores.
i love how it cools my face
clean without being stripped of moisture
it removes every ounce of make up
without drying out your skin
as well as rinses off very easily
doesn't leave any oily residue
melts my make up right off
when i rinse it off with water
when i wiped my face with toner
it emulsified and rinsed easily.
just rub over dry face
its super easy to use and easy to rinse off.
rub it to get the milky consistency
then with a mild face wash
it doesn't clog pores
i hate losing runny product through my fingers
very effective at melting make up
after you rinse it leaves your skin so soft
i follow up with micellar water on a cotton pad
the milky texture makes for easy makeup removal that does not rip your eyelashes out
this oil dissolves all eyeliner
i pump drops onto my fingers
then use a cotton square to wipe off excess/oil
the viscosity is a little denser than other make-up remover oils which is great it get the product to your eyes before it runs off your fingers
work it onto your eyelids till you look like a raccoon
especially in my pores
it removes the makeup without striping the skink of its moisture
liquid lips with little effort
melts your makeup right off
rub the product in
pat with a dry towel
really melt away product
then scrub with warm water
it removes easily with a wet washcloth
it also soothes the skin
rub it in without water
it melts your makeup completely off without the feel of a heavy residue left on your skin
rub together then rub on my face
then rinse with water
somehow the oil moisturizes the dry spots
gently cleans the oily spots clean as a whistle
removes everything so gently
even stubborn liquid liner
other skin-loving essentials into your skin--
t's worth the extra emulsification to fully remove makeup
i rinse my face several times a day to remove the sheen
this product cleanses my face without any harshness or weight
it rinses off well
dry sensitive skin with black heads
massage it onto my face for 60 seconds then rinse it
splash with cold water
cool once you rinse it off
tried some mega-expensive shiseido face washes
thin layer over entire face
my pores are even smaller ?
clogged pores for years
it certainly dries up my breakouts
fresh without over drying
my pores significantly smaller
i've tried so many face washes
it helps heal them faster
while it doesn't foam a ton
rinsing with cold water
effective without drying out my face like other typical acne face washes
it has a vaseline texture without the greasy feeling
it does not foam
this face wash really cleans your pores
keep my oily skin under control
it is non-drying
start massaging manually until it develops into a rich lather
controlled the oiliness as well
so this tube lasts a while
not greasy/oily/filmy
it bleached my towel/clothes all the time
it eases the appearance of lines
not so much in the puckering
works great with pores
although it absorbs quickly
perricone pore minimizing toner after i wash
the consistency was runny
the lotion then leaks into the chamber between the outer
it reduces fine wrinkles about 70 percent
it evens out my skin.
or contour the face
on each of my eyelids had creases surgically made so as to maximize the opening of my upper eyelids
over it after it soaks in
juvedrem too-thought would need more juvederm in nasal folds
it also tingles and tightens immediately.
many products that claim to be "non-comedogenic" still clog my pores
it eliminates the dry areas
it absorbs into the skin very quickly
my skin mattefies as it soaks in
my skin was just absorbing too much moisture
it gets absorbed quickly
it is absorbed into the skin really quickly
light weight and absorbs nicely.
it absorbs within 15 seconds as i'm applying it in circular motions
red clay mask my pores have become less sebum blocked
it doesn't irritate or clog my pores.
because it absorbs into the skin very quickly
the texture is smooth not runny or greasy
absorbs very quickly with no residue
lessen my oiliness throughout the day
this lotion minimizes the look of my pores
lightweight, quickly absorbed to your skin.
dries really quick after applying
it sinks into your skin crazy fast
it absorbs really quickly so there is no greasy residue
it is not thick or clumpy or oily or sparkly
just the right amount of moisture.
not greasy, absorbs quickly.
calming when applying to skin
it absorbs right away
i love that it absorbs quickly
so light and soaks in so quick!
it is not oily and is fast absorbing!!
supple without causing breakouts or making my foundation slide around
warm it up between my fingertips
it absorbs quickly into my skin
it didn't irritate my sensitive skin or cause clogged pores
it's better to apply a layer of ultra repair cream after this
i often use clinique dramatically different moisture lotion at night
after rubbing it on i'll dab with my finger to distri
the applicator is a metal ball
which instantly takes down the puffiness
you can literally feel it decongesting your sinuses
the rollerball is smooth and cooling.
this roller works immediately.
the roller ball massage combined with the effective formula visibly reduces the swelling under my eyes
it's like a cool gel serum that tightens
the rollerball is cool on the eyes as advertised
love the packaging, and the cool metal roller!
the roller ball cools/de-puffs
the rollerball goes on smoothly without tugging.
because the rollerball moves smoothly
the roller ball rolls out the perfect amount of liquid
it doesn't feel so liquidy that it feels runny
it's not freezing cold, and dries quickly.
just roll it underneath your eyes for a soothing
the roller ball is cooling to the touch
it just zaps out puffiness.
i also use this on my upper lids which seems to eliminate puffiness there's well
the cooling sensation of the metal ball helps with puffiness
soothes and cools the skin.
the cooling effect of that really seems to soothe
the perfect amount of moisture for the day
also great after swimming in chlorine or being around smoke
almost instantly deflates my puffiness
the cabin air in planes just sucks the moisture out of my skin
it takes only seconds to dry
very good depuffer and roller ball.
anti-puff eye roller
i make sure my face is wetted with warm water before applying
finer pores after using twice a day
s to thin it out
plumps all the expression line on my face
it will clog my pores a little bit
compact powder in my car
nose doesn't shine through like it used to
even though i get lots of peels and ipls.
melts into the skin
i washed my face
it glides on your skin filling fine lines
it settles into fine lines beautifully
melted into my skin to make it even softer
lock in the moisture on your skin
this serum absorbs quickly
my pores are visibly smaller
it helps pores look smalller too
it isn't slippery or sticky.
my face was peeling
dried like the sahara
your skin absorbs it so well
it seems to absorb faster
it melts right into my skin.
my skin absorbs this in minutes.
started using this cream for dry skin on his forehead too
it goes away if you use a translucent powder to fight the shine
it absorbs quickly and is lightweight.
pore-clogging or greasy
it absorbs quickly and is smoothing.
it absorbs into my skin beautifully
i tried cetaphil deep moisture cream
warmth in my cheeks upon cleansing
soaks into the skin well
great moisturizer because it actually absorbs into the skin instead of floating on top like so many barrier types
night long lasting moisture
its non-greasy quickly absorbing
does not absorb quickly
when your skin lacks water it over produces oil.
does not clog pores
just the right about of thickness
i particually like this because it quenches my dry skin faster
it's light and absorbs quickly.
it was always dry flaking
cools all around my eyes
the product is quickly absorbed
my jar came with a little spoon-like applicator
i've never had oily eyelids.
it comes with an applicator so you don't use your fingers when applying
also helps get to the cream in edges of the bottle when it gets low
it also absorbs fairly quickly
use a dry cotton towel to open the jar
it melts into your eyes and wrinkles disappear.
the little 'spoon' applicator is genius
it absorbs quickly too and doesn't feel greasy.
it absorbs quickly and is very smooth going on.
this creme totally clears it up!
you have to cram your finger into the jar
hydrates, but doesn't wreck your makeup.
the product has a tiny little applicator
it provides great moisture to the skin around my eyes without being gressy
you only need a dab.
the first eye cream that doesn't burn the skin on my eyelids
lightweight eye cream that doesn't leave a thick layer under my eye
i get a chemical burn
very light, fast-absorbing.
lift the upper lid
sqeezed them into a little jar
that one is a bit liquidy
it's also great for firming upper lids.
it takes a while to absorb into the skin
it won't leave a residue
i love that the hydra life pro-youth sorbet eye creme reduces the fine lines that appear under my eyes
comes with a scooper to get the product out of the corners of the container
glides on the eye area easily
absorbs quickly into the skin
this product dramatically moisturized the circles under my eyes while remaining lightweight
if you need a blast of moisture
it even reduces crepiness on my face.
my lids started to become dry
it actually clears out pores
as the temperature dropped
my skin became a real problem with clogged pores
the clogged pores actually seem to clear out better than exfoliating scrubs
clogged pores on my chin
my pores have shrunk as well.
my pores appear smaller
all without any drying or flaking
this product completely detoxifies your skin cells so that they are better able to regenerate
cellular regeneration is basically your skin "turning over" so that your dead skin cells are eradicated
healthy skin cells can form
dry out my skin
smoothed out the look of my large pores
plus it makes my pores shrink
after that dries i apply my foundation
then over all that using mufe's beautiful new brush #130 i apply a light dusting of shiseido translucent loose powder
then lip gloss or lipstick
this didn't work as well as visionnaire on pores
it absorbs quickly and is not at all oily.
it cleared my face as well as the pores are smoother
it takes less than 1 min to absorb
pores are much more minimized than before
serums absorb much better into my skin
it goes on smoothly onto clean skin.
it helps the other skincare products seep into my skin much better
my pores are minimized
i believe 7 layers of skin
the serum pushes up into the surface all the yucky stuff---toxins etc
my skin was parched
creams penetrate much quicker
if it comes in a jar or tube
my pores have gotten smaller
it really does help to clean out the pores
detoxify the skin of any impurities that get deep down
burns when a product is applied
it absorbs almost instantly
my pores are smaller
it absorbs quickly and a luttle goes a long way.
even the tiniest half-pea-size amount foams to a lovely
it either stings my skin or strips the moisture from my skin
the cream absorbs quickly
absorbs quickly, not greasy, not clogging.
jar lasts a long time.
this cream is absorbed quickly
it also works perfectly on all the other surfaces of my combination skin
it hydrates without leaving the skin oily
how quickly it absorbs
it smells faintly like cod liver oil until it dries
then i wipe it off gently with a warm washcloth or paper towel
my broken capillaries appear fewer.
my sun-damanged pores
visible pores look tighter too—in a lighted magnifying mirror
swiped micellar water over my face with a pad
it immediately loosened all the dry scaly skin
absorbed into my skin with seconds
i love to layer it with perricone's firming eye cream for maximum results
i paired it with my eye lift gel
it fades very quickly
i find any odor dissipates within a minute or two
some days it's flaking off
plumping my fine lines almost instantly
let it soak in a few mins before using my eye shadow primer
i've tried everything from vaseline
cold plasma works without drying out your skin.
i slather it on and wait for it to absorb.
i suggest putting this on in a thick layer
lines are smoothing out
smooth that it seeps into the skin giving it that thirsty moist drink to combat fine lines
minimizes crows feet as well.
this works well on oily skin.
eye when i was reordering my cold plasma face
makeup overtop of the cold plasma eye it stops it from smelling bad
it works great underneath my makeup—it doesn’t ball up or flake
absorbs very quickly underneath my eyes
cold plasma eye significantly reduced the darkness
even on the lid
it also absorbs so quickly
deep wrinkles from my skin constantly drying
leaves no greasy residue
its now a goopy mess :/
i wear a matte powder-liquid foundation to keep my skin from getting too oily
cakey on my dry skin
sinks right in my dry skin
this hydrates my dry skin like nothing else except the belief moisture bomb
often dry "over 50" skin
no whitish/greyish cast
it does a great job with the dryer patches on my cheeks
it takes a while to absorb
it absorbs quickly into the skin and has spf.
i "seal" it with a light coat of ultra repair balm
this is perfect: absorbs quickly
as a swimmer i am exposed to chlorine that can make the dry areas even drier
it melts into the skin!
not exposed to the sun
protective products are often thick
it absorbs quickly and goes on light.
my skin absorbs it quickly
i could overcome that with blotting sheets
it's not greasy and it absorbs quickly.
sensitive skin that burns in a heartbeat
protect my sensitive face from harmful uva
usually dust with some mineral veil
i put a primer over it then a liquid foundation works great
it's great at night to keep my skin free of blemishes without clogging pores
gently rub my h
it's not sticky absorbs quick
fixes my dry patches
it keeps breakouts at bay without overdrying
not greasy, absorbs easily and is not too watery.
doesn't clog my pores or make my skin greasy
my pores remain clean
unclogged because this product
keeps the dryer patches of my skin moisturized while not being too oily for the more oily parts of my skin
oily skin will love it
really got those toxins out
pores are less visible
it does not clog my pores
does not clog my pores
absorbs quickly and feels super light.
heater combination really seems to attack my skin
this clay wash as a second step
but beware the thickness of the formula!
it felt like rinsing off a mask.
without causing dry patches
the mask is made from clay
t doesn't foam like most face washes
oily or combo skin
decongests the skin without drying or irritating
the clay formula draws out all impurities naturally
it seems to be keeping my pores clear
drying on my skin
clarifies without overly drying
as it does not lather it is completely devoid of sulphates
it washes off completely
it doesn't lather up
it rinses off very nicely
after rinsing my face looks shiny like the clay has sucked out all the bacteria
doesn't strip my skin of moisture
i've found ren's clearcalm clay cleanser to be consistently effective in clearing break-outs quickly without drying out my skin
or else the clay turns too milky
along with larger pores
somehow manages to keep skin soft
nourishes any current break-outs that i have
doesn't strip my skin
moisturizing the product gets soaked right into your skin leaving it so soft
dirt into your skin
it comes on milky
dry patches on my chin
doesn't linger once you rinse
cleans your skin without leaving it stripped
apply to dry skin using damp hands.
it pulls the oil from your face
the mask calms and cleans very well.
sinks into my skin easily
it also dries up in the end
basically like rubbing alcohol
that adequately moisturizes my skin without causing clogged pores
never leaves my skin oily or shiny
it adds a good amount of moisture
the slight cooling effect does clam down my skin from blemishes a bit
i like to use this on top of my herbivore lapis oil after it sinks in for some added moisture
prevents blemishes as i have dry
it will apply thick
this product absorbed into my skin very well
pros: good over all moisture
my skin hasn't flaked or cracked since using this
adds just enough moisture
then a thermal water toner then this
it dissipates readily enough
it does not leave residue or greasiness
doesn't dry sticky or greasy
/or have oily/combination skin
i don't wake up with any oily residue or irritation
didn't clog my pores
i noticed that my skin was drying out on top of having patches of oiliness
it absorbs quickly with no greasy feel
this one calms my skin down
it calms the skin
it really helps to soften
hydrate the skin from the deepest layer possible
is absorbed easily into my skin
provides lasting moisture for my normal to oily skin
it really calms the skin down
it absorbs well too.
without clogging my pores
usually everything rubs off on the pillow.
the scabby parts magically peeled up on their own
doesn't clog my pores
i love how quickly this absorbs
it calms my skin
this peel off face mask is amazing.
it helps unclog my pores leaving my skin feeling so smooth
after you peel off the mask
super satisfying to peel it all off
seeing all the grime
grime come out of my pores makes this mask "worth it" to me
even layer on the face
i can see the dirt peeling off together with the mask
it visibly unclogs a good amount of my pores
it peels off fairly easily.
minimized my pores after the first use
or it hurts to peel off
it minimizes pores after first time use
this is more of a weekly mask that cleans your pores gradually
clean my pores because i've been breaking out a lot with blackheads
it does nothing to unclog pores.
it pulls off my dead skin
so the trick for me is to creat a thick layer
when you peel, do it slowly.
i see baby hairs
i recommend washing your face with warm water beforeh
to open up the pores first
my pores were so much smaller
it doesn't spread out evenly
when i peel it off
the gel is soothing and doesn't burn my eyes.
this mask is not a pore strip!
the peeling aspect of the mask take off the dead skin cells on the top of your face
this is not one of those masks that pulls out all of your blackheads
removed most to all my blackhead on my nose
not have to close the pores up
easy and painless to peel off.
i just wish it pulled put more impurities like a nose strip does
seems to minimize pores well
it doesn't pull baby hairs like a lot of peel masks do
i make a slurry of baking soda
removes all impurities, stops oil production.
then one day i decided to do a small abrasion wash with just making a baking sofa
really pulls stuff out of my pores
easy to peel once it dries
this mask takes of dead skin
this mask does take off small hairs
i also extend it out a bit to part of my cheeks for my pores
this peel off mask is satisfying
large pores around the side of my nose
this mask works wonders to get rid of all the gross impurities on my nose
i love peeling off the mask
it pulled out some of the gunk in my pores
the more it continues to remove the gunk
sinks into my skin super quickly
after peeling it off
because it seriously cleans the skin for impurities
removes the dead skin
it really helped reduce my pores with regular use
when is wet it burns my eyes
brightens skin and waxes off unwanted hairs.
i've tried a few of these charcoal peel off masks in the past
makes my pores look so much smaller
impurities from my pores without it hurting or burning
easy to put on, easy to peel off!
removed all baby hairs
each time tried different methods to help soften my pores
applied the mask thick
it absorbs nicely in my normal areas
for the sticky texture on my oily zones
the oil for added moisture
it moisturizes as well as helps fade dark spots.
this eye cream is thick but sinks in so well.
moisturizes well and absorbs quickly.
t's perfect to layer under a primer
it protects your skin from free radicals
it's a little heavy, but it absorbs quickly.
it disappears after a while
that quickly absorbs into the skin
it also absorbs fast.
the reason it is thick is because it contains the serum within it- which is dewy
having all this goodness in one does lead to thickness
it protects my skin
tear a tissue in two
blot it on my skin to get rid of excess oil
i just use "a dab" on each cheek
dries quickly and it isn't greasy.
thick on your face
soaks in very quickly
my skin absorbs it nicely
it smooths right into my skin in the mornings
it protects my skin from the sun
this just absorbs into my skin
feeling my skin reacting to the damaging rays
i prefer storing in the fridge.
i like the way it feels and absorbs into my skin.
the sun is unforgiving
the scars are dissipating
the smell will usually dissipate a few minutes after applying
it absorbs a little more slowly than i'd like
absorbs quickly and goes smooth with make up.
how quickly it absorbs into my skin
it just soaks in
then rub it in
absorbs quickly without feeling sticky or gummy
it just melts in
it absorbs nicely without being heavy.
make my eyes burn
i feel like my skin is completely quenched without goopy lotion
the depth of the moisture gets rid of my splotchy red cheeks
the creases on my forehead
this soaks right into your skin
smoothed and cleared up my skin.
it has a mattifying effect on my skin
my pores aren't as visible
had superfine lines on my forehead
less baggy wrinkly lines
actually clears up my skin
it is quick drying
seemed to minimize my pores.
the texture of the skin is immediatly improves
soaks up really nice
it just really smooths things out.
reduces some fine lines on my forehead
i've exposed my skin to lots of sun
helps reduce lines while leaving your skin smooth
rich eye cream locks in the moisture
little eye-crinkles smoothed out
i only use the product once a day with clinique moisture surge cream
i love the way it goes on and absorbs instantly.
thumb to warm it up
this product cannot be "dabbed" on.
doesn't clog my pores
it has a paste consistency
super thick eye cream.
it is a godsend for dry lids
dry nyc apartment radiator heat
using the heat of my fingertips to thin out
the oils are absorbed into your skin
crepey lids even a year later
yet not tooo creamy that it clogs pores
little white bumps around the eye area caused my products that clog the pores
on my seocnd tub, i useit more sparingly.
any broken skin heals
this cream is thick
eyelids- dry every place else
chapped or severely textured due to dryness
softens your skin immediately
my skin was literally flaking off my face
sinks into skin beautifully
i apply a thick amount at night before i brush my teeth
it absorbs into the skin nicely.
it didn't clog my pores or break me out
it just sinks into your skin so nicely
this one plumps and keeps me moist.
with a few minutes of massaging
my pores got smaller after a week
my skin needed extra moisture
its the perfect amount of moisture that my skin needs
it also plumps up the skin
clogged pores or texture which is very hard to find in a thick moisturizer
deep hydration without grease or oiliness
i even can layer an spf on top
it absorbs fairly quickly
doesn't cause pore congestion
absorbed immediately and never felt greasy.
it seems to soak in to my skin
would also clog my pores
almost automatically picture clogged pores
somehow is thick yet still absorbs quickly
it soaks into the skin quickly
luminous without any greasy or oily feeling
with no moisture/oil left in their skin
his tattoo never once peeled or flaked.
my large pores look smaller
the oily areas are oily
left my oily areas greasy
unfortunately it also clogged my pores
i did get a crazy amount of sebaceous filaments from this product
helped eliminate dry patches
it smoothes in easily
leave it on my face to open my pores
then apply a thin amount of tsubaki oil
usually rich creams cause me to sweat in a warm room
it adds moisture to the areas that need it
it comes with the little spoon to prevent bacteria from fingers getting into it
dryer skin in winter months, oily in summer.
thicker than my usual face cream
this light weight cream is quick to absorb.
great to use in dry patches
our water my skin feels like parchment paper
it really soaks in overnight and moisturizes.
which has sun damage
it goes on gently
then wipe it off with a tissue or a damp towel
it's so gentle and effectively cleans the skin.
my skin clears up faster
it cleans my skin without any irritation
i rub it into my skin in a circular motion
it lasts along time takes off even waterproof mascara easily
the bobbi brown extra eye repair cream
super dry around my mouth
perfect for dried a combination skin
i love how nicely her products sink into the skin
very nourishing without leaving a heavy greasy residue
it absorbs quickly and is perfect for summer use.
it literally made all my skin peel off
it's very lightweight, absorbs easily.
combo or oily skin
my skin has been dryer
which i think i'll check out a serum to layer underneath
that means dry patches or oily skin or normal skin
my makeup clung to dry patches
it won't clog your pores
absorbs almost instantly withiut a greasy feeling
it absorbed into my skin
doesn't feel like it's clogging your pores
opposed to rubbing it on your face
smoothing out my face
it absorbs without leaving a greasy/oily feeling.
the clinique moisture surge
doesn't cause breakout, absorbs quickly.
seems thicker and slower to absorb.
it doesn't clog my pores
replenishes dry skin without causing breakouts for my sensitive skin
not sticky or gooey and absorbs quickly.
it definitely leaves my skin moisture
absorbs very quickly, doesn't leave oily film.
it goes on evenly
caused my pores to get clogged
this cream goes great underneath makeup—no flaking or balling up
it absorbs fairly quickly
it keeps my skin from flaking off throughout the day
not settling into lines or beading up on the skin
this soaks right in
gently pat under my eyes
will be saving the small jar from the eye cream
1- bobbi brown tests on animals
it plumps up the skin around my eyes
spread it gently over your undereye region
it melted into the skin beautifully
so you prevent bacteria from growing in the container
then gently dab evenly across under eyes
this is a great, fast-drying eye cream.
the perfect amount of moisture for the delicate skin around your eyes
also prevents creasing after applying your concealer
fills in lines to act as primer under concealer relaly well
completely fixed my issue of creasing/caking near my under eye area
delays the melting of my eye liners
briefly massage the eye cream between your fingers before applying
the skin on my eyelids often cracks
product absorbs pretty quickly, too.
on to the pros: it goes on evenly
keeps under eye area moist
the texture is smooth and quickly absorbed
absorbs into the skin really quickly
fills in any existing undereye lines i have
prevents creasing or fading
it didnt give me clogged pores under my eyes
which could also be the action of gently massaging the skin
the tiniest dab can h
it fully absorbs and is non-greasy.
i constantly have had to gently rub the smudges from under my eye throughout the day because my eye cream caused my mascara to smudge
plumps any fine lines
it prevents under-eye concealer from creasing
then switched over to a thicker cream
this eye cream soothes
it gives a great lather
foamy lather that dissolves makeup
i scraped it into a little container
removes make up and facial oils.
it burns if it gets in your eyes xd
i keep one tube in the shower
it's got thick foam, and cleanses well.
it cleans very well
doesn't strip my face of moisture
foamy lather when combined with water
it glides smoothly between palms
you only need a little bit because once it hits water it instantly smoothes onto the face
because it seals tight so that water splashed around in the shower can’t get inside the tube
bacteria out of my pores
it rinses easily without leaving any residue behind
cleans with using my bare h
adds luminosity, seals in moisture& is thick.
lessens wrinkles on my face
the cold serum helps to cool down my face after a good scrub
my pores are smaller
this makes the dry patches smooth over
it absorbs quickly into the skin.
it really soaks in
great for combo-oily skin types!
with it being oil-free it doesn’t clog my pores or make my skin look oilier
it layers great without any flaking or balling up
i believe it has helped with my pores
which is also oily
with combination skin- basically dry cheeks
my pores look smaller.
a primer in one jar
it soaks into my skin really fast
it does sink into the skin
to apply i just use a clean foundation brush
get a thin layer in the brush
super dry on my cheeks
it absorbs in a couple minutes
kept my makeup from oxidizing
it stops foundation from creasing
it doesn't absorb into the skin
it soaks so quickly into your skin
won't become greasy or thick
i've used it underneath powders
it absorbs right in
i saw several you tubers use this
smooths out my skin
this really smooths out the skin
it absorbs quickly into the skin leaving it feeling plump
my pores are slightly enlarged.
i've noticed my makeup is less prone to creasing when using this
doesn't crease or sink into pores
it absorbs really quickly into the skin.
then use monistat anti chaffing powder gel on top
then oily skin on my forehead
i've got oily-combination skin
absorbs very quickly leaving your face the perfect blank canvas for makeup
working in a hot kitchen my makeup melts off my face very quickly
while keeping the oily zones fairly matte
my makeup sticks on like glue
t can completely absorb my oils
it smoothes out the face like a primer
i've noticed my makeup melts off less
but in turn... can also be pore clogging.
this works as shield to protect my skin from wind
got rid of dry patches
nice absorbing oil balances skin nicely
it soaks into my skin
this oil provides the perfect amount of moisture for my dry winter skin
it is like "the body butter" of oils.
soaks in your skin
does dissipate pretty quickly
silky my face is when i wash it
i will soak in
its just a hole at the top of the elegant glass container
it has much moisture
i dont need moisture or facial cream for restore moisture on my face
the jar threads are leaky
it doesn't seem to clog pores, is absorbed well.
put it in small eyedropper bottles
saves contaminating the product.
i need ten drops of the other face oils
it helps soothe my skin
it provides the perfect amount of moisture to my skin without clogging pores or feeling greasy
it's so quickly absorbed into the skin
i first tried the bobbi brown triple balm
it does absorb quickly
it just absorbs right into my skin
you can use this on elbows and cuticles as well.
my skin has more moisture
it absorbs well, softens skin and smells amazing.
i love how it absorbs quickly
suggest rubbing between finger tips before applying
the thickness helps moisturize your sensitive under eyes
then finish with bare mineral powder foundation
takes some time to absorb into the skin
this warms so quickly as you pat/tap it in
that it just melts into you like
she dabbed the extra repair eye cream under my eyes
maintaining moisture on my very dry
i slather it on in a thick layer
it absorbs in a few minutes
use on upper lip for lip line filler.
acts as a plumper/filler.
it doesn't melt or drip or disappear or weep
not oily its rich
this eye cream takes the cake
this eye cream is very dense
dry skin under my eyes
bobbi brown extra eye repair cream is it
it instantly sinks in
i knew it was moslt dry skin causing my makeup to crease
bobbi brown's extra eye repair cream is rich
tap product lightly against the undereye skin with a finger
the cream is pretty thick but absorbs well.
during the pollen season my eyes got extremely dry
does temporarily plump up the skin
it melts right in after a shower/bath-
the jar lasts a long time
actually plumps my upper eyelid
i layer it with bobbi brown’s “extra eye balm” to give my eyes double the hydration
using my hairdryer for drying
a light wipe with a damp cotton swab to remove residue
it literally gets rid of wrinkles
need to wipe off white dry spots
my trick with white residue is once it dries use contact lens cleaner instead of water
it's like the hack if your mascara drys up quick use contact lens cleaner cause it doesn't mess with the chemical compound
pat it under my eyes until it dries
even a pore-diminishing effect
working with no white film after being dunked in the baptismal pool
so, the white residue issue.
make sure to spread evenly
if you see any dab lightly with a damp cloth
as when i tried to use a liquid
i put a very light layer with airbrush
without a single pore or wrinkle on my face
i decided to use bare minerals over it
just put the bare minerals on with a soft brush
let the air out of the tube
then apply to skin with fingertips
use a sponge or cloth
it instantly smooths the skin
read about the residue
the water does not affect the tightness it just removes the residue
after drying it has a cooling feeling
it takes out the white residue
if it dries out
add a tiny bit of water to reactivate it
the forehead vertical lines
so just wipe off lightly with a face wipe or damp cloth
pores, minimized or gone.
it even erases the pillow marks
i've got pretty visible pores on cheeks
this product helps minimize the pores as well
the pores are almost invisible now
use it on naked skin
or you'll get a white "wash' surface glace
it smooths and tightens my skin.
if i dabbed just a teeny bit of moisturizer on it
looks great before rinsing off the residue!
dries very quickly so move quick
use loose powder over it
use a clear brow gel to comb it away
smear it all over for a thin layer
it can be wiped away with a damp cloth.
i do not use a damp towel after it dries.
since the "magic" disappears
just touch up the residue edges with a moistened q-tip
my pores which are large
pat the area gently
thin layers or you'll get chalky caking
after shaking the tube
spead a light layer over the face
the folds around the nose
blot gently with a wet cloth
puffs out the deep creases in my face
smooths everything out and tightens.
it is a glue-like mask that you apply
it pulls your skin tight
wet my finger tips slightly
i rub it around with the water
it wipes right off with a little water
i smooth a small pea size amount onto my forehead
it freezes my wrinkles away for hours
covers fine to medium wrinkles
it smooths out your fine lines
and then it washes off.....
smoothes out all the lines
which you can easily erase with a damp q-tip or finger
it instantly tightens skin
pat dry after it dries on your face
i mix a pea sized drop in a shot glass with a moist make up brush
smooths the fine lines around my eyes
then wipe off residue
if i use a thin amount i don't get the white dried residue
i applied to the deep crease in my forehead
like magic, the crease was minimized.
this completely seals it up and smooths the area.
a wet finger works to brush it away
this seems to soak in
my pores are smaller
dry on my cheeks
it sinks in immediately
this fluid is so light
gets absorbed into your skin very quickly
this serum absorbs quickly
certain moisturizes sits on the surface of your skin
if soybean oil clogs your pores
the soybean oil doesn't clog my pores
my skin soaks it right in
refrigerate it for the best texture of the cream
it does absorb quickly
the product absorbs so quickly
my skin absorbs this product so quickly
feel naturally hydrated without creating a heavy or slippery layer
absorbs into the skin
making my dry patches st
then i've used the murad mattifying moisterizer
it feels like smearing liquid glue on your face
pores that clog when the wind blows the wrong way
it also absorbs super fast
absorbs quickly and sits well under makeup.
i worked in a thin layer
so i used another thin layer.
i love how quickly this soaks in on the face.
the cheeks of my face tend to get oily
absorbs into skin beautifully
doesn't leave a sticky residue
it's so lightweight that it literally melts into your skin
it soaks right in
fixed the dry patches in the furrows of my nose
it has a whipped consistency and absorbs quickly.
not drying for normal/dry sensitive skin
the product is pilling up while removing all of the dead skin off your face
it just absorbs into my skin
dab the lotion on each cheek, nose, forehead.
it dries on my skin very quickly
the spf in it doesn't burn my eyes
don't layer on sunscreen afterwards or it will minimize the effects
i could go through vats of this
my pores are shrinking
great protection without clogging pores.
i guess that's due to this lotion's sunlight-activated technology
(uses energy from sunlight to restore skin).
i can see the pores have been minimized
product is not greasy/oily
i apply it with a flat foundation brush
struggle with peeling/flaky/chapped skin when i'm actively applying the cream
really helps with the peeling
the potential to gum up
it's light and smooths right on.
it absorbs right away
it goes on easily without greasiness
failing to "blend the edges/blend the whole face well
temples using a fingertip feathering/smoothing technique
apply product to within 1 inch of the edge of your face
this will prevent the pilling issue
t can seep into my skin before i put on a small amount of makeup
it melts right on my skin
i love the application with the cooling metal pieces that the gel comes out of
it is a fairly thick gel
after a few minutes just melts into the skin
use the roller to cut down on the redness
i love the cool rollers
one hour my puffy eyelids that droop to my eyelashes lift
instantly helped with my puffy morning eyelids
a classic test for it is putting ice on the eye lids
with the metal tip
plastic container you can rub an ice cold roller ball around your eye
i roll on this gel
these little metal roll-on balls make the under eye blood circulate well
i ordered a new facial oil with this roll-on gel
the roller ball feels nice
i find the tube emits too much of the actual product
i squeeze the tube very lightly
like adding moisture to my eye area
for a few moments while it dries
i like the cool feel of the applicator under my eyes
i feel a residue/excess moisture
because the balls are metal it has a cooling effect
keep this in fridge
love the rollers on the application
i love the cool feeling of the roll-on applicator
i actually squeeze a little bit of the gel on my fingertip
after i use the instant depuffing roll-on gel
i love the sephora depuffing roll-on-gel.
about 10 minutes once it dries the puffiness has gone down
it goes on quickly and not "too" liquidy.
i love the cooling effect the roller balls give
the shininess/greasiness that this leaves on my skin disappears as soon as i apply fondation or concealer under my eyes
dries quickly and doesn't tighten at all.
along with my cold water face splash
does what it says- it de puffs.
its lightweight and absorbs quickly.
forth to get it to apply evenly
helps my eyes de-puff a lot faster
a little roller ball can't fix this
the rollers are cool
puffs in a few minutes
it's easy to get out of the applicator
a cooling gel in a roller ball applicator that's great as a travel size
it refreshes my eyes
i started applying the gel before bed
what i really like is the cooling sensation from the roller balls
lightweight and did not clog my pores.
it absorbs so quickly
accutane severly dries the oils out of your skin
so weightless once you apply
it absorbs so quickly
washes in for siphons br
instantly soaks into your skin
that dissolves away very fast
the soaks in so quickly
my skin was instantly repaired
in a few minutes gets absorbed into the skin
my cheeks are so dry
this gives my skin the perfect amount of moisture
it felt like it was clogging my pores
this moisturizer sinks into my skin beautifully
this product also smooths out my skin so the hyaluronic acid in it definitely helps
for keeping my skin from drying
goes on thick but absorbs well.
that yucky thick layer feeling
it absorbs right into the skin
it erases all the dry patches on my face
it absorbs instantly without leaving a greasy feel
i love the hyaluronic acid it locks in moisture
fresh scent as well as not leaving a residue after applying
moisturizes without causing irritation or break outs
it doesnt leave a greasy residue it sinks in quickly
it gives the perfect amount of moisture
i love that the formula absorbs quickly
t absorbs into your skin nicely
it does have a scent but it fades quickly.
retains moisture throughout the entire day
my skin was still drying
i warm the product between two fingers before i tap gently under
helped firm and lift my dry eyelids.
leaves my eye skin dewy instead of dry
you barely need a dab
it contaminates the cream
i just dab it on
i feel the spatula is kind of a waste
she also helped me with my spatula/scoop technique
so the one small spatula scoup lasts me for both eyes
i've used probably a third of the canister
as a fist time eye cream customer
absorbs quickly without leaving any stickiness
this eye cream rocks!
tiny wrinkles on my lids
the cream feels like a fluffy whip
once applied it smooths out into a serum-like consistency
there's a slight cooling sensation
not slippery or thick
soaks in without a trace leaving the skin smooth
from the packaging to the way it sinks in with no irritation
i prefer a thicker eye cream
it does have a rich texture and absorbs well.
non greasy, easily absorbed.
creamy with no residue left on the skin
the product absorbs quickly
crinkles under the eyes
lightening the undereye area
absorbs easily and does not irritate eyes.
it softens fine lines
you can use it on your eye lids
my eye area instantly absorbed it
upper-lid skin become smooth
squirted this stuff directly into my eyeball
it does take me two rounds of washing with sephora's precision pore cleansing pad to fully remove my warpaint
it doesn't pump out cleanly because some of the cleanser seeps out from the pump's neck
it lifts the blackheads right out of my skin
smooth after rinsing without a trace of oil
glides well across the skin
massaged onto my face
washed it off with warm water
this product helps your skin takes in the moisture
actually like to have a warm wash cloth h
this purifying oil is like a tall glass of water for my skin
this is the fist cream that keeps my skin clear
it really absorbs well
just glides over your skin
is absorbed into skin quickly
this product absorbs quickly
it is really light and absorbs quickly.
it absorbs quickly lasts all day.
never leaves an oily trace behind
its a pretty thick cream
had a creamy texture that absorbs very quickly
feeling like wearing greasepaint
which makes my skin dryer
takes sometime to absorb as i have oily skin
use in my oily areas sparingly
does not cause oiliness or beak outs on my sensitive
it moisturizes all day and doesn't clog pores.
it soaks right in
protects it with the spf
it sinks right into my skin as soon as i glide it onto my face
so my skin retains moisture throughout the day without feeling "coated"
it leaves your skin quenched for the day
keeps the elasticity in her skin
step down to the wrinkleresist day emulsion
it is not greasy and smooths the skin.
it absorbs fairly quickly
doesn't ball up like some thicker eye creams do
my upper lids have some texture issues
the gel spreads amazingly well
i dab under eye
plumps delicate eye area
really softens the area
smooths the areas around my eyes
peeling skin around my eye lid
fresh looking eye sockets
over this gel like i also used to do with moisture bound intensive vitalizing eye complex
has no greasy or sticky residue after it dries
this eye cream helps to lock in the moisture around the eye area
can even be dabbed on to the eyelid itself
not too goopy, thin, runny or wet.
dries nicely on the skin and absorbs well.
doesn't irritate my skin nor does it clog any pores
i love how fast it absorbs
i love this eye gel because it uses bamboo instead of water
it has this cooling sensation
i unscrewed the top
there's a jar inside the jar
you only need a dab .
i can still feel a veil of moisture if i tap my lids/undereye 10 hours later
instead of caking/creasing you just see supple glowing skin
not so much that my mascara "bleeds"
does create a nice protective layer
gel for years under my eyes-- bags
dissolves quickly into the skin
also absorbs fairly quickly
i would say on the dry patches or areas maybe dab in a little extra moisturizer for a "second" layer after the first layer absorbs into your skin
this cream goes on so smoothly almost like a gel.
i felt my pores getting smaller
their overnight moisture mask
wasn't absorbing into my skin
this definitely absorbs quickly
heavy for a container of cream
hydrates like no other, and absorbs quickly.
keep my jar in the refrigerator
isn't oily or greasy
smooth, but not greasy and absorbs well.
with dry flaky patches
this one really soaks in
inside the heavy ridiculously bulky plastic container
even though it absorbs quickly
a heavier cream on my dry areas
i like that it absorbs smoothly over various serums that i use
alternate with a thicker cream in the pm
this cream absorbs so quickly it's fantastic!
is just the right amount of moisture
it's not light weight but it absorbs quickly.
call it skull moisturizer
perfect for normal to oily skin types
t absorbs even better into my skin
it turns out that the tub appears no larger than a 1 oz
it is non-greasy/oily
light texture, holds moisture in for (seriously!)
it gives me almost no pores
my skin soaks it up
my pores look smaller
it burns my face
i like the feel of this cream that absorbs fast.
knowing that the layer closest to your skin with the rejunenvating serum
which typically dries out your skin
this hyaluronic acid holds 1000x the moisture to your skin
i will stick with the moisture bound refreshing hydra-gel
it's also softened wrinkles as well as made my pores appear smaller
makes moisturizer slide on smoothly.
you apply a thin layer on the skin
sinks into your pores giving it the nutrients it needs
luxurious pre-moisturiser serum that gets absorbed quickly into the skin
allows for moisturiser to soak in nicely.
plumping effect diminishes fine lines-recommend: yes
it was developed to allow the bamboo sap to penetrate skin
then help regenerate new skin
personal with my gross pores
upward strokes make your pores st
the pores on my nose were almost invisible immediately
it feels like a silicone primer on the skin
it will make your pores invisible!
made the pores grow large
my pores become smaller
the tops of my cheeks
my pores seem less clogged
it's reduced the size of my pores
i don't think that this product really "refines" my pores or minimizes them
this product fills my pores
i love clinique's pore line.
reduce the size of my pores
some products seemed to enlarge my pores
my pores did not completely disappear
my pores look super small
i used powder for shiny spots on nose
thick makeup residue on the phone afterwards
if you want the appearance of smaller pores
my pores are noticeably smaller.
the pores on my nose are so much lighter
smaller as are the large pores on my cheeks i inherited from my mother
my pores are less noticeable
i don't have a pore problem
it fills in your pores giving you flawless skin.
it shrinks my open pores
i also use the moisture surge gel
while i still have pores
my pores were bigger
---i am really not sure it reduces pores.
the pores are shrinking.
clogged pores are giving up gunk
easily removed with cleansing
my pores look absent
my pores are so small now
miraculous fix for my ever-enlarging pores
i know for a fact that pores cannot shrink
without the chemical reaction my sensitive skin usually gets from primer
noticeable pores on my nose
in conjunction with pore strips
my pores are less noticeable
my t-zone was in such bad shape with clogged pores
it does make my pores look smaller.
one application of this correcting serum shrinks the pores
i'll probably still use pore strips
it did minimize the appearance of my pores
it did lessen the appearance of the pores on the bridge of my nose
i started washing my face because i had huge pores
)my pores have been dramatically minimized!!!
my pores have shrunk in size drastically just by combining this with the acne line
may seem to make pores look smaller
i no longer see my pores
it has visibly minimized the pores on my cheeks
this minimized the look of my pores by roughly 50%
my pores are smaller
as i don't have any other visible pores
would recommend to anyone with larger pores.
my pores are slightly tighter
large pores run in my family
since using this product my pores are smaller
this product works very well at making pores less visible
the skin less oily
it gets all gloppy
my huge pores will return
dries quickly with an almost powdery finish
the pore refining concentrate provides smaller pores
pores are much smaller
due to squeezing out blackheads
highly recommmend if you have large pores
subsequent big pores on my nose
one day my pores look smaller
pores on nose visibly smaller
i've always had large pores.
it minimizes my pores
have always had enlarged pores
it just dries up after a few dabs
made others heal faster
it erases fine lines
this small jar does wonders
she really does swear that her creases are less noticeable on the mornings after she applies the acyl-glutathione
it doesn't irritate the skin
that was icing on the cake
the creme is quickly absorbed
don't address the texture of your skin
it has helped to reduce the creasing in my forehead without making me break out
it tightens my jawline
makes my pores disappear
really does a lot to soften forehead creases
tiny broken blood vessels
has a tingly effect when first applied
in my forehead contour
my forehead is completely crease-free
it does not clog my pores, a major bonus!
reminds me of a clay mask
sinks immediately into my skin
this makes my pores invisible the next morning
for the subsequent layers of moisturization
i am not sure how well this serum minimizes wrinkles or rebuilds fir mess
then transforms into a slippery hydrator on the skin
melts into your flesh like
without any greasy residue
try to scoop from its walls the last bits of serum
soaks up very quickly
feed the skin moisture.
i love it because it literally soaks into your skin leaving no residue
the deep wrinkle minimizer set
it minimizes my forehead wrinkles including the11 lines between my eyes
i find the fluid to absorb quickly
they used to tell me i needed micro abrasion
my pores look smaller
the serum is light and gets absorbed quickly.
after just one day i got samples of the pore reducing moisturizer as serum was a little drying on my face
it does not sit on the skin - it absorbs quickly.
has just enough thickness to its consistency to spread nicely
skin takes time to repair.
i battle large pores
this serum seriously shrinks pores
goes on smooth and is quickly absorbed into skin.
even diluted in the sample it seems to plump the skin quite nicely
also reduced the appearance of my broken capillaries
pigmented spots are fading
i woke up with smoother pores
it soaks right into my skin
i stuck with the algenist concentrated reconstructing serum
within two days my skin was more moist
this face cream is thick
my skin just soaks it up with no greasy residue
it has a thick formula
then layer this on top
i've tried several which seemed to only clog up my pores
it soaks right in
hats to protect delicate facial skin from sun
it also relaxes soft lines and wrinkles.
moisturizes my dry skin without feeling tacky or clogging pores
my pores just disappear
gives me the moisture
anti- aging with a light weight that doesn't melt off during a hot flash
the jar is huge
it's light and absorbs right it.
it seems to absorb quickly
melts right into your skin
pair with makeup forever's duo mat powder foundation
it totally removes wrinkles and lifts.
i like something that absorbs quickly
winter always wreaks havoc on my skin.
probably by plumping the cells also minimizes the effect of smaller lines/wrinkles
easier to absorb into my skin
the pores are almost gone
it absorbs very quickly
my skin is firmed with tiny pores
it's so light and absorbs so quick!!!
soften my dried skin
i slathered this stuff on
it provides great moisture without being greasy
20 spy does not clog pores.
this combo causes dry patches.
makes my pores look invisible
the cream is kind of thick but absorbs quickly.
prone to dry patches as well as clogged pores
it feels like a mousse on the face
it spreads so easily
evenly on your skin
not oily or serum textured like some
it's thick and absorbs perfectly.
my cheeks are dry as a desert
it doesn't leave as much of a coating as other spf products
never leaves skin greasy
it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin glowing.
because spf molecules are bigger
sinks immediately deep into the skin
my skin was parched
moisture lasts all day
the air gets more dry
on freshly-washed skin it can be a little tingly
absorbs quickly and feels light weight.
goes on light and non-greasy.
my enlarged pores have virtually diminished.
it eases into my skin
form a film on the skin that peels off if it starts drying while you're massaging it into your skin
it soaks in quickly but really hydrates my skin.
it absorbs very quickly and is not greasy.
absorbs completely into my skin
the pores were smaller
pores are much smaller
jart water fuse eye gel
it does counteract the drying effects of baking with translucent powder under the eyes
feels lile it absorbs quickly.
hands down my holy grail!
this eye cream just sinks in your skin seamlessly
smooth and rich without greasiness.
puffiness from my eyes goes away with just a thin layer
even drier under eyes
it dries quickly with a satin like feel
i love the texture that can be absorbed quickly.
this hydrates my under eye area so well
it absorbs very quickly
not to put on your eyelids
i love a thick eye balm
does not clog the pores around my eyes
it's thick but it melts into your skin.
a dab of each mixed together
even flaking from my lash line up to my brow bone
this eye cream absorbs so well
this absorbed very quickly
flake free so far
it's just full of moisture.
this hydrates them wonderfully to where i have 0 texture issues on my lids
it hydrates the entire orbit area fabulously
got samples of 3 products: eye, lid and face fix.
rub my eyes a ton after its dried or b
it removes under eye bags and wrinkles!
then put on powder foundation on the forehead
after applying this product with a brush
this product totally flattens the area under the eyes
as stated yes leaves a residue
the white residue it there
i blend it with my fingertips
i foung the magic trick to fix the problem is blend all over face with bare mineral face powder
this firmx eye is magical goes on nicely with a nylon brush
it dries like flake glue
the skin did peel off
as time goes on the product gets thicker in the tube
then applying tiny dabs of the instant firmx eye
use a dry concealer brush to clean the excess off from the corners of the eye
it prevents the white residue from forming.
i apply it with my fingertip from the inner eye
quickly dab it on
but this stuff rocks.
caveat: you need to practice dabbing it on
do not move your face muscles while it dries
easily fixed it with a wet qtip
no powder could diffuse
when applied thinly with a brush
apply thin layer quickly under eyes
it smooths out fine lines
cause it to turn into cakey cement
tap a moist tissue around to remove any white ashy residue
follow the directions about removing extra residue
pulls up the area under the brow bone
as soon as it's absorbed
there is a white residual on your skin after the product dries out
shake the tube well before using itb
this product dries white so when it dries it will blend
it does leave a white residue
gently brush around the edges to take away the residue
there is dried residual
currently i use the liquid bare minerals
i can lightly brush over it or dab it for color
it left a white residue
i love the way this smooths the skin under my eyes
i squeeze as much air as possible out of the tube
then i knead the tube to thoroughly mix the contents
only apply a very thin layer
expressionless until the product dries
concealers because they destroy the tightening effect
i then squirt another tiny dab on my h
if i have a slight residue i use a makeup sponge
lightly dab the area
once you wash it off you will notice your puffiness disappears instantly
great primer for large pores & oily skin!
does help the sag
reduces under eye bags
don't soak it with foundation or it will dissolve
i also mix on my fingertip with a dab of my eye cream
it smoothed or filled my lines
de-puff underneath your eyes when you need it
instantly tightens your undereye area visibly.
then gently wipe under your eye with a damp cotton ball
the white residue comes off.
it sort of shrinks the skin, tightening it.
apply only a thin layer
fluid collected and formed a bulge.
gently rinsing off the residue
mix in wih a drop of water from the faucet
on upper lids as a lift
i used bare minerals over the top as a foundation once it it dry
to use a damp q-tip to wipe off
just dab it off with a lightly damp q-tip
lightly dab in to place
it helps to keep the white residue away.
it literally fills in all my pores on my t-zone
while there are many pore filling primers out there that work
most pore filling primers have way too much silicone
it will fill up your pores
i smooth it into my pores before foundation
now obviously my skin still produces sebum
i pat my face down with a tissue it goes right back to being matte
this made my pores
it smoothes my pores
it will make your pores look smaller again instantly
this goes from cream to powder in seconds
it works instantly, leaving no residue.
clings to my pores accentuating how big they are
my pores look wayy smaller
you kind of have to smear it around the bigger pores making sure its "filling" the pore
that it's flush with your skin
instant sheer coverage to eliminate look of pores on the nose
this is the only product that conceals pores without looking cakey or ashen
it smooths out my skin
fills in all the little holes
it blurs imperfections not erases
only on scars or larger pores
this works really well to minimize your pores
it makes my pores disappear
this is by far the best product ive used for hiding pores/oily skin
after a long journey in searching for a product that can cover up my nose pores in addition to applying liquid foundation
it rubs off my sunglasses
it covers up the pores immediately after application
i love that it minimizes the appearance of pores
appearance of the pores in my t-zone
nothing covers pores like this.
blends seamlessly into skin
it covered the pores on my nose quite nicely.
e evenly on my face
it does reduce the appearance of pores
it's the best pore minimizer i've tried!
short and simple, this helped hide my pores.
goes on smoothly, not greasy and dries quickly
it's the best ever for my enlarged pores
it covers my pores nicely
it hides the pores on my nose
truly hides large pores until you wash it off.
the texture fills in the line
i also usually rub a little extra over my nose to reduce the pores
then lightly dust on my face powder
struggle with big pores
i can barely see my pores after application
i don't really see that it minimizes my pipes
a little bit on my nose reduces shine
makes my pores seem to disappear
it covered my pores
or tap it into your large pore areas
it fills in large pores
doesn't clog the pores
i feel it minimized my pores dramatically.
it doesn't promise to reduce pore size over time or make pores invisible
it does promise to make pores appear smaller when applied
to reduce the look of pores
smooth top coat on the areas where my pores are most visible
my pores aren't huge
apply it lightly wherever pores are visible
it sinks right into my humongous pores
it stays matte and doesn't budge.
it minimizes the look of pores
having to wipe the area of the clumped product
it smoothes not only pores
the best thing about this oil is that it gently dissolves my eye makeup
it doesn't irritate my eyes but cleanses my skin.
powder etc i don't have a problem with large pores
works very well to minimize the appearance of pores
mattifies and makes pores less visible.
use this to hide my pores on days when i'm not wearing foundation
this helps minimize my pores
no better product exists for covering large pores on your nose
it really does make large pores on my nose disappear
is that while it fills the pores so that you are left with a smooth nearly poreless look
it does not clog the pores
it does reduce the appearance of the pores around my nose
totally diminishes the look of my pores
makes pores appear smaller
this is "old reliable" for spackling those pores in the nose area
this sort of smooths over my pores
will not clog my pores
this product really minimizes the appearance of pores
actually does seem to minimize pores
really does make my pores look smaller
to cover up icky pores
could immediately see that the matte finish minimized the look of my pores
i put it on top of my liquid foundation along my nose
my pores disappear and the shine is gone!
this product really makes visible pores disappear
that makes pores more visible
i don't have huge pores
makes the pores look smaller
it really does fill in pores
those pores turn into little blackheads --
it's for pore smoothing
this glides onto the skin like silk
it really helped to minimize my pores too.
as i have oily skin
this product glides on so easily
this is the only product i have found that hides my large pores on my nose
really does smooth pores
my pores appear smaller
oily skin in general
it just smooths everything out nicely
when used correctly it can reduce the appearance of pores
it defiantly improved the pores on my nose
this product instantly reduces the size of my pores
it smooths out the appearance of my skin
great for minimizing pores/blackheads on my nose
i personally love how viscous
i pump it directly onto my skin
whipped argan oil face
work the oil until it turns milky
3 pumps onto dry h
lather up on your dry face
i feel it strips the dirt
a thick oil so it does not drip down.
i wipe it off with warm water
almost like smothering a waterproof substance on the skin
place a few drops onto my wet palm
it melts away my makeup including my waterproof mascara
gently start rubbing in
then add water to create a bit of a lather then rinse off
it fades pretty quickly after you wash
it foams up with water
the moisture stays in all day
and i have oily skin!
melts away makeup effortlessly
seriously, makeup just dissolves.
you will not have joker lipstick smears
oil draws out oil
wet wash cloth for removal
doesn't clog my pores or anything.
my skin was an oil slick from forehead
the key to this cleanser is to truly turn it into a milky consistency after massaging it thoroughly onto the face
to remove any water based impurities
it perfectly moisturizes my face without any oily residue
my face dried out
gliding when massaging over the skin
grime off my face
because it cleans so well
smoothed over dry face
next-hot wet wash cloth held to face 2 or 3 times to loosen the dirt
rinse cloth with hot water
it literally takes every ounce of eye
have to rub harder on my eyelids to remove my eyeliner
squished it for a while
the blender looks like new
i follow it with a warm washcloth
it is the thickest oil i've tried
it washes off beautifully
then lather with water
it removes my waterproof foundation so well.
just put 3-4 pumps in your palm
after massaging this into my face
then wetting my face
pliable without feeling heavy or pilling when i apply foundation
illuminates the skin instantly
not only that it absorbs quickly
t won't clog your pores
it will not clog your pores
it soaks right into the skin
mostly oily in the forehead nose
find this one goes on light absorbs well
the total moisture cream
not sticky shiny slippery at all
my only complaint is that sometimes it leaves a shiny "layer" on my skin
"emulsion" is a great description of it because it literally melts into your skin
the moisturizer absorbs well without leaving the skin with a greasy feel
dry on my cheeks
after it soaks in well its fine
it is a bit sticky as it sinks in
soft once it's absorbed
it's a lovely daily moisturizer that protects my skin from the sun without making me feel like a grease pit
absorbs quickly into the skin
it's very light and still moistens dry skin.
very lightweight and absorbs so well.
absorbs right into my skin
my eyelid was dry and flakey.
the glass is surprisingly thick
this product spreads easily on my face
this lotion soaked right into my face without the slightest problem
oily on my skin
not shiny or sticky
it absorbs extremely quickly
the fact that this emulsion is so light means that it's less likely to clog pores
when pores are more likely to become blocked
who have issues with blocked pores
doesn't burn my eyes
it does absorb quickly
this product really sinks into the skin
this never made my face oily despite the thickness
the cream itself is thick
drier in the winter
it truly nourishes immediately.
it just melts into my skin
keeps the moisture throughout the day
i cleansed my face
it gets so dry that it seeps thru my makeup.
it takes a while to soak in
oily skin w dry spots.
make up doesn't smudge
large size glass jar with a faux cork top
i find it absorbs quickly
this product can moisten my skin well
it is very emollient without clogging pores
warm it between your fingers before application
my pores have minimized
in the winter it is bone dry
it keeps my face moist throughout the day
really quenches the skin thirst.
absorbs fast and isn't greasy.
dried up like a prune
all you need is a tiny dab
it absorbs quickly and works great.
its very lightweight, quickly absorbs.
though it absorbs quickly
oily t-zone dry cheeks
it provides great moisture
it hydrates them so quickly
to use benefit's emulsion during the day
because it plumps my skin up
it sinks in quickly
it's potent never causes my under eye makeup to crease or smudge
i now have a sudden burst of moisture
pores the size or god knows what
i accidentally left a big clump on my face overnight without rubbing it in it properly
it instantly puffs out the lines
tip:leave on for 2-3 mins to dry before applying makeup
it reduces puffy eyes
it absorbs very quickly
i even applied it to my eyelids
it actually plumps that area
it did not "ball-up/clump" like other eye creams have tried
i washed my face
the key is to refrigerate the bottle
seems to take a while to absorb the oily texture
has great moisture to it
doesn't burn or irritate my sensitive eyes
absorbs quickly into my skin
the oil seems to seal the moisture of the cream in for hours
clears pores and face in general
plumps skin under eyes
fills wrinkles for hours
powder love to sit in
it almost entirely eliminates the bags under my eyes
instantly refreshes your eyes
it goes on thicker delivering intensive moisture
however it dries completely matte without the residue or greasiness so many other creams leave
i accidentally received a chemical burn due to the exfolikate
usually oily with some dry patches
my skin was dry to the point it peels
doesn't leave a oily residue
rub on your fingers to warm up first
my main skin concerns are enlarged pores
dry skin on nose
this lotion makes it virtually disappear within minutes
it instantly smoothes over my pores
it instantly soothes the skin-- absolutely no stinging
absorbs very fast without oily shine
works better when you apply a thick layer
the faintest traces disappear
i love this cream...it absorbs so well!
it really soaks in, isn't greasy though.
using exfoliators or more drying products just irritates it like crazy
it instantly calms my sensitive
after sun if my skin feels dried up
i would recommend patting it onto the skin
it absorbs best when i use it immediately after gently pat-drying my face after cleansing
its not greasy once absorbed
fixes the dry patches
it also absorbs quickly.
it gets extremely dried out quickly
the moisture replenishing cream mostly
am prone to clogged pores
my pores can barely be seen.
it also helps my pores gradually tighten up.
i massaged it into my skin pulling up
i tried it again after i exfoliated my skin
quickly washed it off
this absorbs very quickly
i experienced no drying or peeling while using this product
soaks right into your skin and feels light !
texture of my skin as well as a reduction in the size of my pores
it smooths, tightens and reduces pores.
it totally transforms your skin.
my pores are smaller
keeps my breakouts at bay
this worked to diminish the creases
definitely do not need a full squirt/pump of the dispenser
plumps my under eye area
my eye lids feel like satin :)
my skin care drawer has overflowed with thous
it does not clog my easily clogged undereye pores like most eye creams do
this eye cream has my delicate under eye area moist
less wrinkly almost immediately
it absorbs very quickly
fully dissolves into skin.
this cream is almost shear
thin under eye skin
blends into eye area effortlessly
gets rid of the bags
absorbs into the skin quickly
leaves no oily residue
i end up with red puffy skin or worse burned skin that peels
have noticed this helps a ton with creasing
doesn't irritate my eyes
it soaks right in
it sinks into the skin
tip for users with dry skin: spray facial area with thermal water
effectively-minimizes aging by smoothing lines in moisturizing the kin-slightly brightens
because it absorbs quickly
absorbs quickly into the skin
make my eyes water
staves off wrinkles that will come
not thick or gooey
it keeps my eyes from looking like wrinkled linen
it keeps my eye lids soft and supple for days.
they burned my skin
absorbs quickly into the skin
used it all over my face after a chemical peel
moisturizes without being greasy or too heavy
it gets absorbed quickly
i would use my ring finger to pad the cream to help absorption
it's light, non-irritating and absorbs well.
absorbs nicely as well.
it's not grease on my skin.
rich giving the perfect amount of moisture
when i use mascara it doesn't make black smudges
it starts off as a nice thick paste
it turns into a mousse
has nice large particles to deeply scrub away dirt
i've used it on my legs too before shaving then rinse it off
i don't really get a "foamy" or "milky" effect though until i rinse it
make sort of a paste out of it
cut open the tube
cleans my skin perfectly.
i can feel it scrubbing away the dirt
it minimized pores while brightening the skin.
forehead that are a hassle
after i foam it up
it's effective- cleanses thoroughly without stripping skin of moisture
my pores look smaller
it makes skin smooth without making it red from scrubbing
this stuff really removes all that gunk
that drying is annoying
i usually do glycolic peels
it foams nicely and you only need a small amount.
cleans out my pores so that my skin feels like it can breathe again
it’s not sticky it dries fast i wait a minute before applying the radiance serum
i leave it on for 15 mins then rinse.
it helps with my dry skin spots al
before using their peel
watery with big granules
has almost no granules
i prefer the ones without too many granules.
squeaky clean results ever
it really gets into the pores on my nose
forehead to clean them out
i also like that it rinses away clean
cleanses your skin without being abrasive
then eliminates it completely
also my pores look a lot smaller.
my skin looks purged
the micro polish provides a perfect starting point for the other two -- some exfoliation without damaging sensitive skin
with the micro polish
without damaging or irritating my skin
the polish is surprisingly effective at sloughing off dead skin
i saw some skin flaked off
still has a bit of beads to help polish the skin
t does a nice job at getting all the dead skin exfoliated i massage into my skin in circular motions for 1 to 2 minutes
day's grime is just one facet
exfoliating eliminates all the dead skin
keeps my pores from getting so clogged up
my pores tend to clog easily
instead of wetting my skin
lather it all over my face
it left a thick layer on my skin
it slaughs off the dead skin cells that causes breakouts n dull skin:-
the particles are not too scratchy
it foams up into a luxurious lather
the micro polishers in this product do a great job with making your skin squeaky clean
creates a lovely lather to cleanse
the particles can feel a little abrasive at first
doesn't scratch up my skin in the process
it's a grainy scrub-like substance that comes out
it also foams a little bit
once you massage onto your wet skin it foams up
the occasional tiny bumps from clogged pores
the bottle lasts forever
it also blurs my large pores
or do micro derm which sloughs the dead skin
if one has layers of dead skin cells whether on the face or body
takes the dullness away
seems to be working wonders when combined with my urban decay naked liquid foundation
absorbs well and doesn't cause pilling.
i love how quickly it absorbs as it is water based
spilling a not cheap product everywhere
it’s not sticky it dries fast i wait a minute before applying the radiance serum
i leave it on for 15 mins then rinse.
my pores look smaller
how quickly it soaks into the skin
s absorbed very quickly by the skin
my pores were decreasing in size
i've tried all sorts of aha peels
melts right into your skin.
my pores also look smaller too.
i end up using exactly one pipette for my whole face
its like the icing on the cake!
my my oversized pores were gone
this keeps the oil at bay
no irritation of pore clogging.
it absorbs quickly allowing me to layer my moisturizer in a timely fashion
silicones are often used to make lines "disappear" while also clogging pores
without any flaking or stickiness
it is fast absorbing
once on the skin
this eye cream is thick
it's very thick but absorbed easily
it absorbs pretty quickly
smooth over skin under eye and on the brow bone.
it sinks in quickly and i love that it has spf.
i just end up brushing translucent powder over it
it clogged pores around the eye area
i love it because it absorbs quickly
can be caused my different types of lotion clogging your pores
i also used on my eye lids for dry skin
noticeably different in moisture
the cream does sting if it seeps into the eye
this is a very rich cream that somehow absorbs well
wrinkled due to the drying effect of being indoors with heat
the lack of moisture in the air
it will absorb quickly
this is a thick eye cream that absorbs into skin.
it eliminates dark circles
eases the appearance of wrinkles around the eyes
covers all my needs when it comes to eye creme
no greasy feel on my eyelids
no smudging or oiliness at all.
i find warming it up with my fingers helps it glide on nicely
i don't have dry flakey eyelids due to this
super nice eye cream absorbs quickly into the skin
it doesn't irritate my eyes and hydrates well.
helps fills in fine lines
i like the fact that this eye cream absorbs quickly
peeling skin under my eyes
this product plumps my under eye lines immediately after it is absorbed
fast absorbing cream has brought back the moisture i was lacking
revitalize your dry eyes
concealer puddles into small wrinkles
it literally glides on like whipped
it somehow manages to smooth skin without drying
removes make up wonderfully
plus my pours have minimized.
just gently rub it over your eyes
it cleanses without over drying your skin
half a pump cleans my entire face
i think i've found my holy grail of face washes.
it lathers well when applied to a wet face.
just putting a small dab
this prevents residue and dryness.
wet-the bathroom or shower
she has dryer skin and i have normal to oily.
s together before applying to damp face
from trying other products that clogged my pores
has cleared up my super oily skin.
it really cleans without stripping skin of natural oils
this gets the last piece of dust off without over-drying
i also use it with my sonic brush, works great.
i breathe through my nose
clean one's face without drying
it cleans your face as well as dissolves your make
my pores look significantly smaller
t's pores no more vacuum cleaner
i used on the eye lid
perfecting for the thin sensitive area
this cream soothed and regenerated my eyes.
my concealer doesn't seep in the few fine lines i have
reduced the crepe-like texture under my lashes
i used on the eye lid
especially my lower lids
a little dab reapplied over makeup refreshes my under eye area
it hydrates without making my eye makeup slide off
currently scraping the bottom of my jar
this plumps them up a bit
it only takes a small amount of this eye cream to soothe
it absorbs very well on my eye area
p's cold plasma for eyes
just melts into your skin
it smooths my lines around my eyes
it makes my face cream absorbed better.
the skin started to loose firmness
this soaks in so nicely
i swear it is soaking right into my wrinkles
hydrates like nothing else
it sinks in fast
even plain coconut oil just soaked right in
soaks into my sensitive
dry skin while also leaving it soft -- not oily or dewy
love how my skin absorbs this.
it quickly absorbs into your skin
it goes on super smooth and dries quickly.
it never dries out
anything else that disrupts the skin barrier
it is hydrating without clogging my pores
this product feels as if it seeps into my skin
smooth when applied on the skin
not sticky after application
i easily break out/get blotchy from products
made my bb cream hard to apply evenly
this absorbs very well.
has clogged my pores
fills in all the pores and fine lines.
very thick in the jar, but smooths on very well.
it absorbs very quickly
quickly absorbs into my skin
gives great moisture to dry skin
my skin reacts to anything
calming yet it absorbs relatively quickly
chest to remove spots due to sun damage
it easily absorbs into the skin
i also use a powdered sun screen
it is absorbed so perfectly
it doesn't leave residues
a warm cloth to remove is key
warm or dark skin types.
a jar lasts a long time
pore-minimized even after a drying soap bar
the towel gets dirty fast
instead it cleanses your skin
it reduces pores as well are removing any vistigal nmmake-up traces
you must wash it off with a wash cloth
then wet it to make it milky
it cleansed my skin thoroughly without drying it.
this helped clear all those dry flakes
i simply wiped it off with a damp linen washcloth
you have to wipe it off with a damp cloth.
allowing the heat to soak in
then remove with a warm
this product does not clog my pores or break me out
it deep cleanses the most difficult makeup with gentle ease
yet it removes even the most stubborn waterproof mascara
after i cleaned with water
i finished drying my face with my towel cloth
this is the only cleanser that removes the mist difficult impurities from my pores
remove with warm cloth
massage it gently into my skin
then i take a very warm damp cloth
/or toner to remove any additional residue
rub in circular motions
then i get a soft cloth wet with warm water
my skim was nice
i used a damp towel to remove the product
then i followed with a good rinse
without leaving a layer of product on the skin
i also think it may pull "impurities" to the surface
removing with a thin wash cloth
wiped off with a warm flannel
i massaged it into my dry face with dry hands.
i like using it when my skin feel a bit congested as decongest your pores
massage in then wipe with a damp towel
remove with a warm cloth
i could feel it in my pores
it actually nourishes while it cleans
removed with a warm face sponge
cleanses without stripping your skin
wiped it off with a damp paper towel
it really cleans out my pores beautifully
use a cloth to remove it
i massaged it into my skin for about 30 to 60 seconds using circular motions
i removed it with a warm
not greasy or stripped.
i rub the balm onto dry skin
then use a muslin clothe
warm water to rinse it off
the trick with this product is using the a washcloth or the mitt
smooths on like an oil
then you wipe/rinse it off with a mitt or wash cloth
it made my skin feel so silky even after rinsing.
i guess it's called thermal cleansing balm because you rub the product between your fingers
i start off by wetting a wash cloth with hot water
then remove with the warm wash cloth again by using circular motions
then remove with a warm cloth or towel
exfoliated because it has the tiniest
it clearly states to use a washcloth or mitt
you have to wipe it off with a damp towel.
it cleanses super gently
i used a warm muslin cloth to wipe it off.
morning washes--it really stretches--
i used a wash cloth to gently wipe it off
perfect for cold weather adds moisture to skin.
used a wet cloth to clean it off my face
it's best removed with a warm wet washcloth.
my pores look smaller.
stickiness or dry-feeling afterwards
has smoothed my face of dry patches
i've always had a problem with clogged pores
when i dried my face after one wash
i started with the genius peel
it cleans thoroughly without drying out the skin.
sensitive combination oily/dry skin
no more dry flaky cheeks
- did somewhat minimize pores
not foamy, more milky.
yellowish color around my mouth gone
it cleanses without stripping
it dried out my skin.
now i double wash
break through the layers of stuff i slather on twice a day
this definitely takes off the layers
it leaves no trace of makeup or residue after washing
gets the day's gook off.
cleans without drying out my skin.
cleans well without drying skin
washes make up off nicely
take a very small amount on dry skin massaging it in
dirt on your skin before you dilute it with water
it cleans my skin very well
especially using a rotating brush
my pores appear smaller
cleans the face well
very gentle but cleans deeply without drying.
this product cleans my face without drying it out or leaving a film
nice gentle face wash
as the weather warms up
perspiration mixes with my sensitive skin this cleanser cleans without stripping the skin of moisture
it cleanses while leaving your skin soft
plus all the dark pores on my nose
just spread out evenly
this is a wonderful creamy cleanser that really gets your skin clean without taking the natural moisture away
it takes several more splashes of water than usual to remove
my pores look smaller already
tugs the delicate skin around the eyes
that's easily remedied by a light moisturizer
i like the light foamy texture it gets when you lather it up
i love this, it lathers up and cleans your pores.
bacteria was building up
it sinks right into the skin
the scent quickly dissipates
doesn't expose it to air
my pores have gotten smaller
never leaves my skin sticky,or greasy.
it completely hydrates your face with zero oily residue
it absorbs quickly, my skin drinks it up.
definitely smooths the skin
the pump bottle protects the liquid from exposure to air
it sinks in immediately
the packaging keeps it from getting contaminated
you sometimes take it for grated
the deep creases in my forehead
i also use oil blotters consistently throughout the day to rid the grease from my pores
it sinks in immediately
my pores were smaller
it absorbs quickly and leaves behind no residue.
properly moisturized without any hint of a greasy
it helps add moisture.
found it too oily/greasy
glides on my dry skin
my pores have shrunk
this nips it in the bud.
it instantly absorbs without a heavy or greasy feeling
absorbs some just like a sleeping mask should
the cream itself is very thick
he washes his face
my pores are smaller
it absorbs very quickly
just a very thin layer
my skin absorbs more moisture
you only need to apply a thin coat of it
it adds just the right amount of moisture
this cream absorbs very quickly
not clog my pores
clogged pores or god forbid
the product itself is a thicker cream
is quickly absorbed into the skin
a must try clay mask
it melts right into my skin
it doesn't clog my pores.
my pores appeared smaller
disappears instead of turning into a unsightly monster
it doesn't clog more pores which means no breakouts
it absorbs quickly and i have oily skin.
repairing overnight cream with this line's firm
my scaring fades and smooths skin over night.
luxurious feeling cream that sinks easily into your skin
it saves your skin
i love how quickly my skin absorbs it
created an instantly noticeable moisture barrier on my skin
used the entire jar
it pairs nicely with the overnight restorative cream
it feeds your skin.
it blends into my skin so well.
moisture is so much improved
after washing with a complexion brush
cooling after you wash your face
it had severely dried my skin
my skin keep on flaking chunk of dry skin off like a snake
it means that the mask is pulling out all the gunk
jart sleeping moisture mask i'd been using
this mask absorbs quickly and is not sticky.
dries nicely- doesn't feel like you have glue on your face
s-down the best moisture mask i have used
resulting in some dry patches
you simply apply a thin layer of it in the evening after freshly cleansing your face
literally melts into your skin
because a little bit of the liquid-gel goes a longgg way
pores are nearly invisible
i love how it absorbs quickly into the skin with a little swirl motion
my skin recovered moisture
it definitely absorbs within 5 minutes.
by the time it dries
it takes only 5-10 mins to dry
it's super light and absorbs quickly.
of coarse reading the directions help.
it locks in moisture
however the night face mask moistures
the best moisture ever
my skin absorbs it quickly
the masque is light enough to not clog my pores
just a dry-skin patch on my cheek
im left with oily skin with dry patches
no oily residue is what this tube is
rather hydrate it making pores a bit smaller
not just the surface
which is usually discolored red
the mask smoothes on effortlessly
a fresh, clean scent and absorbs quickly.
packaging because i don't like that the flat bottom is where the lotion squeezes out
a simple wet face cloth in the am reveals the magic
have oily/combination skin
it absorbs into the skin very well
it doesn't create a sticky layer over night.
this helps by loosening the dead skin cells at the surface
dry cheeks especially in the winter
put a thin layer on before bed
sneeze for this night cream
putting on comfy pj's or sweats
diminish the size of my pores
nonexistent after it dries
aka doesn't leave an oily residue.
my skin dries out in the winter to the point of chapping
it really soaks into your skin and moisturizes.
also helps products absorb better onto my skin
it absorbs into your skin
it really plumps the skin with moisture.
my skin wakes up soft
it absorbs really well within about 15 minutes
it doesn't absorb into the skin well
pores smaller, texture improved.
it just soaks straight into my skin
sparingly on my nose
plus keeps flakes at bay
my skin doesnt turn greasy.
my skin went from dry flaking
takes off the grime of the day.
it soaks into skin very nicely
you can surely use a thicker creme
prevents from drying up
it turns your skin cycle around
it's a fresh way to soak in moisture after washing your face
it's oily on the inside
it provides just enough moisture without causing breakouts
for those that are experiencing clogged pores with usage
it goes on thick
the skin absorbs it immediately
this cream is thick
the graininess does melt away, though.
the serum must have properly absorbed into my skin
because the greasiness had disappeared
seems to lock moisture into your skin
this provides the perfect amount of moisture without irritation or breakouts
no stickiness or shine
under liquid foundation or tinted mosturizer
areas with large pores
dry scaly patches on my chin
my pores no longer look ginormous
it sinks into your skin
i naturally have oily skin
it will not cause the adhesive to wear down on your extensions
bring on the cotton balls
some of the product goes to waste as it spills easily when pouring it onto a cotton pad
i hate other makeup removers for the oily residue left behind
no oily residue and very effective.
took a little more elbow grease to get the water proof mascara off
for my eyes i use half of cotton disk
some of the cleansing water gets wasted
this cleansing water really removes dirt
it removes waterproof make up so easily.
i only need 2-3 pumps of the cleansing water to get the cotton round soaked
it always drips onto my lips
this leaves no residue
daily without trouble of rinsing with water
it will usually require 4 cotton pads
just use a cotton ball
removes mascara perfectly without hurting my eyes
i can soak the cotton pad
leave it on my eye for a few seconds to dissolve my mascara before start wiping/rubbing
it dissolves my makeup like a champ
not leaving a soapy residue on my face
it adequately removes dirt
oil without stripping my skin
this has replaced my wipes.
it gently removed my foundation
5oz pump makes it so easy to apply to cotton pads
it wastes a lot of cotton pads
however, in a pinch it definitely cleanses.
absorbs well, not greasy.
i feel like product gets wasted in tubes.
you only need a dab per eye
sinks into skin fairly quickly
laid off using eye creams for a while
it depuffs my under eyes as well hydrates my skin
be sure to massage it in using your ring finger
absorbed quickly with no greasy residue or feel
it was soft, light, and absorbed quickly.
absorbs so so quickly
it leaves no residue or film on the face.
oily on my nose
it leaves my dry patches moist
flake free while keeping my oily patches from over-oiling
my pores are roughly the same visibility
this will also prevent your makeup from creasing or caking
this product rubs in easily
is absorbed absolutely in the skin
not so thick that it feels caked on
isnt gunky like others i have tried
it leaves a slight glimmer until it fully soaks into your skin
absorbs in your skin quickly
after a long night, this instantly de-puffs.
lays perfect once soaked in under concealer
it does contain micro luminescent particles
less puffy after using this cream
it absorbs super quick
it reduces my dark circles.
easy to absorb dark circle reducing eye cream
i've tried so many face washes
to keep my skin from drying out
just a small little dab of this wonder cleanser turns into a frothy mess on my face
this is my second face wash tube
is not foamy at all
om dry patches it heals those up within a couple of days
pores are cleaned out and minimized.
there is no filmy/grimy residue left on the skin
best of all it minimizes my large pores
helps balance out my combination skin without over drying
it froths up so much with just a tiny amount.
skin is matte without tightness afterwards
cleans my normal skin without over drying
while my cheeks flake
it foams up nicely
doesn't dry out my cheeks
usually frothy face washes dry out my skin
froths up an insane amount
your face is literally squeaky clean when you rinse it off
it keeps my oily skin in check
then i need to blot
my forehead feels 1/4 of the amount of oily that it used to
i love how frothy and foamy this face wash is.
smooth when you get it foamed up
the lather it produces is really rich
cleans all oil very well
it lathers so well
it will foam up
cleans my skin at same time
it definitely cleans my skin well without being drying
you only need a dab
dry between my brows
it cleans really well
has done an amazing job of cleaning out my pores
sometimes leaves dry patches if i forget to moisturize
invigorating and washes off quick and clean
balances my oily areas
after using leaves my skin dry and tight.
it feels like your skin is touching a hot stove.
after the product drier i on my acne spots i lightly patted on kopari coconut oil another favorite of mine
the gel reduces the size of the pimple
it defiantly dries up my blemishes quickly
pimples that i've extracted/popped
it disappears over night
much smaller than a nail polish
having dry skin until it peels off
it seriously clears out the pore
dries them out completely.
it is slightly drying
dries up a pimple in a day.
really flattens them out same day applied
the bottle is tiny
the dead skin is peeled off
i then apply one more thin layer in the morning
it dries out my spots without flaking or overdrying the area around it
the bottle is tiny
also soothes the spot if it's red or inflamed
it's also better if applied in a thin layer.
the origins spot remover was great at drying out my sporadic blemishes without drying out my skin
it feels like it's just sucking out all the impurities
when i apply moisturizer i let my fingers swipe a thin layer over top
in summation this product "dries" out my zit without drying my face
this cleaned out all of my blackheads after 3 overnight uses
will slowly shrink your break outs/pimples
is my favourite way to slowly shrink
it clears up the spot and dries it out.
pores were less visible
it sinks into my skin
it will soften your skin
: plentiful moisturizing that won't clog my acne-prone pores or slick my naturally oily skin
it moisturizes very well without suffocating my skin
dry on my cheeks
radiation which causes your skin to get very dry
let it sink in while you brush your teeth
it instantly relaxes you from the smell alone
the skin absorbs it right in
no clogging of pores or breakouts.
it's nice and lightweight and absorbs quickly.
provides enough moisture in winter
almost waxy on my skin
most of the other moisturizers clog my pores
feels light, stays dewy and doesn't clog pores.
wake up with oily skin
just dab on your forehead
i love that i'm not putting heavy toxins into my body through my pores
my 55 year old face absorbs it very quickly
then seem to water uncontrollably
while the skin underneath the coating remained dry
so the white tea skin guardian does seem to seal my skin with a protective barrier against outside harms while working to transform my skin from the inside
it absorbs well into the skin quickly
it helped with keeping the dirt out of my pores i've noticed
particles from getting into my pores
with the clinique moisture surge
it's like a cushion for your skin!
penetrates deeper into your skin than a moisturizer
it feels like its sealing
my sun damaged big pore skin is ready for a regular day
hides lots of little creases
this helps prevent wind burn.
it evens out my skin
as it heats up on your skin
it helps soothe it
it absorbs quickly and isn't greasy.
has really helped with where my skin usually peels/gets dry
this cream has literally transformed my elasticity
i usually apply this after i've exfoliated
sinks deeply into my skin
it's staved off dry patches without a morning moisturizer in winter
absorb into your skin
my skin was soft, and moistened and just glowing.
it soaks into my skin like
it instantly plumps my skin
it soaks up into the skin fast
your face absorbs most of the product during the night
i love how quickly it absorbs into my skin.
foundation layers so nicely on top.
surge of moisture keeps my dry patches at bay.
it absorbs well into the face in the morning
it easily absorbs into the skin
my skin is getting dryer especially on my forehead
my skin absorbs it quickly
leaves no sticky or greasy residue
i found this absorbs quickly
it does leave a thin layer of oily texture in the morning
does not clog my pores
it absorbs so well into the skin
just a dab each on my forehead
gently cleanses while not overly stripping or drying out my skin
it keeps the moisture in my skin
soothing without over drying.
it doesn't foam up like the checks
it comes out like a gel
foams when u start working it into a lather
it cleans very well
smooths without the gritty feeling of some other face washes
i've tried a lot of face washes
it will burn your eyes
after having a fiasco with the egg cleansing mousse
product doesn't leave a tacky film after being rinsed away
thoroughly cleans make-up
sensitive skin flare up
if the cleanser accidentally gets in my nose or in my eyes
stings even after i rinse
it's creamy, foams nicely, and cleans deep.
it also seems to refine pores.
gently cleanses my skin
impuries that my skin collects during the day
is also very drying
cleanses well without stripping the skin.
notice less clogged pores
a thin film residue is left behind
then the clairsonic brushes away the impurities
s splash water on my face says
feel like this cleans well without drying my skin
keeps my combination skin at bay
i love that it become foamy on the skin
add a drop of warm water
it turns into an amazing lather
balances frothy face wash
it's gentle without over drying my face.
quickly work into a lather
i rinse it away with warm water
pat dry with a clean towel
refreshed without over drying
i place a dab on my clarasonic
this product not only soothes
foamy when i add water to my face
i love that this dissolves stubborn eye makeup
i love that this rinses nice
impurities in my skin
when you swish it in your fingers
it is not to foamy
the pores on my nose area seem well-cleansed.
it lathers up with just a pea size amount
leaves skin moist, not oily.
my skin dries out very easily
my pore are clear
dry minutes after washing my face
it foams up nicely
this face wash foams up nicely
then dries pretty quickly
most clay masks hurt my skin
my face feels regenerated
tight made my pores look clean i would recommend
because it hardens once it dries!
it makes my pores look smaller
softening blackheads so they can easily be washed away
i like to use a warm towel
it seems to really open pores
smooth without any trace of oiliness
oily skin or troublesome t zone slickness
my skin really felt like it had the outer layer of oil removed without stripping my skin of all moisture
also helps clean out your pores
i apply it on a cleansed face
it's not a peel off mask
i put a dab on a pimple before bed
the granules were too irritating for me
this mask works magic on my pores.
the charcoal draws everything out
in using the mask
it does a great job of cleaning pores
more than mud masks or other charcoal products do
skin looks pure upon rinse.
love the way it feels when i rinse it off-- the clay glides smoothly off my skin
does seem to clear pores a bit.
as for minimizing pores
it does clear out my dirty pores
i don't even think this shrinks the pores.
after i rinse it off my skin is so soft
after washing the mask off
then i use a warm rag to wipe it away
without irritating or drying out my skin
this is hands down my favorite charcoal mask.
the mask sucks to your pores
it's super easy to wash off after it dries
i slathered the product on my whole face
one of the best masks to diminish pores
i usually like to use glamglow for my pores
you can quite literally feel the mask cleaning your pores
this is a clay mask, not a peel off mask.
this means it draws sebum/dead skin to the surface of your skin
draws too much moisture out of your skin
clearing mask that's gentle to my blemished
it's definitely not as drying as a clay or mud mask
then wash it off with a washcloth
after washing it off
the skin on your face becomes as smooth as a babies bottom
pores look somewhat smaller
definitely helps clear out your pores
bacteria to the surface of my skin
plus whatever was stuck in my pores
it really does clean and minimize my pores.
keep dirt out of my pores which resulted in my pore actually going down in size
it helps dries it
after over 2 months of caking make up on my face to try to hide the pimples
i got a blackhead on my upper lip
this stuff seems like a blackhead magnet
with a bit of a squeeze my blackhead was out
getting into the pores
when i rinse the mask off
the filaments have been drawn out
i often use the neogen bio peel pads after rinsing the mask off
it lasts until the mask has completely dried
this mask definitely pulls all the gunk out of my pores
my pores seem a lot smaller
my pores are sooo much smaller and cleared!!
bought this because i have huge pores
this mask naturally draws everything to the surface
it draws out blackheads and clears skin.
after i wash it off i can see all of the gunk in my pores raised to the surface
'll use a pore strip or an extractor to clear it all out
it definitely minimize pores!
it really deep cleans your skin
my pores were clean
this mask is good for tightening pores
the large hole disappears.
the mask works good on oily skin
leaves skin with apperantly smaller pores
this product really cleans out pores.
this mask effectively cleared most of my pores.
then remove it with a washcloth soaked in warm water
it makes my bags disappear
it absorbs easily into my skin
absorbs well and leaves skin super soft.
i get so dry under my eyes and look crinkly.
really locks in moisture
irritated dry patches on the inner lids of both eyes
still provide moisture to my under eyes
some ultra moisture products
it doesnt granulate with wear of the day
i really like that it absorbs quickly
absorbs quickly without irritating my eyes
i dab a little bit of the cream on the dry area
noticed peeling on my eye lids
hydrates my eye area without any irrittation!
helps reducing puffines greatly by keeping the skin moist
it absorbs fast too.
i put this eye cream on under my bobbi brown corrector
t does absorb quickly
instantly cools and feels better.
it smooths everything out
the gel-like formula keeps it from feeling to heavy
it absorbs super quickly
it immediately alleviates the burning
i've finished two jars of clinque eye cream
softens that delicate area
but the burning disappears later.
i do like that it absorbs quickly
layer it under an anti wrinkle eye cream
it hydrates the skin underneath the eyes
the little tub lasts that long
thin under eye skin
it does not crease underneath make up
it quickly de-puffs
on my eyelids due to certain eyeshadows
it hydrates all around my eyes without being greasy
peeling eyelids from taking off my makeup all the time
plus it absorbs quickly
it is a bit drying
plus it clears my pores in the nose area.
my pores are smaller
really clean my pores deeply.
it foams up really well
it pulls out the bacteria
brings it to the surface
then it dries out any blemishes
below the surface blemishes
pat with powder all day
shrinks pores like no other face wash has done before
evens out skin from oil.
it removes the oil
it removes all dirt
oils without stripping my skin
removes all oil and sebum from the skin.
while not over drying my skin
doesn't strip away the oils
it works very well to unclog pores
leaves no oils on your face
it is a bit drying
origins mint goes great with getting oily residue n makeup off
t fights the bacteria away as well as prevents the oiliness for hours
not stripped/over dried
light foams well with clarasonic brush
skin feels oil free and soft after washing.
it cleans well and doesn't over-dry my skin.
my skin didn't look pink or flushed after using it
doesn't over dry skin
it reall deep cleans
origins zero oil deep pore cleanser does the trick
oily skin at night
this product helps clear out my pores
i've gone through 2-3 tubes of this
it suds up very easily
burns if it runs into your eyes
usually with the clinique face wash for oily skin
i wake up oily
pores i wanted to shrink
suggest using the zero oil moisture
my face was overproducing oil to compensate
it lathers well with a bit of water
my pores almost look nonexistant
does really suck the gunk out.
large poors on my cheeks
i've tried everything to decrease my pores
i notice smaller pores
pores still looking smaller
when i combine both face washes
i love that this face wash foams up
my pores looked smaller
when you massage it with your wet fingers it turns into thick foam
what's oily is not oily
the oiliness is less
really calms down breakouts
great for sucking up oil
washed 2-3 x's a day with a 3 step method
then i simply rinse with cool water
this facial just keeps getting more liquid
i used this on my cheeks
the charcoal one on my nose
applied it after a shower
once it is removed it leaves your skin smooth
it adds so much moisture
i typically have oily skin
it is a lightweight mask that goes on milky at first
then absorbs into your skin
jaw area after cleansing my face
i remove it by splashing water on my face
gently swiping/patting it dry
however, it can clog your pores.
i love how it melts into the skin
i love to apply a really thick layer on my face
it can leave a bit of a sheen as it absorbs
your skin turns into a dry
even with a thick layer on my face
then wiped it off with a tissue
after using the origins charcoal mask
i find that blotting it off with a tissue as the tube recommends as an option is better than rinsing off
or put on a light layer overnight
rinse off 10 minutes later as directed
i really like slathering it on
or after a clay mask so my skin is clean
i've used more than 5 tubes of the mask
it is gentle and light; easy to absorb.
i like to use it as a thin mask overnight.
absorbs quickly into skin
you can wipe it with a tissue
this mask is much better than the new boscia overnight moisture mask
after you rinse it off
it really helps replenish the lost moisture
found it in this tube
very dry arctic climate
works well for oily skin.
it absorbs fairly quickly into my skin
i rinsed it off
used it as a mask
it's not like a pure algae mask
after tissue it off
so the moisture doesn't vaporize in a short time.
the chlorine dries out my t-zone
oily skin in the summer
immediately after washing it off my skin looked supple
so does the lips.
my skin is very dry & flakes.
during the winter months my face becomes so dry that it peels
she layered it on
look out for clogged pores
what your skin needs sinks in
you really just need a thin layer
after 10 mins most mask will be absorbed!
i apply as thin a layer as i can
my skin absorbs it right away
my skin breaks out easily.
would control my oily skin
make up forever mattifying primer
used this along with zero oil deep pore cleanser
absorbs very quickly without leaving any greasy or sticky residue
the tube is small
absorbs quickly leaving my face soft
keeps my skin from becoming oily
flaky skin around the creases of my nose
balances face wash also
thus causing my skin to over-produce oil
absorbs well with a non-greasy finish
the salicylic keeps congestion out of my pores
non greasy, absorbs fast.
this actually stops breakouts from starting by zapping the oil from your skin
moisture lotions that doesn't make my eyes puff up
i typically find i need to use a blotting cloth mid day
it dries pretty quick
my face drys out
it absorbs into the skin so quickly
i've even noticed my pores shrinking
works well on my oily face after using the frothy face wash
it soaks into his skin quickly without any greasy feeling
his pores are smaller
i think my pores are smaller
my skin produces plenty of oil
balances frothy face wash + a perfect world = mind-blowing
it cools your skin upon application because there's mint in it
this moisturizer sinks into my skin extremely fast
the smell does dissipate soon after initial application
my pores seem smaller
it keeps my skin from becoming an oil slick.
this does hydrate, reduces shine and refines.
you only need the smallest amount to emulsify all over your skin
it spreads really easily
cooling on the skin
a cooling effect on the skin
it pulled blackheads to the surface of my nose
brought it up right to the surface to extract
once a week keeps my skin fresh
seal it in a ziplock baggie --> store in the fridge
this mask visibly shrinks them
in the past i've used the origins charcoal mask
just use a spraying mist to help it stay moist for ten minutes
as well as large pores
it didn't take much oil from my pores
this mask does dry your skin
sensitive skin that reacts to a ton of stuff
this mask helps soothe everything.
if my pores are a little clogged
love how the mask clears my pores
it almost reminds me of volcanic clay
put it in a ziplock baggie
easy to apply, remove it with damp wash cloth.
origins is slowly saving my skin!
without actually drying my skin
large clogged pores to name a few
my large pores on my nose
obsessed with this clay mask!!
finish with salicylic acid pads
the only con is that it dries my skin out
therefore calms me down
it immediately calms my skin down
even adds a little moisture
this mask calms it all down
without drying out my face
it shrank this pesky volcano pimple of mine
it calms everything down
it tingles when applied
reduced the size of my pores
i also use the origins charcoal mask a couple times a week to help keep my pores clear
spackle some of this stuff on
then use a bath glove to scrub it off
balances face wash to clean any remnants
more effective on breakouts than charcoal mask.
the blemishes instantly shrink
it shrinks giant acne
provides the moisture i need without causing breakouts
my skin is typically oily
my pores appear smaller
just have to twist the top clockwise instead of counter-clockwise
that it soothes his face
spills out too much product
my pores are shrinking
it cools me down after my shower
helps minimize my pores
it looks like a traditional jar
doesn't leave your skin oily or filmy
the gel texture absorbs quickly
on top of that i have large pores
absorbed into my skin without a weird residue on top like kiehl's
a light scent that disappears fairly quickly
the gel feels cooling and absorbs quickly.
sometimes the gel shoots up like a geyser
manages to not be too overpowering on oily skin
my skin isn't drenched in oil from drying out overnight
pore-minimizing qualiities of this product
doesn't leave any sticky residue
it comes in a pump jar
it dries while my curling iron is heating up
the product absorbed into my skin
absorbs into skin quickly and is lightweight.
which helps disperse it
has definetly minimized my pores
light scent that fades as quickly as it dries.
it just blends well into the skin
can even clog pores
it's very light feeling, and absorbs quickly.
it puts impurities out of your skin.
love the way it sinks into my skin
it absorbs very quickly
it really calms down irritated skin
his pores are minimized
reduces my pore size as promised
this is perfect for oily skin and large pores.
it absorbs very quickly
it absorbs super quickly
it does minimize the look of my pores
after putting the gel
the dispenser keeps out bacteria which is great
this stuff soaks up all the oil out of my skin
larger pores in that area too
i can't even see the pores on my cheeks anymore
the cooling sensation seems unnecessary
second it has charcoal in it which draws out dirt pimples
my pores are noticeably smaller
melts into your skin
the container has a spring activated dispenser
it's light-weight and fast absorbing.
i don't recommend accidentally getting it on your eyelids
dries his face out
not salicylic acid because it causes white spots
i like that it absorbs into the skin fast
so don't glob this onto your face
then swipe your fingers over the top to get all the gel
is slowly minimizing them
it's like i put a facetune filter under my under eyes
it doesn't have a silicone texture because well
it keeps you skin around your eyes moist
i sometimes use this when applying cream eye shadows as it helps with application/blending
it's goes on easily and absorbs very quickly.
now is smoothing out
it has a calming affect on my lids
it absorbs well and goes on smoothly.
is quickly absorbed by the skin
this is my second tub
it goes on very smoothly and absorbs quickly.
i've even used it on my lids
on the eye lids
peeling skin around my eyes
i like that its a lighweight formula that absorbs quickly
usually matte during the day
not too thick or too runny
will not migrate into your eyes.
the cream does not migrate into your eyes
my pores are smaller
does not dry or sting and helps close pores.
i've tried every peel pad out there
the pads are nice and moist without being drippy.
the pad is small
in a broken capillaries way
the oil on my face has seriously decreased without having to use finishing powder or blotting paper
these peel pads are fabulous!
jack black clay face wash
i've tried severely different kind of chemical peels
this product stimulates the process for skin to push blemishes out
this serum instantly smoothes
smoother skin with cell turn around.
noticeably smaller pores around my nose
this absorbs within seconds
i've noticed smaller pores on my forehead
hasn't worked as much on the sebaceous pores on
let it sink in then put a layer of moisture extend clinique lotion on top
t does not feel greasy or clog my pores
pores are less clogged
i only used pore ones before
correct everything from pore size
my pores are less noticeable
my pores are smaller
noticeably smaller pores around my nose
use the non-intense moisture surge in warmer months
this is the only moisturizer that prevents my skin from turning into cardboard from all the heated dry air
it does absorb eventually
absorbs quickly and keeps my skin smooth all day.
it layers really well -- no pilling
it simply moisturizes the skin without causing sensitivity
actually helps it heal faster
it leaves a very sticky residue
the air is bone dry
by the morning the gel like consistency has soaked in
plumps skin when applied
absorbs as a gel like my face eats it all up.
i love the gel like texture, it soaks right in.
it dissipates pretty quickly
soaks into the skin well
i love the gel cream texture that gives my skin enough moisture without clogging my pores
quench that super-dry skin
absorbs deep down into my skin
very dry outer frame of the face
while adding the intense moisture i need for the dryness
powder to go on smoothly
adds so much moisture
sinks in surprisingly fast for such a thick formula
covers up my dry spots
this product goes instantly into the skin
the moisture penetrates within a few minutes
my pours look smaller
within 2-3 minutes absorbs into the skin
not to mention exposure to bacteria with your fingers
it's great because it didn't clog my pores or cause any breakouts
it quenched my dry skin which is red
applying less cuts back on the tackiness.
also tends to get clogged up
just the almond sized amount absorbs in quickly
it got rid of my peeling skin
then i discovered moisture surge intense!!
it's like whipped moisture
this saved my dry skin.
moisture surge intense is my favorite
dry patches around my mouth as well as peeling skin on my nose
this really provides deep moisture for my dry winter skin
within 5 minutes it soaks into my skin leaving it silky soft
even with my dry skin i only apply a few dabs before rubbing it in
love the moisture in this.
it isn't at all greasy, soaks right in.
my normal "gentle" lotion suddenly stung to use
hydrates my dry skin perfectly with no break outs
i decanted into a small container for the flight.
my husband prefers the regular moisture surge.
then apply a hot wash cloth to help open my pores
then apply generously on the dry patches
thin on the oily areas
unfortunately he did give me clog pores in the cheek area
it doesn't clog my pores
it sinks in beautifully
doesn't clog my pores which is my huge issue with so many intense moisturizers
its cream-gel consistency gets absorbed into my skin right away
there is literally zero flaking now
tried the regular moisture surge
takes some time to soak in
especially since i layer it on top of argan oil
it lays on sort of thick at night
a face cream that actually keeps my dry skin moist for a long time
it smoothes out my skin
it removed slight creases in my forehead
it absorbs instantly leaving my skin comfortable
lost its radiance due to cold winter temperatures
the water step is important because hyaluronic acid/sodium hyaluronate can pull the moisture out of your skin if the air is very dry
then i follow up with tarte maracuja oil to seal in the moisture
my skin is combination toward oily side
this stuff dries immediately
it's perfect for moisture
clears up my skin
prevents my skin from breaking out
it is lightweight and it absorbs quickly.
deeply hydrates skin and firms it all at once.
still have oily patches combined with dry areas
i noticed my pores looked smaller
i applied a small amount to my decolletage
left the skin on my face oily
satiny on my neck
it tightens the skin
it keeps the eyelids soft
sinks into skin quickly, i put eye cream over it.
i do like that this serum absorbs into my skin versus feeling sticky
i only use one pump for both eyelids
it makes my lids instantly smooth
my eye lids changed
this serum dries fast and is not oily.
by the end of the night my eyeshadow has melted off
a smoothing of the texture of my upper eyelids
the product helps to lift the eye lids
opens up your eyes
smoothing the little creases
doesn't irritate the eyes
it seeps down a bit into your eyes
this is a great serum, light and absorbs quickly.
don't let it drip down
then layer a bit of eye cream after
u also only need the tiniest squirt to work!
it smooths out the eyelid
it lifts your eyelids.
the lid serum really does help with the crepiness of the eye lids
pull it up to my brow bone
i apply at night to eyelid/under brow
i tightens the upper lid
really does lift your eye lid
i've used other eye products for upper lid firmness
it absorbs immediately with no shiny film
one tiny miniscule drop smoothes my wrinkles away
then it lifts my lids.
it smooths my baggy eyelids
over this at bedtime as it dries matte
of course i still use a hydrator after it absorbs
where's the version for jowls?
careful of very breakable bottle
the product absorbs very easily
it lifts your eyelids
applying with my fingers on the lid
incredibly lightweight gel that tightens
it feels good on, and dries quickly and smoothly.
it dries almost instantly
melts right into skin
after applying it on the eye lid i felt a firming sensation without any irritation
give me a vat of this stuff.
it tightens my saggy lids
tighten the excess skin on my eyelid
love the way it glides on and instantly firms.
i recommend putting the cold plasma eye on top for extra moisture
it soaks into my skin quickly
it glides so easily onto the skin
flaking skin that's just sitting on the surface in order for any product to penetrate your skin
to help remove the dead skin
dehydrated skin can react by breaking out if your product is sitting on top of dead skin that won't allow your products to penetrate to the dermis
it absorbs fabulously onto my entire face
it absorbs very well
have been using this as daytime moisture under makeup for oily / combination sensitive skin
causing more of my pores to clog
1-2 pumps for whole face
my skin is sensitive to acids
my pores less noticeable
it sinks in instantly
flaking during the winter
it does not contain silicone
not quench oil free!
very lightweight and fast absorbing.
quench hydrates my face
gives it almost a dewy glow without any excess product sticking around
still moisturizes without being greasy or shiny
quenching all dryness without feeling greasy at all
it absorbed into my normally fussy skin
absorbs right into your skin
this product does not clog my pores.
my skin was literally peeling off.
then their charcoal peel off mask
its a lovely thick gel that heats up when you massage it into your skin
last i spray my face with the green mario badescu spray for a shield from pillow contact while sleeping
recommended for oily skin.
my pores are smaller
warms up on the face
feel like there must be some microscopic ducks that need rescuing from the oil spill in my pores
using this with either boscia's pore buffing brush or their konjac sponge give me a nice deep cleaning
i rotate this with their jelly ball cleanser
the amount of lather it produces is good for spreading it around
cleans my face well without irritating or overdrying my skin
i followed up with the boscia charcoal mask
my pores size has reduced
my pores are visibly smaller
or on a charcoal sponge
i love how it warms in my fingers
it goes into my pores gently
it does sweep away the excess oil
this has minimized my pores
it warms up slightly as you use it
i washed my face
soft without drying it out
makes pores look smaller.
short-term warming sensation when lathering
my pores are huge, dark and oily!
thoroughly purified with the effects of pore lightening
it actually unclogged my pores
a reduction in the size of my pores
a face wash that cleans my face without drying it out or causing breakouts
the charcoal in this product immediately absorbs the toxins
dirt from my skin
this helps control the oil along with cleaning gently
it is not foamy
the sponge was interesting
after the first use i felt my pores smaller
it cleans my skin without leaving it dry
has minimized the appearance of my pores
i love how it warms up
really cleans out your pores
i love how it heats up
the cleanser warms when you rub it in
start lathering it warms my face
it keeps my breakouts at bay
it lathers nicely for me
after using it leaves you with a matte
it rinses away easily
it cleanses without drying
a lot of cleansers can be too harsh or clog my pores
drying out my face
that it doesn't froth or foam
it washes off clean and doesn't dry my skin out.
clears up my breakouts
congested pores without drying me out
it does dry skin out after multiple uses
it works to clean pores
love this cleanser-because it warms
it helps to minimize pores.
t opens up your pores to receive everything this cleanser has to offer
banishes breakouts and oily skin!
i love the way it warms up!
it cleans your face great without drying.
it cleanses your face
it gets deep in your pores
it melts away makeup
my pores are definitely smaller
dried out my skin
this truly heals the skin from inside out.
other products seem to push it deeper into the pores
one quick spritz into one palm
with only two drops this lightweight oil absorbed quickly into my skin leaving it smooth
creases around my nose
the cream is thick
it keeps the size of my pores under control
my pores look smaller.
both products absorb quickly into the skin
lifting cream absorbed faster
the jar lasts a long time
gross looking with large pores
i love a cream that absorbs nicely
directly underneath your eyes
my pores are definitely smaller
this cream sinks into the skin
it almost works like a syringe filler.
together it has firmed up a lot of the wrinkling
keeps my oily/dry skin balanced
large pores that make me look older
this tightens up those pores
keeps the oil at bay
and it does it gently without irritation.
this melts right in without a greasy residue
the pore corrector anti-aging primer with my be makeup
it contains dimethicone which irritates my skin
to protect it from further droops
lifting cream along with firming
lifting eye gel for my husb
moisturized without leaving a greasy residue
it doesn't clog my pores or cause breakouts.
your skin gets oily as the day progresses
know that it all absorbs before i hit the pillow
it keeps my eye contour nice and hydrates.
i like the product because it dries down quickly
tightens and hydrates above and below eyes.
it helps fight the loss of elasticity that has started on my brow bone
doesn't migrate into my eyes
the lid doesn't close tightly
the light texture absorbs well
i needed hydration for the crosshatch skin under my eyes as well as crepe paper like skin under bottom lashes
it also firms and smooths well.
it doesn't burn or tingle
it goes easily and is quickly absorbed.
i probably could layer another eye cream on top of it for additional moisture
this eye gel feels like heaven when applied.
i've used an eye gel before
easily absorbs into my skin
this gel depuffs and soothes eyes.
can be used on upper lid safely.
it helps with the crepe looking skin above the eye lids
it is non-drying to the delicate eye area.
it smooths my under eye and de puffs my lids.
i dabbed a little on
soothes the fine lines
glides on absorbs quickly!
my lids have been uplifted
this gel lifted my upper eyelid
tightened my eyelid so eyeliner glides on smoothly
absorbs well into my skin
my eye liner often smears
more like a silicone feel
the product has "thicken"
it smoothes crepe-y under eye areas
making my eye makeup runny
it actually dabs into skin quickly
i'd smear this over my whole body
lifting eye gel a try
cream on the shelf
i pat one pump around each orbital bone
it absorbs so quickly
smoothening which can change your skins ph
other germs each time i open
matte through out the day
do i need more moisture on my cheeks?
i didn't notice much by way of pore minimizing
it absorbs into the skin well
this cancels the dryness
this gel formula helps hydrate my dry skin without making the more oily areas breakout or become oil slicks
this formula absorbs quickly into my skin which is great when i'm in a rush
it gives a balanced amount of moisture
this moisturizer keeps that at bay while minimizing the size of pores
layers well under my foundation
it absolutely minimized my pores.
it also helps to reduce the pores
great for oily skin even help reduce the aparece of pore
this is light enough to feel moisturizerized without clogging my pores
definitely helped my pores
my skin is on the dryer side.
because of how well it absorbs into skin
this moisturizer sinks into the skin quickly
this moisturizer leaves my skin well balanced without leaving any heavy residue
reduce the appearance of my pores
glides onto your skin
have crinkled eye lids
helped with my pores
never burned my skin
reduced the look of the large pores near my nose
it balances out my combo skin
have incurred larger pores
it's decreased the size of my pores
it absorbs well into skin
i just remove a bit with a special tissue
it soaks into your skin very quickly
it penetrates your skin
absorbs quickly with no shine or residue
:( glass shards, it couldn't be saved.
it restored the moisture to my face in days.
stays intact all day without foundation primer
if you tap it into your skin it spreads
it gets 5 stars as it hydrates really well
then use the bobbi extra repair eye cream.
when my combination skin dried up like a prune
it actually repairs your skin barrier while preventing water loss
this cream is thick, but rubs in nicely.
clean without any residue or oiliness
when it comes to serious moisture without irritating additives
it works great in winter time as the cream works as a barrier to lock the moister in
the dry area on my cheeks
i my face automatically burned
it goes on easy and slowly soaks into the skin.
even the dry patches started to heal
pores are virtually gone
this product absorbs well during the night
i love the way it sinks into my skin
my skin soak this right up
it is a rich cream that my skin just soaks right up
tarte maracuja eye cream won't get rid of my black
it feels luxurious and absorbs quickly.
my pores are smaller
it is weightless and melots on contact!
i've used the petal peel sample with it one night
give me smaller pores
my sensitive combination skin absorbed it quickly
the cream is thick
absorbs into my skin very quickly
surprisingly the moisture sticks with my skin through to the morning without getting oily
goes on like melted butter.
absorbs into skin quickly
this cream just melts into your skin
instantly softens my skin
my dry skin was flaking
break out to a lot of thicker creams
it fades away quickly
it sinks in well
the perfect amount of moisture for my combo skin.
my pores are smaller
your pores are gone
it melts to an oil texture
is they changed the packaging from a tub to a squeeze tube
takes red away and hydrates.
squeezing a thicker texture balm out of a tube is sometimes a bit difficult
it melts away all types of eye makeup
put a thin layer on dry skin
then dampen your fingers
leaving it for a minute to form a milky texture
wet the cloth that comes with
this is when it turns milky
leaves my skin squeaky clean, soft, moisturized.
palm oil is an irritant for some people
it starts melting any
then wet your fingertips or even your clarisonic brush head
literally melts away the makeup off my face
removes any excess oil
onto ren since it has a muslin cloth
it melts all of your make up off
remove with cloth- bam
texture- no residue left on skin
use that moisture to sort of melt the balm over my face
then i wet the cloth with hot water
use the cloth to wipe off the balm
this balm is thick
there's no explanation given for the need of enclosed muslin cloth
work it through my lashes
add some water and emulsify it all then rinse.
gently swipe it across my eyelids
rub that in gently over my face
then i rinse liberally, keeping my eyes closed.
i just transfer a few dollops to a smaller jar
use a clean utensil other than your fingers to scoop it out: in 120 degree indian heat
rubbed it onto my face
nothing cleanses my skin better while leaving it soft
with the muslin cloth i can clean it thoroughly
it cleanses the oily parts
i really enjoy the muslin cloth that comes with it
including caked on waterproof mascara.
lathered it up with water
apply on dry skin
then add water to your finger tips massage
after washing your face
scrub with the muslin cloth
how it turns into a milky lotion when you add water
is properly lifted from your skin
oily when first applied
at which point you use the cloth to gentle remove the product
always stripped my face of its moisture
take a little in the palm of your h
to gently cleanse my face in the morning
it melts off makeup
has a similar texture to cheesecloth
i rinse the cloth and hang it dry after use.
in a mesh laundry bag
i apply the balm on dry face
the cotton pad was clean
i then rinse, and pat my face dry.
finaly something that: -removes make-up-removes eye make-up-purify the skin-makes your lashes
then applied on the skin
while you rinse it becomes a milk
not squeaky dry clean
no residue either simply clean with soft lashes
this keeps my moisture balanced
once i'm done cleaning/massaging my face it's quickly absorbed leaving a delicate refreshing scent
cleans without leaving skin tight
bone dry in the winter
this cleanser melts into the skin
skin doesn't feel stripped of natural moisture.
it rinses off completely
washes off so easily with warm water.
it rinses off completely
i hoped it would emulsify better
it melts away makeup as you rub it on your face.
it burns intensely if it gets into your eyes
i either tissue it off or wash it off
with no sensitivity or left over debris
once i started soaking the muslin cloth with hot water
gently rub through my lashes
it is like magic in a tub.
after spraying it on
letting it soak in
this is so light and absorbs fully.
it just wakes your skin up
my major skin concerns are enlarging pores
it's like an oxygen boost for your face.
the spray is a bit strong
my pores even seem smaller
send the hydration deep into the skin for a burst of added suppleness
fussy delivery system: don't mind the foam
it soaks right in
it wakes your skin up
the logs application tube
how quickly it absorbs into the skin
its a cool watery foam that you spray on the face
have dry thin skin
i apply it over a thin layer of argan milk
i like the peel-pads in the kit too
softens the skin immediately
tons of moisture, not heavy, not greasy.
even with heavy face oils
the stuff usually absorbs into my forehead
glowing with less pores
its dry cold winter
great for parched skin.
it absorbs fairly quickly into the skin
glides on/spreads out easily when applied
heavy (i love heavy - at night), but absorbs.
it immediately adsorbed into my skin leaving it soft
the smallest amount hydrates my face for the whole day
it sinks in quickly without leaving a residue
it really absorbs quickly
i love the way this sinks into my skin.
it's usually because i hadn't exfoliated
it absorbs into my skin quickly
it plumps up my skin
doesn't leave stick residue
at times oily skin
mouth was very dry
like melted plastic fruit.
it soaks into your skin very well
my skin absorbs it very quickly
it dissipates almost immediately
it seems to absorb quickly
dreaded using any form of moisturizer due to everything clogging my pores
also minimizes look of pores.
was wiping my face with the wipes often
i notice that it help minimized my pores
i get excema on my forehead from dry skin
smooth after applying it
ultimate lift eye gel
weekly, i add the lemon flash peel.
pores are smaller, more refined.
it's not greasy, and absorbs fairly quickly.
right after using ole's lemon peel
:) it's not oily and absorbs rather quickly.
soft after applying it
i can pour it out of the jar
t could spill easily
indoor heat just makes it red
allow it to soak in
i typically have oily skin
they all evaporated into thin air.
this almost rolls over your skin like it's on a roller
absorbs into my skin
softens the eye area wrinkles
i wouldn't say it absorbs "quickly"
dab it closer to the hairline
soothing effect when rubbed on forehead
rub into your temples
wash your hands after applying.
dab it on my temples
it's like the product soaks up the oil before it has a chance to accumulate in the pores
fresh umbrian clay skin care line literally saved my skin
i still use blotting sheets throughout the day
i also rotate using the umbrian clay bar mask
helps to extract the blackheads
keep oils off your skin
the fresh umbrian clay bar as a daily mask
reduced pores since using this product line
this serum has reduced the size of the pores on my nose
i noticed my skin wasnt as oily.
it keeps my skin fairly mat
on those days bare minerals powder is all i use.
absorbs into the skin quickly
when i'll use an oil-blotting sheet
the pores that go along with it
it's been great at keeping my pores
i love how it absorbs quickly
it helps with oily skin
your makeup will not oxidize as fast
minimize the appearances of pores
just keeps oil at bay
even helps keep it from caking
this product significantly reduced my pores
it smooths on nicely
this gel goes on smoothly
feels a little sticky as it dries on
it cleans my face
this face wash lathers up so beautifully it is the perfect product for clarisonic users
it foams up to a rich
rinses off with just a few splashes of water
bonus: a tiny amount sufficiently lathers up my whole face
foams up quickly when rubbed on your wet h
it got quickly absorbed into the skin while making the skin so soft
i constantly break out and i have large pores.
it dries down super matte within a minute or two
for oily skinned girls
plush in the sense that it hydrates overly large pores
this has tightened up my pores
it certainly moisturizes while also reducing pores
immediately starts to tighten pores
it leaves pores tight!
but it absorbs into your skin very quickly.
i also noticed the reduce on the size of my pores :d
use it underneath my hydra life tinted moisturizer
that one is much thicker
it absorbed into my skin quickly
the effect is similar to applying a frozen spoon against your skin
the cooling effect minimizes puffiness
it does it what it states--cools
eye gels are more sheer
penetrates right into the skin
it's just the cooling sensation
works well to soothe, cool and deflate the bags.
it de-puffs eyes some
non irritating cooling sensation
nstead of swiping it i dab it gently
i hope this eye gel roller becomes my staple
it instantly cools and minimizes puffiness.
left with a cooling sensation
you can feel the cooling sensation
the cooling sensation lasts a long time
i dont think it really de-puffs or lightens under eye circles
i've tried everything from products claiming to "de-puff" eyes to putting ice-cold wet green tea bags on my eyes
the tea stained my face greenish
it does take more than one application dabbed underneath the eyes to notice the results
absorbs into my skin immediately
it absorbs into the skin well
doesn't grease up the face
move onto the super restorative
i tend toward oily
it soaks in quickly
my oily forehead doesn't look as oily
it helps my oily skin
my skin from dry/normal turned oily
my pores seem to not be as clogged
the texture is a georgeous gel cream that just melts right into the skin leaving it silky
comfortable without any oily residue
by temporarily filling in pores
leaves no residue behind
is great for layering products both underneath
slightly oily in summer
it's so light weighted with the texture of liquid milk rather than cream
the dimethicone continued to give me little breakouts on my lids
since this cream smooths
it absorbs readily into my skin
fantastic mud/clay based mask!
this one stays damp
i add a light mist spray on top to keep it on longer
then remove with damp sponges
my nose has huge pores
i can see it by my less visibly pores.
when using the mask
"dries" without forming a hard
it wipes off easily
i've found most mud masks to be drying
still pulls sebum to the surface for easier less damaging extraction of blackheads
i can feel it cleansing my pores as it works into my skin
it pulls all of your impurities to the surface
oils clogging those pores
seems to absorb straight into the skin
a dab of color on my cheeks
no more goopy skin
it absorbs nicely into my skin
my favorite to stack with the thermal balm for a super clean face after a full makeup day
followed with the deep cleansing mud.
feel this cleanses well without stripping my oily skin
will happily stomach it
don't need it for deep grime
in a rinse off product i'm less nervous
take off with a warm washcloth
not striped of all moisture
and it rinses really well.
and it rinses so clean.
a little pea size in my palm foams up to cleanse my entire face
it goes away after it soaks in
a great product it really locks in the moisture
the skin absorbs it quickly
make sure you use the stay matt hydrator underneath to keep the pores closed
absorbs well and won't break you out.
helps even out skin
when it comes to oily skin
protects you from sun damage
dry or combination-dry skin
my pores look alot smaller
had not clogged my pores
it provides so much moisture
once it sinks in
i put clinique moisture surge intense overtop
adds moisture without greasiness.
i said "where are my pores?
my pores shrank so small they're gone
it locks it all in
it smooths my dehydrated skin
best of all it does not clog my pores
was soon gone with the help of a salicylic acid mask
it never clogs my pores
effective oil that smooths nicely over serums without pilling
then layer 2 drops of juno with 2 drops of marula oil
it goes on easily and absorbs well.
absorbs quickly and very soothing.
it sinks in slowly
absorbs all the way in
it doesn't oxidize or separate my makeup either
it melts into my skin great
my pores have gotten smaller
my skin is finally retaining moisture
my horrendously oily nose
easy to spead and fast absorbing.
instantly calms my outrageous skin down
plumps up my skin
absorbed quickly into my skin
like to press into my skin with my palms
layer with luna on days i need a bit more moisture
it sinks in nicely
i get tons of compliments on my skin
mixing it together in the palm of my h
the oil would turn milky
it dissipates pretty quick
this moisturizes without clogging!
this will zap it completely
once you are applying the oil the saw dust smell stays
especially for drier skins
the perennially clogged pores on my chin
this oil completely plumps and evens out my skin.
i like to put one pump of the serum on my palm
rub them together to evenly distri
it is very runny
it is just meant for a burst of moisture.
i then top with a light powder
it quenches my dry skin
my pores look much smaller
this helped unclog my pores
reduce the appearance of pores
using this nightly has made my pores almost invisible
my pores are wayyyyy smaller
your skin has to break out in order to purge the dirt
bacteria before it evens out
smooths out my skin texture
my pores are getting smaller
how quickly it absorbs
radiance while bringing anti-aging into my routine
after the surface layers of dead skin cells have been sloughed off
licorice extract repair skin
my enlarged pores appear less visible now
it burned the fur off
it fades super fast
this has definitely helped shrink my pores
fades magically darks spots !
it does dissipate quickly
left me with smaller cleaner pores
my pores have vanished
my skin was parched
as well as much smaller pores
the formula glides on easily
absorbs fairly quickly into your skin
i love the way that it glides onto my skin
my skin is easily clogged
this product works miracles on my pores.
pores weren't as visible
my pores look smaller
it makes me look like a grease ball
find it's just like an eraser erased the pores near my nose
my nose gets oily
it smooths out my skin quickly without making it feel parched
my pores now look like my 20's skin
it did dissipate within 5-10 minutes
then rub or pat in a couple pumps of good genes
large pores on the nose
good genes practically has eliminated my pores
it shrunk my pores
seemingly my skin worked up to receiving that amount of lactic acid
no oily residue or shininess from this.
it smooths out evenly and sooo nicely.
my skin eats this stuff up
it cleanses without stripping moisture
clean without drying it out
my pores are almost invisible
leaving my skin super clean without being abrasive or drying
patted my skin dry
the minimal foaming is actually preferable to the cleansers that are excessively foamy
this stuff shrinks my pores like no other
my pores are smaller and clearer.
it refines your pores like whoa
this really cleans my skin.
lately my skins been oily underneath
with dryness on the surface
am forever searching for pore-reducing/cleaning products
it's made my pores look so much smaller
my skin is clean, soft, and not dried out.
simultaneously usually peeling from dryness at the same time
no greasy residue afterwards.
it doesn't dig deep to clean out dirt
it does seem to temporarily tighten up pores
dirt from my face
my nose is covered in itty bitty blackheads
my pores are tighter
my face is almost clear combining this with salicylic acid face wash
basically use a warm wash cloth to open you pores
soften your skin then cleanse with the ceramic slip then follow with a toner or final rinse with cool water to close the pores back up
smooth after i wash it
then rinsing with very cold water
like a paste or "clay"
balance the oily/dry areas
seriously clears up my pores after just one use
the ceramic slip clay cleanser applied only to my t zone has resolved it
moisturized enough to just use a face mist before applying makeup
i love this ceramic slip
it doesn't foam up with my clarisonic brush though
my pores do look smaller
my pores are seriously minimized
sometimes flirts with combination skin
reduced the appearance of my pores
the clay does wonders.
my pores are so much clearer
have tried many face washes
no more oil slicks either.
this in combination with the melting gel toner
it has helped a lot with my clogged pores
it has definitely helps my pores to appear smaller
toned without drying my skin out
visibly shrink my pores
i visibly see my pore size shrink after use!
i've tried a lot of face washes.
it doesn't foam up
boscia pore strips were a big help too
my pores are reduced
it plumps up my face
this hydrates in all the right places!
i rub in a little moisture surge on top
temporarily tightens the forehead marks
can make oily skin more greasy/oily
my skin flakes when i use it
it's not greasy or pore-clogging
because i have reactive/oily skin
jaw up to my outer temples
i noticed the beads within the masks would dissolve if i massaged the product into my face
the oil sinks into your skin fast
the oil absorbs so quickly
this is a product that acts as a gentle overnight peel on my skin
rose hip seed oil extract
sensitive in the sun
cost my skin peeling
it does diminishes looked of my pores
it stains my pillow sheets
this does not clog pores or cause breakouts at all
my pores have gotten smaller
less congestion beneath the skin
flaking or peeling happening on my sensitive skin
it is a thicker oil but does absorb.
my pores are invisible
using 2 drops for the forehead
the oil has to be patted on, not smeared in.
moisture level of my skin
i am using 4 droops at night
it helps my skin quickly to get rid of dry patches
doesn't clog my pores
it absorbs well into my skin
softens the look of pores
it takes a while to absorb into my skin
i usually use 8 to 10 drops
it lessens the depth of the wrinkles.
do not use on pores
i used this to fill in my pores by accident
forehead as a quick fix wrinkle minimizer
which was great for my pores
definitely follow the tips of blotting it in rather than rubbing
my skin is in great condition because i routinely get chemical peels
apply a thick enough coat so my skin appears completely smooth after the product dries
there has to be enough volume to allow the product to work like spackling paste
this does the trick too smooth those ridges into submission
i am constantly getting chemical peels
having my face lasered
this product completely fills them in.
once it is absorbed
it burns, but fills in any fine lines.
it completely smooths out my areas wheredeeper wrinkles are
i reviewed tons of wrinkle cream for my forehead lines
there was no residue or flaking.
my skin gobbles this up
peels in certain spots quickly
dry out the oil without causing so much dryness that my skin peeled
glides easily over the skin
which means it works best on deeper skin layers
works well to keep blackheads away without drying out my skin
my skin would peel
this product leaves my skin with the perfect amount of moisture
it absorbs into skin very quickly
this is the one product that moisturizes without leaving your skin greasy
keep the lid up
keeping a matte finish while still providing enough moisture with no dryness
which gets rid of the dead skin whitehead plugs
it reduces the size of my pores
the size of the hole is akin to a full 8-12oz body lotion
it is slowly clearing
quickly sinks in to the skin
the salicylic acid will clean out your pores
it does so very gently without irritation
cleaner pores not only translates into smaller pores
i found that putting this lotion in the fridge thickens it up enough that it doesn't glob out when you pop the cap
if you're squeezing the tube even slightly it spits out way too much product
dry patches i used to
it causes my foundation to separate or get cakey
the salicylic acid pad at night
it leaves my skin feeling like velvet without irritating it or clogging my pores
it gives a light moisture
then dab this on my cheeks
really unclogs deeply inflammed pores
helps with oily skin.
powder goes on well afterwards.
it made my cheeks dry
it keeps my makeup from sinking into my pores
matte through out the day without clogging pores
the salicylic pads and wash are almost amazing!
this dries my pimples out
applied 2-3 times daily to a clean face
aka the blockage deep in my skin has gone away
affectively removes your blemishes
at the first sign i dab it with this magic white serum that dries clearly morning under makeup
a dab of this stuff has pimples completely dried out the next day
i dabbed it generously on only the acne spots
correct imperfections without drying my skin
it soaks into the skin quickly
i've used it on my oilier
dryer spots with the same result
without drying the area
it clears up pimples in 1-2 days without over drying the skin
it clears up pimples almost instantly with in 24 to 48 hours
coating on my skin where applied
the treatment is milky clear when dispensed
once applied it dries clear
not over-drying product
burnt my skin on another sephora label
my skins water barrier was destroyed
holds moisture all day
fields out of the water
it retained the moisture
hydrates my skin & absorbs easily into my skin.
ll apply it rather thickly
it absorbs really well
it soaks in quickly but still hydrates.
still provides long-lasting deep moisture
soaks in quickly so that it doesn't leave a greasy layer on top of your skin
i did rub the cream into my skin
it melts right into your skin
cheeks up to my forehead
this cream saved my skin from drying in the cold
has a light clean scent that dissipates after a few minutes
glides on & sinks into skin.
it soaks in quickly
there is no greasy residue
it absorbs quickly and not thick at all.
it does not leave residue and absorbs quickly.
it sinks into my skin in seconds
it def soaked into my skin
it rubs in well
it sinks in so well into my skin.
it soaks in after a little massaging
it feels like a body butter.
it absorbs so quickly
it absorbs quickly into the skin
it keeps my skin from drying out
this hydrates my skin perfectly without feeling like a greasy mess afterwards because it absorbs very quickly on the skin
it dries my normally very normal skin
the clinique dried my skin out
absorbs in the skin without leaving a greasy residue
i also like it because it absorbs quickly.
when layered with my primer
it sinks right into my skin
no stickiness or oiliness
it absorbs almost instantly
absorbs quickly but is rich and creamy.
this creamy moisture fixed my dry skin problems in 2 days
reduces the bags under my eyes
he relaxes while he wears them
i cut mine into appropriately sized strips
not drippy or wet
it contain hyaluronic acid which plumps the wrinkles around your eyes
gel like mask before
it instantly cooled off my eyes
i found that i could get a ton of uses out of this before the hydrogel wore off
this brightens my eyes and minimizes my bags.
it is honestly the only product i have found that actually reduces puffiness underneath my eyes
this does magic to your eyelids
cooling affect on your eyes
cooling treat for baggy
keep in the fridge
keep in the fridge!
love this gel eye mask!
the refreshing cool ins sensation while applying it
plumps up the under-eye skin in just 15 minutes
the drying air of air planes
at first it burns a lil but it settles in well.
large pores on my nose since i was a teen
s to dropping hundreds on a small bottle of ointment
this stuff is like liquid gold.
it completely smooths your skin
my pores look clear
my pores look smaller
matte primer that caused my pores to get clogged causing sever breakouts on my lower cheeks
this gel literally saved my skin !
dead skin cells out of my pores
5 pumps on my fingers
this product not only clears your pores out
it goes on like a thin gel
this product is drying for my skin
diminishes onto skin upon application
super lightweight and absorbs quickly into skin.
feels a little tingly at first then goes away as it absorbs into skin
my face transformed into this oily
pores looked visibly smaller
this has really helped with my clogged pores.
it has helped my pores look smaller.
i wash my face with clearasil rapid action face scrub
it clears up my skin without drying it out
no irritation or drying.
the pores have minimized
it clears it up quickly without drying or irritating my skin
add the pumpkin enzyme scrub to your routine
gently to clear existing blemishes
my pores are smaller
my pore got smaller
absorbs into the skin
deeply clogged pores that facials wouldn't even completely clear up are starting to clear
bees salycylic acid face wash
i notice a shrinkage in pores
along with the wash
doesn't have any pore-clogging ingredients.
this does not clog my pores at all
actually calms my skin
it is light and absorbs fast.
absorbs quick and nicely into skin.
instantly calms, softens and hydrates.
it goes on light and absorbs quickly.
does not clog the pores.
not oily or greasy
absorbs quickly and does not clog my pores.
it absorbs quickly into the skin
greasy residue on my skin
feels light and absorbs into your skin.
does not clog pores
reduces oiliness in t-zone
doesn't leave my cheeks
the winter cold dries out my skin
oil free moisturizer that won't wreak havoc on my skin
it absorbs quickly leaving no greasy residue on my face
gives enough moisture without over-drying.
within seconds your skin will absorb it completely
makes skin look moist without being oily!
it is lightweight and easy to rub in.
it doesn't clog my pores
my skin never reacts to it
apply my bare essentials powder foundation
it doesn't clog my pours
won't clog your pores
it actually absorbs into the skin
my skin usually responds to creams fast
my skin is literally 100% blemish free
i love the fact that this moisturizer quickly absorbs into my face each morning
it absorbs on face pretty face
protect me from smoke
it only spurted out little bits of moisturizer sporadically
this is often a result of air bubbles in the product with pumps
it absorbs right into your skin
it sinks into skin right away without leaving any oily residue
it really absorbs into my skin well.
my pores look smaller
it contains spf 15 to protect your skin from the sun's damaging rays that cause premature aging
it really hydrates my skin without causing break outs
offers a great amount of moisture to my skin without a greasy feel or residue feeling
everything just peels off
just the right amount of moisture
it absorbs really well
didn't clog my pores
gets clogged or blemishes easily
just clinique pressed powder as needed
i would say just stick to a pore minimizing primer
it doesn't do a huge amount for pores
provides just enough moisture
i do think it minimizes the appearance of pores
is oily with enlarged pores
it provides my skin with the perfect amount of moisture
does it completely diminish the look of your pores?
i love the way it sinks into my skin
matte without the heavy sticky feeling
silky finish without over drying
my cheek had slightly smaller pores
it doesn't completely fix my large pores
and it really does make pores smaller.
my pores became smaller immidiatly
some mattifying hydrators dry out your skin
my pores became smaller immidiatly, less visible.
this stuff closes my pores
it's so lightweight and absorbs quickly.
my pores were gone
truly does make your pores look smaller
refine the look of my pores
pores are gone & so is shiny skin!
i've noticed my pores look tiny now
without clogging my pores
so normally i just use a ton of blotting paper
use the clinique on my nose
it does fill in pores
me it lasts most of the day without having to use blotting tissues
i accidentally discovered that it has eliminated my ingrown hair issue
i still get hairs
the moisture on my skin helped this product to spread
smoothing with no sensitivity
on my eyelids with just a few uses of the sample
it really smooths out the skin
will conserve my last tubes like blood
the tube is small
serious chemical peels are in the thous
applied to my skin before bed
i woke up with translucent skin!
overnight my forehead became porcelain smooth!
other then fat transfers and plastic surgey !
actually seems to clog my pores
it's light weight and absorbs quickly.
it gives my skin a boost of moisture that lasts all day
the skin on my chest
love the pump dispenser, too.
it absorbs super quick
dry or combination skin
my pores appear smaller
i get dry patches
this product has a watery/gel like consistency
it dries within seconds of applying it
with the intense moisture rescue cream day
the moisture mask at least twice a week
the milky appearance is misleading as far as viscosity
after the product gets absorbed
t absorbs right into your skin
it instantly helps the skin absorb the moisture
it usually sinks into my skin after 2 mins
it takes about 2-3 mins to sink into my skin
i believe it minimizes my pores
i can actually feel the lotion popping into my pores when i tap it in
my skin soaks this up
added moisture to my skin
absorbs into the skin quickly
i noticed my skin had dryer patches on my cheeks
this serum soaks right into the skin right after applying it
it immediately calms my red skin
it absorbs really well and quickly.
then add a thick face cream
it also absorbs pretty quickly.
dry skin lacks oil
even when my skin isn't really dr using this just really smooths out my skin
massage onto my face
pumps for your face
it soaks into my skin
this stuff is liquid gold.
it hydrates like nothing else!
if soaks in quickly
it prevents my sky from flaking mid day
normal on my cheeks
would put on layers
it surely moisturizes your skin without making your skin too oily
it soaks into the skin quickly
my skin is parched
the moisture is perfect
a dab in my hair
i find that the oil absorbs
applies better when your body is moist
i usually pump about three sprays into my h
then rub into my legs
the bottles do come with a pump/mist spray
the oil sprays out so you have to spray out a lot of product to cover your body
the oil sprays out
the own drawback is that the lid for some reason loosens up
the oil absorbs into your skin without leaving a oily residue
it gets absorbed easily
neck after the shower
sometimes i'll also spray it on my foundation brush when applying a matte foundation to give me a dewy look
i've also used it in my hair and body.
like my face looks like a coconut flaked donut on my parched days
it just gives the perfect amount of moisture
comb thru hair with your fingers
tames the fly aways
smooth without being greasy or heavy like a lotion
the spray nozzle on the larger bottle is great too
cuticles-rubbing the oil in my nails
it doesn't clog my pores or cause breakouts
after applying this to my hair it gave my second day curls
skin are on the dryer side
i spritz a few sprays onto my h
s i gently rub it into my face
super nourishing and absorbs quickly.
using it minimizes my breakouts
it doesn't clog my pores
keeps my hair soft after a few days without washing
typically use it to seal in a thicker
it absorbs well within 15 minutes
used it on my body
i mainly use this oil to tame my bagillion flyaways
helps keep it shiny and controls frizz!
during the day i dab a drop onto the sides of my nose to help with the dryness
i've used it on my elbows
absorbs fast without making my skin oily
dry oils irritate my skin
my skin is happy to soak this stuff up without the tiniest bit of redness
is absorbed very quickly
on the ends of my hair after blows eying to prevent dryness
without spraying all-over willy-nilly
want to try their contouring oil next.
it has a pump spray
not to greasy and absorbs quickly.
it gets absorbed well
i get shiny easily
i put it in a glass bottle with an eyedropper in the lid for easier application
softens my skin without making it greasy
it absorbed into my facial skin well
non-oily sheen to hair
it tamed my dry
frizzy hair with a few drops
i tried it in my hair before blow drying
apply to damp hair before blow drying
this oil does absorb quickly
it helps to soften any flaky bits
i usually warm it by rubbing my palms together
patting on clean skin in the morning
sun burns as well as it keeps your skin from peeling
doesn't leave an oily residue
calms my skin down so quickly
this mask instantly pumps my skin with water
somehow minimizes the look of my pores
it was healing slowly
this mask instantly soothes
after washing the mask off
i can instantly feel the moisture.
pat my face dry
after 10 minutes his skin had literally soaked up the entire mask minus the bits of oats
hydrates my skin without making it oily or breaking me out
this mask is the only mask that actually soothes my skin
calms my irritated skin
it is soothing, calming and repairing.
my skin is sensitive to temperature change
this neutralizes the irritation
smeared poison ivy all over my face
had recommended the peel pads
this mask really helped to soothe
i apply a layer on my face
then rinse off after
it dries a bit weird
then i'll rinse it off before i step out of the shower
this mask is so thick
actually absorbed into the skin
when i rinsed off
rinses off with little fuss
this adds so much moisture
i also use it after brow waxes
kind of resets my skin
scented body wash makes me break out in hives
mask cleansed my face leaving fresh
mask was easy to spread/rinse
when applied it feels like a chunky lotion rather than a clay-type mask that hardens
never dries out my skin beneath it
this mask helps to combat uncomfortable
dry skin caused by the elements
gel masks that attempt to "biore" your pores by dredging them
this soothes my skin
it soothes my skin
damaged it was peeling
applied a thin layer to my super dry spots
only product that has gotten rid of the excess flakes
i like that you can see the oatmeal flakes in this mask
does not dry tightly on the face
i love how it absorbs straight into my skin
put a good layer of the oatmeal mask on my face
relieves any dry patches literally overnight
it has the consistency if a heavy lotion scattered with oatmeal bits
it also gently removes any flakes
allowing water to bind to the skin
it immediately calms my skin
put this on under my liquid
i wear it under my liquid foundation
i usually look like a frying pan after a couple of hours with makeup
flake off when i applied my liquid foundation
it's so lightweight that it absorbs quickly when you massage it into your skin
it gives my combo skin the right amount of moisture
i mainly get oily on my nose 15 mins after washing my face
with this fluid my skin stays matte for hours
the lightweight cream isn't heavy or goopy.
doesn’t feel oily or greasy
get very oily on my forehead
it is light, and absorbs quickly.
normal skin on my cheeks
helps control my oiliness
to gently smooth this into only the oily parts of the face in small amounts
mega oily in some
a dab smaller than your finger pad
or in a drier climate
i need something that minimizes pores
yet my forehead is oily
no patches or white flakes
it does not feel like it's suffocating my pores
i avoid my nose which is oily
it keeps my face moist all day.
my nose is oily
the thickness of the cream felt like it may be clogging pores more once my skin was back to baseline
it absorbs into the skin well
as my skin will soon flake
this product is literally a skin-saver for my dry skin
it just melts your skin into soft
it is on the thicker end
flaking once the weather turned
arctic winds on a daily basis
helps to soften my skin and keep it from flaking.
it would cause clogged pores throughout the day
caudalie saved my skin with the moisture mask
not greasy, absorbs quickly into my skin.
it absorbs rather quickly
fixes your super dry skin without any grease
it flaked just as badly
my skin used to flake
peel all year long
light weight mosturizer that won't clog my pores
without worrying about dry flakes
i love this--it absorbs well
even when used irregularly
it absorbs very easily
until i tried caudalie'svinosource intense moisture rescue cream
i put a lot of junk to try to fix it from peels to acids
it doesn't feel heavy once it absorbs
it absorbs really quickly
it really hydrates the area around the eyes
the tiny reflective particles instantly improve the look of dark circles
hydrates my eye and softens my dark circles
apply with applicator in gentle circles
smudge with your finger
i used this underneath my foundation
like the orange or coral pigment does when i normally color correct
this product hydrates as well as improving the look of dark circles
hydrates the under eye area
this gradually lightens your under eye area
it's not a magic eraser
it hydrates my under eye area
the cool tip helps to deflate any puffiness that you experience
reduces the discoloration about 50%
the cooling metal applicator really helps with eye puffiness in the morning
it has a tendency to leak inside the cap
it also plumps/smooths my under eye area on mornings when i look more wrinkly than usual
the applicator also has a nice cooling feel.
it is slow to absorb
applicator is very nice
the cooling metal applicator at the end of the tube feels very refreshing
once i've squeezed a small bead of cream above the metal applicator
i gently sweep the applicator under my eye area
the cooling metal tip
that claim to eliminate undereye circles
absorbs well, not oily, non irritating.
when you put this on the applicator is ice cold
then rub it in with your fingers
i don't like the metal tip applicator
the bottle is tiny
the metal applicator tip is great in the morning.
helps to restore lost moisture
my skin is so dry that it peels
work it into my skin with my fingers after cleansing
eyelashes are much thicker
then apply a gel or stick blush
i apply a couple drops to the ends to seal in moisture after washing
helps it retain moisture
than use the fresh lip balm
it quickly sinks into your skin
doesn't leave a sticky residue
use on my legs after shaving
while not clogging my pores
like after a clay face mask
after a few seconds it absorbs quickly into my skin
rub excess into my nails
it absorbs super quickly
doesn't leave a sticky residue
absorbs right into the skin
using it as a face oil for my parched skin
it absorbs easily and lasts.
super dry on the cheeks
it sinks in quickly without being greasy
keeps it from drying out in the cold winter
takes a out 10-15 minutes to fully absorb
i tried this oil on an oven burn once
layer my fresh rose cream over top
i am a ball of grease in the summer
flakes in the wintertime
this oil provides great moisture overnight
other benefits i noticed: tighter pores
''tis oil keeps my skin from flaking
absorbs into the skin
i noticed that my pores did not clog as much
a little on my nostrils
the oil itself melts in so easily.
it's almost wet and just absorbs into your skin.
then applied my foundation with the beauty blender very lightly dabbed with some of this
it absorbs well and calms irritated skin.
the seaberry oil is absorbed into skin
my skin went hay-wire
amazingly rich & doesn't clog my pores!
i don't feel like it clogs my pores at all
oily summer/ dry flaking winters
my pores on my nose
have tried everything to unclog my pores
my pores are enlarged
apply with a cotton pad
cotton pads absorb the liquid
the serum should come with more of the pads that don't absorb the liquid
not drying or greasy
give this a try, and the peels!!!
gross extra strength peel
moisture is off the charts
mud mask that cleans pores
pore cleansing without over drying great for sensitive skin
then once that soaks in
doesn't irritate the skin
it absorbs so quickly.
you want to slough off dead skin cells
it is readily absorbed on clean skin
while ironing out those fine wrinkles
it absorbs into the skin quickly
the ferulic acid helps balance the moisture levels
it's slowly drying out my current pimples
i'd love it of they made pre-moistened pads too.
use with the pads
after a scrub or pore-opening shower
years to accumulate dark spots
my pores are tighten
the scrub pads are good for pigmented areas
i also think that the ferulic acid here prevents drying
i rinse the pads
pores are not as visible as before
purchased his sensitive skin daily two step peel
started using the pads
the pads help exfloiliate your skin further so the product absorbs better on your skin
my large pores have minimized
wow my pours around my cheeks
i went to a dermatologist to try to fix my pours
it soaks in quickly
my pores are smaller, tighter.
this product stripped it of its coating
the mask had dried out
i don't get oil slicks as easily
as a primer i use a small amount to lightly coat my face
my pores have shrunken on my cheeks
a primer and mask in one?
fills in my pores
just unscrew the cap
left it on for 10 min and rinsed off.
daily facial peels from the same line
which when it dries clogs the pump
it is very drying
oily t-zone dryness on my chin
i recommend this to anyone with large pores
so switched back to this mask applied a thin layer in morning
thick layer at night
thinner layer as an overnight mask
my skin has reacted so well to sulfur
keeps my pores tight during the day
it keeps the oils on my skin from breaking up foundation
this dried it out quickly
keep it in the fridge
even when i apply it thickly
these clogged pores are unmanageable in the summer
and the jar lasts a long time!
i've found that sulfur does wonders on my skin
reduce the size of my pores
if they don't comet to a head it produces a severely inflammed pimple
this mask reduces the swelling
these days all it does for me is seem to bring pimples to a head by churning the cells inside the pore
i put on two thin layers
my pores looked much smaller
i used an overnight moisture mask as well
my pores look noticeably small
i miss the thicker
you can apply a thin layer that soaks into your skin like an overnight treatment
this product is excellent at clearing pores
i also leave a very thin layer overnight on places where i commonly get blackheads
my skin also responds to licorice to fade dark spots fast
just a tiny thin layer would do
it pumps everything out.
this mask dries nicely on the skin without getting sticky in my hair or staining bedding or clothes
it absorbs the oil from my skin
it shrinks my pores
you can unscrew the top
find a week's worth of mud under the lid
blend around oily areas before makeup
this also controls my frying pan of a face
when your skin calms down a bit
even a dollop on a burgeoning pimple does wonders overnight
i applied thicker coverage at night
dried out my lips
as long as you use just washed fingers or a spatula
the dispenser is also great because it keeps your fingers out of the jar which prevents germs from getting in there
i always have to unscrew the top
it absorbs quickly and isn't heavy or oily.
supple after each application
gently press into my face
it's soft to touch almost melt
it soothes the skin
refreshed with no residual greasiness
my sensitive skin usually breaks out briefly when i swap moisturizers
it moisture my skin
really helps with pore size!
it awakens your skin!
i can scoop out an almost-pea-size dollop with my pinky
i will be peeling
this age defense creme kept my skin moist
additionally i have two whiteheads an aestician feared to remove due to capillary damage
it hydrates and is not greasy, oily or heavy.
this creme somehow relieves my chapped raw skin it doesn't sting
rather than sit on top of the skin it absorbs into your skin
this does not clog my pores either
completely worth the dough
this literally took the pigment from my face somehow
evenly pigmented face to work with
heavy in the jar but can be absorbed quickly.
the moisture bound cream
also calms my skin down
this cream simple melt onto my skin
it hydrates without feeling oily or looking greasy
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
it absorbs very well
the glass spatula is so luxurious!
it is light and really soaks into the skin.
after flaking like a snake on a daily basis for years
it causes my eyes to itch uncontrollably
it absorbs quickly into the skin.
absorbs quickly into skin while leaving that nice supple looking glow after applying
the creme can really penetrate
not sure how well it heals/reduces already existing wrinkles
this is light, and absorbs quickly.
making it easy to apply evenly
coming out of the jar yet it's weightless after application
it sinks into your skin
the emulsion brightened my skin the first day
no more powder since it dulls my color now
it clears up any discoloration or blemish i get after a break out
however the liquid gets trapped in the plastic clear lining of the bottle
and it stains it orange.
i still think the product helps with my pores
i am 43, have oily skin and enlarged pores.
it also seems to tighten my pores.
and pores have been transformed.
might refine your pores a bit
this serum smooths and fills my laugh lines.
silky serum that really sinks into your skin nicely
it absorbs very quickly
helped me get rid of my sub-surface zits/clogged pores
this soaks in immediately!
the container is correct for face products: opaque
the nozzle is extremely short
the texture of the product is so watery-thin that it drips down all over the front of the bottle or my fingers
it is a thin liquid
2 squirts covers your face
anxious to see shrinking pores
just don't care for how it squirts out of the container
it shoots out the product
it completely absorbs into the skin
the skin became really smother
it absorbs really quickly
the formula dissolves right into my skin
the sticky feeling disappears super fast
after a few mins of rubbing it onto your face
it gets absorbed quickly
pores are less noticeable
base- otherwise will peel
hydro-toner/water mist
rub very slowly on
because it gets absorbed quickly
doesn't smear around the skin
goes on easy and drys fast.
slightly air brushes the lines away
an instant brightener to the under eye
comes out of tube a bit too quickly
it removes dark circles almost instantly.
i furrow my brow
the only issue is the dispenser - it clogs.
your pores clog very easily
it is light enough not to clog my pores
it provides the dry patches with enough moisture
its best to mix in with foundations as a bb cream for summer because its a liquidy formula
it definitely absorbs quickly
it sinks into your skin so quickly
have combo/oily skin
it absorbs really fast
keeps the product free from germs because of the pump
is perfect for powder or liquid foundations
it absorbs quickly and dries smoothly.
this brings moisture back into my face
i tend to get flakes of dry skin around my mouth
after that it's soaked in
soaks in quickly and not greasy.
it soaks into your skin super quickly
clears up any dryness very quickly
oily patches and dry patches.
it helps repair damaged skin from previous spots.
absorbs into my skin quickly
it has a pump, and sinks into the skin easily!
without it burning or stinging
soaks in quickly to avoid a greasy feeling
t provides a perfect amount of moisture for my skin
this moisturizer seems to have filled the void
dries with a matte finish!
no fuss, not oily and absorbs quickly.
absorbs quickly into the skin
its light weight and dries quickly.
i think it may have caused a few clogged pores on my cheeks
i usually apply after washing , to face and neck.
with no creasing in fine lines
soothes my skin instantly
helps with dryness without making oily
the pump is more sanitary than just dipping my finger in
either powder or liquid
brightens skin without leaving thick or heavy residue
it also minimized the size of my large pores
it really sinks in
love the way it melts into my skin.
the container is great for making sure actives do not oxidize
when oxidizes turns yellowish
even in the dryer winter
easy to use pump container.
leaves my skin moist
it keeps the ingredients from being exposed to light
a half pump sinks in beautifully!
seeps into skin within seconds
you turn it counter clockwise.
love that it fights oxidization by never allowing air into the cream
large pores on the sides of my nose that are blackhead-prone
visibility of the pores on the side of my nose
layering it like a mask making sure all pores are filled
i gently rub/pat the rest into the skin around my nose a go to bed
pores reverts to their original state before you started treating them
add bobbi brown skin smoothing pore perfector primer on nose
then lightly pat on make up forever step 1 smoothing primer into any pores that still show
i started off using the pore minimizing toner by itself
this combined with the intensive pore toner have transformed my skin
it immediately de-congests my pores
my pores have shrunk significantly as well.
pores do look less visible
my pores are smaller.
the intensive pore minimizer
enlarged pores just seem to break me
no heavy silicone primer needed
my pores were smaller
there is "less pore" for the makeup to seep into
it did shrink my noticeable nose pores by
t before for my pore problems
my pores look better
slowly my skin is becoming less oily
my pores are looking smaller
the pores around my nose
i love my "invisible pores."
it extracts my pores, especially in my nose area!
you can actually see stuff being sucked out of your pores as the mask dies lighter in color
tiny specks arise from the clogged
congested areas of your skin
my pores look smaller
it burns for like 2 minutes
gently scrubbed it off
i can sand the paint off my walls with this
it burns for about 2 minutes.
this really helps to lift impurities up
my pores look non existent
it clears your skin
realized i had put a thick layer instead of a thin layer
applying a thin layer as per instructions
occasionally i'll put a thicker layer for more significant results
the exfoliation when you are removing the mask is slightly rough
it does the job of clearing my pores.
the burning transitioned into a cool
my face doesn't feel dry or puckered up afterwards
especially my nose/pores area.
t's pores no more refining cream
sensitive skin prone to dry patches in the winter
then dry areas on my cheeks
on my dry patches
flaring up after i've washed it off
washed it off with hot water
i immediately rinsed it off
it smells divine and really tightens the skin.
lightly washed that area
i can 100% see my pores are smaller!
draw out impurities i use this twice a week
i put on a very thin layer
then i splashed my face with warm water
started rubbing it in circular motions to exfoliate while washing it off
you only need a very thin layer
removing the mask is a breeze!
rinse it off using circular motions
my pores are less visible
my pores were visibly reduced
which is usually how my face reacts to bentonite clay
to remove i dabbed a soaked wash cloth all over my face to loosen up the mask
then i wet my hands and rubbed my face clean.
pulling oil/dirt out of pores
wash it off lightly with warm water
it exfoliates manually very well
i've started using bentonite clay
super fine ground pumice all mixed into a mask
my pores were smaller when i removed the mask
like most clay type masks it is drying
it almost seems to melt away pores
the product instantly gave a burning sensation
once the product dried
leaf like material in the mask
layer over your face
once the mask starts to dry
the sting gradually tapers off
this really pulls the impurities
dirt straight out of your skin
so apply the product with a clean foundation brush
actually cleaned my pores
i looked at my pores in the mirror after i washed it off
love feeling the exfoliation scraping off the dead skin
have perpetually clogged pores
my skin doesn't shed dead skin properly
it really helped to clear my skin without drying or abrasion
who doesn't like the feeling of a freshly exfoliated face?
then starts to cool off as it dries
i love the feeling of exfoliating so rubbing it off in circular motions was for me
-- it cleans my skin deep
rub it in circles gently to get an exfoliated sensation
despite how much i exfoliated
the mask tightens the skin
i tend to have combination skin- this helps dry out oiliness
my pores look smaller
pulls out my blackheads like a boss!
right after washing off the mask
applied a very thin layer
the metal applicator feels so good under my eyes
it helps to de-puff my eye bags
applicator is soothing on tired skin.
it clears the skin without drying
gives an extra cooling sensation
the applicator is easy to use to swipe the area.
i gently rub the area until dry.
in fact, it cools the skin and feels calming.
the applicator takes a bit of getting used to
i smoothed the product in using a disposable sponge
i find using a sponge gives a more even application
the ball applicator tends to dispense too much for my needs
it has a really cool applicator
the applicator is a little strange
follow the directions to adjust the amount of cream on the applicator
once you get used to the way the applicator works
the applicator helps massage the lymph fluid to help drain puffiness
it "de-puffs" almost instantly.
i love the wand.
the applicator feels great
the applicator allows you to surround your eyes with product
it was super easily absorbed into skin
after applying the product absorbs completely
the moisturizer glides easily across the skin
absorbs in about 30 seconds
i've noticed that my pores appear to be refined
doesn't leave an oily residue
the sun damage on my forehead
the moisturizer itself is like a gel/cream consistency that sinks in beautifully without leaving behind a greasy feeling
the cream is a bit thick
it does absorb quickly
rinse my face with water in the morning
it absorbs easily into the skin without leaving any stickiness behind
my pores are less clogged
the pores look smaller
powder to eliminate the shines
every night i use the cute little spoon to scoop out a pea-size amount which easily covers both face
doesn’t make your skin shiny or sticky
even my pores are less visible
t won't clog pores
it's a lightweight gel that you barely dab your finger tip in
also removed all the clogged pores
it's almost vaseline-like texture melts completely into my skin after a few minutes
it literally glides on
then the lifting toning
used the entire jar
reveal fresh new skin
help to slough off old cells
completely dissolves into your skin.
blending into the skin well without being greasy at all
it easily soaks into the skin
disappears into my skin very quickly
so one small pea-sized pump was enough to moisturize my face
it is quickly absorbed into the skin
there is no greasy or oily residue
this product absorbs fast
the application is a thinner cream
within about 20 minutes of putting the emulsion on i find my skin to be baby soft
the pump is smooth
it goes on smoothly absorbs quickly
it goes on very soft and absorbs nicely.
it dries extremely quickly
i also noticed that once i applied my foundation after the emulsion
gently pat the product into my skin afterwards
it is my favorite emulsion out there
it cleans very gently with a luxurious lather
i splash water on my face
wipe away with a warm washcloth
get it to foam up so nicely
pores are noticeably smaller
it rinses off very well.
it's really gentle which cleans the skin without irritation or dryness
this stuff cleans deep in my pores
sweat my skin produces
doesn't leave any residue on my skin after rinsing
glide the product over my face
i then massage around my eyes so that my waterproof liner
all i need is a cotton swab to wipe around my eye
once on your face turns milky white
it melt away my waterproof makeup and lipstick.
it takes a lot of rubbing with a cotton ball
rinses off much easier
my pores aren't clogged anymore
rub on dry skin
add a little water as necessary to lather skin
then rinse with warm water
rather the oil turns a little milky
rinses off skin easily
i wear waterproof eye shadow
rub it on dry face
rinse with lukewarm water
it literally melts the make up away leaving a smooth canvas without drying out my skin
the scent washes away after you rinse the oil off
left my skin soft to the touch after rinsing off
then later add water to emulsify
it is an oil, but it rinses away effortlessly.
rinses off without leaving your face greasy either
it doesn't leave any residue on my skin after rinsing
other dirt without stripping away moisture from your skin
not strip it of its natural moisture
it washes off easily
when you rub it into your skin it pulls out the impurities of the day
this cleans well and leaves my skin soft.
like there is a thin gel layer between my fingers
it rinses completely clean though
"gently massaging" the oil over the face as described in the "how to use" video
grime in your pores
before using a bit of lukewarm water to gently massage your face in circular motion
this should produce a milky watery emulsion
then add a little water to get the product to really emulsify
mascara without leaving a residue or a trace behind
i clean it off with a wet face cloth.
it softly emulsifies the makeup on my face
i found it removes the makeup gently without drying out my skin
rinses off quickly with water and no oily residue
makeup simply dissolves in it's path with a little rubbing
rinse off with a light
it's also packaged with a matching rose gold applicator stick underneath
this products claims to keep moisture locked in for 12 hours
the cream itself is thick
s together to heat up my palms before applying the moisturizer helps it to sink into my skin
it seals in the moisture
you only need a tiny dollop once per day.
one pump covers my whole face easily.
it soaks in quickly
i'd have to apply another layer of powder
it takes a while to absorb into my skin
i like that it comes with a spatula to help prevent contamination
absorbs into the skin really well
if you use included spatula
instantly smooths out my lines
putting it on my palms
and i love the slot for the spatula.
it comes in a rose gold cylindrical container!!
it also comes with a teensie tiny spatula
apply it to my palms
rub my palms all over my face—lol
i appreciated that it came with its own spatula to minimize contamination from your fingers
to me it has helped minimize pores
then it "melts" into a really spreadable cream that i can rub into my face
it definitely provides over 12 hours of moisture!
it really cleans up black/white heads on
it takes forever to absorb
i notice that my pores are smaller
it disappears into your skin quickly
it gets so quickly absorbs
the serum absorbs very quickly
dab it all over the face so your skin will absorb it
essence by dispensing a tiny amount onto my fingertip
then gets absorbed by the skin leaving behind a moisturized
it glides onto skin.
it leaves a tacky feel at first then soaks into skin
one pump of this smooth light serum covers my whole face
dries quickly with no tackiness left on your face
it goes on light and absorbs quickly.
my pores are tighter
really nicely without any stickiness or gunk
one pump for your neck/chest
wrinkled on my forehead
dab it over my forehead
easily knead it into my skin
was with their essence sheet mask
really made my pores shrink
drowns in an ocean of milia/acne with heavy/oily/fragranced products
it eliminates dryness without clogging pores
it absorbs pretty fast
reapplied in the morning after i washed my face
when it comes to smoothing
hydrating with no greasy residue or irritants
on the upper lid
eliminates the small creases too.
some brightness to the lower lid
moistens away the appearance of fine lines
takes care of my drooping eyelids
it does reduce puffing
as well as smooths the eye area
brush on a bit of translucent powder before you apply liner
it definitely smooths fine lines
then remove the white plastic tube inside
unscrew the remaining top
get to the inside container
keep the product in your refrigerator
up the orbital bone to the brow
pro: smooths and balance your face.
immediately softens eye area.
clears the skin within 1-2 uses.
it makes the pores look instantly smaller
my pores were visibly smaller
once it begins to dry, it turns a green colour.
where your pores are
dirt deep within my pores to the surface which caused the small breakout
other impurities from the skin
it just gets rid of all the oils and gunk.
i usually use a nose
the container does dry out fast
it definitely accelerates the healing process with acne
my moisture masks vary
my pores feel cleaner
and makes the pores smaller.
it tightens your pores
it sucked all the sebum from my pores
it cleaned my skin good
it does have a burning sensation
it goes away as it dries
the mask burns a little as it dries
looks super cool when it dries
you can see all the gross stuff it sucked out of your pores on the surface
i've tried so many products for pores
it pulls the oils out of your pores
it burns at first
a bonus is that my pores look smaller.
along with the glam glow mud to foam cleanser which helps even more to easily remove the mask
your skin looks blackhead free
actually did shrink/degunk my pores in my first try
love how this mask dries very quickly.
you really see your gross pores
immediately after washing it off i notice my pores are tighter
also best applied with a brush not your fingers :
my pores are noticeably large
my pores were much smaller
the heat is unbearable
my pores look smaller afterwards
this mud mask strips everything
i mean everything from pores
my pores are almost invisible
when the mask is dry
you can see tiny dark dots where it has pulled the gunk out of the blackhead area
my giant pores had vanished
i simply rinsed it off in the shower
this mask made it feel like a vacuum cleaner cleared all the gunk out of my skin
the pores visibly smaller
you could see the oil drawn out from my pores on the dried mask
i rinsed the mask off
dabbing it on like painting with a paintbrush
it brings impurities to the surface
my problem is enlarged pores
my pores shrunk dramatically
grime out of your face
it clears up my blemishes and tightens my skin.
opening up my pores
once it dries down completely
makes my pores feel tighter after use.
my pores look like they reduced a bit
i tried using the charcoal body shop mask because it was similar
being that this does pull impurities
pulling all impurities to the surface
it helps remove all the excess oils from my face
open my pores enough to get the deep gunk out of my nose
use this after a shower as the steam will open up your pores
this helps me clear my pores
those "dry chunks" are green tea leaves
you can literally see the mask settling into your pores as it dries
it totally cleared out the gunk.
this clears up all my bumps
this mask seriously works and clears your pores!
this stuff is great at cleaning out clogged pores
leaves my pores clear
mouth area which is dry
my chin is dry
to clean my pesky nose pores since i was like 12
once i used the mask
my pores are super small
normally all rich creams give me large pores
absorbs into the skin very well
normal once the skin underneath is getting the moisture it needs
it quickly absorbs into my skin
feels light without clogging my pores
it provides lightweight moisture without making me oily
sinks in very quickly
i mix 2-3 drops of josie maran's light argan oil during winter
sinks in to the skin quickly
soaks in really fast.
more of a gel base rather than a thick cream
my skin just soaks this up
i find it soothes
clogged pores/blackheads that look like small raised bumps
absorbs quickly adding good moisture that stays for long enough time
it hydrates my skin so well after just one application in the morning it has dramatically reduced my breakouts
for those of you whose breakout stems from over drying your face with ace products leading to sebum over production
it just exacerbates my oiliness
i love how it hydrates my skin right away
it dries very quickly in between
to the point that it flakes despite how much i moisturized
it sinks in quickly without being greasy
once its in your skin the scent diffuses quite quickly
prevent flaking around my nose
with a more gel-like texture that absorbs nicely
it balances out my oily skin
it clogs my pores
my skin absorbed it quick
it is more of a liquify consistancy compared to their other creams
this actually repairs my damaged skin
it keeps my dry skin under control
absorbs relatively quickly for the amount of hydration it gives
not greasy at all once it absorbs
i love how it soaks in.
my pores also seem to look smaller
also retains moisture throughout the day
papery skin on my cheeks
it helps severely dry skin!!
does not peel or balling up when putting powder or foundation on
his forehead stays matte for about 5-6 hrs
it doesn't clump my powder
with other primers my face is visibly oily within 1
provides little to no moisture
those are the days i felt the pore clogging effects of the clinique product
my pore have shrunk
i've tried oil blotting papers.
the powder leaves your skin looking dry
plus it doesn't clog your pores!
on my oily spots
it instantly mattifies my skin
rids me of any grease
this keeps the oiliness at bay for most of the day
so the tube lasts forever
great for my oily skin when i use after anthony's toner pad
t's good for your cuticles
dry spots like elbows
really seep into the skin
the oil helps smooth out the layers of make up that i put on
then gently rub it in
my pores looked invisible
my pours are shrinking
my nail beds look fantastic
i usually like put a few drops onto my beauty blender
i add a few drops to the tip of my beauty blender
it smoothed it down
i've had oily to combo skin
oily in the summer
i also put a layer between primer
bonus no stinging or clogged pore feeling
it literally turns your face into a baby's bottom
to avoid the cakey look
i massage this into my damp hair before blow drying
my dry areas were healing and flake free.
i saw the texture on my forehead diminish
i originally bought this to put into my cream abh contour to make it more blendable
its great and keeps my lips moist.
when i use the matte lip glosses without this
my forever chapped lips are finally healing
this takes a longtime to fully soak in
doesn't leave such a sheen on my skin
puts back the moisturizer i washed away.
when my mascara dries out
does not settle in wrinkles or pores.
keeps you moist & dewey all day.
the oil absorbs into your skin very nicely
i used clinique moisture surge gel during the day
the moisture surge intense formula at night
i washed my face
i take 5 drops josie with 2 drops maracuja
massage it into my feet
i swear it makes my feet like silk
dipping a q-tip into 3 drops josie
if you use it like the instagram beauty gurus by dripping it down your cheeks
very large pores on my cheeks
moisturizes without making me break out
the oil actually heals it faster
mixes great with my anastasia cream contour pallet
it hydrates my skin at night without it looking greasy the next morning
or to moisten my dip brow every now
helps to minimize dark spots
i apply this right after i wash my face with the rainforest of the sea deep dive cleanser
accutane dries out your skin so much
was minimizing my pores
the oil helps to balance your skin out
my face is oily
this is great if you have ashy elbows
i like rubbing this on my lips before i put on a liquid lipstick for hydration
i used in my dry foots :
it's cleared my skin
this saturated into the skin nicely
argan oil i will pick argan because that is a must have for my dry frizzy hair
it's helped to manage my oily skin
it has taken his oily skin from unmanageable
it's just absorbs right into your skin
the sheen goes away after it's absorbed
word of caution for combination oily/dry skin
it helps to restore moisture
or i use it after i have exfoliated my face.
neck gently patting it into the skin
mouth -cold harsh temperatures outside
dry air has been drying up my skin
it spreads my foundation waayyy easier
it smoothes out any texture on the face
it adds a ton of extra moisture
dries fast and great under makeup.
this eye cream absorbs quickly
is eye lid safe
this cream works perfectly over my dry lids
not waxy at all
red palm oil eye cream
my face drinks this up without leaving a greasy residue
sometimes my skin dries out on my nose which causes my foundation to flake off
massage it onto my face
my face just soaked it up
doesnt make the foundation slide and melt.
i go to bed looking like a hot mess with dilated pores
a couple of pea-sized dabs take care of my face
it's not sticky and keeps my breakouts at bay!
melts into your skin beautifully
not greasy for oily skin
paired it with the supermud clearing treatment mask
absorbs fast with no heavy feel
it seems to instantly dissolve and improve skin.
the cream absorbs nicely on my skin
absorbing quickly on the skin without leaving a greasy feeling or causing breakouts on my oily
the smell fades as soon as the product sinks in
soaks right in to your skin.
it absorbed very fast
absorbs fast into the skin
doesnt leave an oily residue
my pores are smaller
the jar lasts forever
it just immediately sinks in the skin
i hate the germs/bacteria of a jar
i've gone through 4 jars of it
soaks in to my skin
it does absorb quickly.
won't clog up pores or make skin oily
it plumps my skin
minimizes the look of pores
no fouls smell, lightweight,not greasy.
emollient product that simply dab on with my finger
large pores are smoothed right after applications with no stinging
it helps prevent my makeup from creasing in them
visibly reduces lines/wrinkles
my skin is aging and drying.
i applied it to my forehead
creases on my forehead
i noticed immediately upon application underneath my eyes
because it melts in
you see how it hydrates without leaving oily or greasy eye
it just melts into your skin.
doesn't clump up or dry out during the day
completely smooths the lines around my eye.
i just pair it with my old eye cream for moisture
it really smooths the eye area
smooth, hides lines, soaks right in!
then absorbs right into skin
it absorbs right into your under-eye area
doesn't irritate my eyes.
absorbs quickly without greasy residue
yet it absorbs quickly
don't feel stickiness on my face
my skin peeled for a week
fills in fine lines so my concealer floats over them
it use it on my lids up to the brow as well
goes on in such a thin layer that is quickly absorbed
with no greasiness at all
doesn't irritate the skin or eyes
glides right onto the skin
i wash my face with either the tree oil face wash
the pigment was still there
i am talk indentation scars
doesn't clog my pours
i would put a glob of this stuff on the scar
this stuff is like liquid gold.
the rollerball massage flattened the scar
actually reduces the flare up
it healed so rapidly
the only drawback is the serum sometimes gets stuck when using the rollerball
pigment lightening serum to lighten it because it was not only protruding
leaves no residue behind
i've gone through 3 tubes now
fill out the depressions
just squeeze gently until a few small drops form around the roller ball
it dries within a minute
just use your fingers to rub it in.
ripped apart several times the serum heals
i love the rollerball applicator which is more effective than just rubbing it with your h
mostly shallow uncolored ?boxcar?
you push the gel through a rollerball
i am 46 with oily skin and sun damage on cheeks.
it has smoothed them
my pores are less noticeable
combo with dryer cheeks
i put a thin layer on after washing last night
soft on my cheeks and my nose was flake-free.
flaking on my cheeks
my pores have disappeared
filling to my mouth area wrinkles
it absorbs so well into my skin
the creases on my eyelids
hydrating the area near the corners of my mouth
non-drying and no flaky skin.
my pores have all
absorbs within a matter of a few minuets
only very minimal peeling
eventually transforms your skin--just stick with it
only need one small squirt for entire face.
my pores began to get visibly smaller
it absorbs well into my skin.
it relaxes the line
-- firming benefits with no peeling
no more burning or flaking
this is a step down from retina
it also makes my pores disappear!
also the air causes oxidation
it spreads quite easily
i will also do a disclaimer that i do use pore strips too to clean out my pores
as for pore minimizing
it definitely is pore minimizing
works wonders on pores
it is lightweight and absorbs easily.
also refines my pores in my t-zone
my pores started to become much more visible
have combination oily skin
it absorbs quickly, and feels non-greasy.
it also minimize the enlarged pores.
really helps pores and oiliness
my pores we already smaller.
combination skin that easily breaks out
less drying in the cheek area
only slightly more refined pores
just enough moisturizing without feeling greasy or clogging pores
it does absorb quickly.
my pores have diminished
shrinks the pores on your face- i have huge pores on my cheeks
the pores appear not there
i've tried all sorts of high end serums directed towards shrinking pores
it provide the moisture my skin needs
is minimizing my pores as we speak
you only need a tiny bit to smooth pores
this is a great gel that dries quick
i didn't notice my pores getting smaller
after a good facial wash this feels like a splash of water on my skin
moisture without heaviness or oil
it soaks right in
the salicylic acid helps refine pores
the gel absorbs quickly into my skin
it immediately begins to tingle
absorbed into my skin
it minimizes the appearance of pores
my skin finally calms down
my pores are barely visible
which i'm sure is helping my pores
i leave it on my face for 5 minutes then rub extra virgin coconut oil into skin on top of peel
then algenist pore corrector gel
oily skin under control
along with large pores on my nose
my pores did shrink a bit
so my main concern is enlarged pores
won't clog your pores
also smoothed out pores around my nose
it even unclog my pores
my pores are near invisible
this product absorbed well into my skin
gives pores a tightened appearance
my foundation either melted away or looked oily
how quickly my skin absorbs it
oil/pore minimizing tech
pores are starting to look smaller
my pores, especially on my nose, look smaller.
have selectively applied a slight amount over my pores
this gel absorbs quickly leaving no sticky
helps control my oily skin without drying it
this product absorbs quickly
leaves no residue on your face
i normally use ddf dew
my pores on my cheeks keep stretching larger
it does absorb quickly
your skin soaks it right up
helps pores stay clear
it's perfectly formulated to give my skin the proper amount of moisture
it helps with the oily skin throughout the day
my pores shrank some
in addition to shrinkage in the size of my pores
when it comes to our pores us woman
really really struggle to find a product to shrink or pores
or didnt minimize pore appearance
it covers up pores
i don't have huge pores
my pores after one usage have shrunk!
to shrink my large pores
the pores are not completely unclogged
my pores are much smaller
my pores are shrinking
noticed larger pores around my nose
the pores are nearly gone
completely reduced a deep wrinkle
the serum also absorbs almost instantaneously.
firmness is gradually diminishing
you have to use your fingers on the straw
loved this eye serum because it tightens
smooths within a month i saw a difference
doesn't irritate my eyes
it wakes your eyes up!
is absorbed very quickly
bye bye to crepe papery lids and under eye area.
blood pools in your face overnight
the dark bottle protects the ingredients from light
this has smoothed out my crapey lids
this really smooths under eye lines
prevent evaporation?i've barely used the product
absorbs fast and feels cool.
it's a goopy serum that absorbs completely in about 30 seconds
i give it time to soak in before putting a dab of moisture on top
it soaks in very quickly
leaves no sticky or shiny/oily residue
it would neutralize the burning sensation
small dot every day=each glass pump jar lasts a few months
used delicate eye care cream
and burn on my eyes .
that the retinol would help to "build/thicken" that skin so they aren't as noticeable
i also use his peel pads.
this applies easily with your fingers
not too laden with silicone
it really smoothes fine lines
absorbed nicely into the skin
doesn't leave a greasy residue
slow down on applications if it irritates or dries you out
it absorbs fast is not greasy
i've spent a lot of time in direct sunlight without sunscreen
works best when stored in fridge
it "de-puffs" your eye area
your under eyes feel super quenched
not oily at all and absorbs quickly.
it helps pump up fine lines
it really only takes a small dab
even before my make up just to prevent creasing in my eyes
i love the way it smoothes out the crepiness of my eyelids before i applyshadow
it temporarily brightens the area.
love how it absorbs
it does not clog any pores around my eyes
under my brow bone
it rubs in really well
it soaks in pretty quick
almost all eye creams make my eyes watery
moisturises under my eyes like it's no body's business
takes about 5-10 minutes to fully absorb into the skin
it melts in your skin
so i got the larger tub.
after you've cleared up your flaking
plus i really didn't like the oil stains that it left on my pillow sheets
this absorbs way faster (no pillow stains!)
chapped skin around my nose
the brush would lift off all these "flakes"
while this is thick like petroleum jelly
it melts at skin temperature
t spreads without rubbing
for chapped lips or under matte
the requisite nose-blowing
damage that kleenex wrought on my skin
the "cream" starts to liquefy at body temperature
the viscosity depends on the temperature kept at: it's pretty watery if kept in warmer environment
it also clears up pimples super fast
can permeate the skin better!
dabbed it on the dry patch before bed
the dry patch just peeled off
it gives your lips and extra boost of moisture.
this soaks into the dry skin
keeps lips from splitting if you laugh or sneeze
those pesky dry patches that require constant exfoliation disappear with regular use
that disappears when rubbed in
leading me to believe it was just not 100% emulsified
lightweight in 1-2pumps the infinity will sink into ur skin for a natural or beneath any makeup perfect skin it doesn't stay greasy
this cream absorbs well
it also soothes difficult dry patches
i even apply it to my lips
it soaks into my skin
not in a goopy heavy way
not greasy as it absorbs amazingly well
probably due to the moisture
around zero degrees fahrenheit with snow
i don't flake or peel anymore.
apply on dry hair avoiding root areas
i love the way it absorbs into my skin
i applied it on dry patches only
i've used it on my lips
definitely replenishes skin after long flights
without the worry of spilling the oil in my suitcase
it completely eliminates the red bumps along with any itchy-ness
how quickly it sinks into my skin
dripped out as oil
plus it only takes a tiny amount to condition your lips
i dab some on my lips
then use a toothbrush to gently brush off the dry skin
i gently dab some on
dab a little on the dry areas
lips to prevent cold burn while walking
its actually perfect for my tattoo as it heals
the air is full of pollutants
(her body butter is to die for.)
especially around my cuticles
i don't use it on my face because it contains tangerine peel oil
it needs applying pretty frequently as it slips/wears quickly
it's almost completely helped to repair any peeling
s through my hair from mid-shaft to ends
works great on dry patches
even that sinks in quicker
instantly relieved wind chapped
even tried massaging with olive oil
it melts into your skin
absorbs very quickly into the skin
the creamy oil itself glides on your skin like
for me- the texture is like a shiny vaseline.
also on my neck, cuticles, and elbows.
i love how it just melts into my skin
i keep a tube everywhere.
i also use this for dry elbows/knees/h
bye to dry chapped lips.
i also use it on my cuticles
i absolutely hated that it has these little microscopic granules
this cream significantly reduces the puff
i also apply it to my elbows
it really adds more moisture
when i'm done with my face i rub any excess into my cuticles
i even used it on my boyfriend's dried elbows
clogged up my sink when i rinsed my h
doesn't clog the drain
it looks more like petroleum jelly
it literally melted into my skin
i also used to smooth the oil into my eyelash line
suffocating even on my dry
it refreshes the eyes
it only takes a dab though
it takes forever to rub in
easy to spread evenly on my skin
my skin becomes dry again
the cream really absorbs into your skin it doesn't just sit on the surface
if you touched your skin scrub your dead skin.
it greatly improves pores
helps with dry skin around the eyes
immediately my eyes started watering
the water from the puffiness had to drain out
absorbs into the skin
clinique's repairwear laser focus wrinkle correcting eye cream absorbs very quickly
goes on smooth, not greasy and absorbs into skin.
non-sticky cream glides on
smooths out the fine lines for the day
t still absorbs well into the skin
can be used on the lids
even with lots of powder
soaks right into the skin
filled in those deep depressions
this eye cream does a good job of filling in the small wrinkles
it smooths my fine lines
it absorbs super fast
within 5-10 minutes it sinks into your skin
it's not oily or grease or to watery thin
it soaks into my skin in such a short time
yet dryer skin now that i'm 36
dries right into my skin
i build it layer by layer instead of slicking it on heavy at first
it sinks into your skin
this calms it immediately
the moisture surge intense cream during the day
i've tried all of the moisture surge line
moisture surge intense cream for day during the colder months
used many moisture masks before
i can see the mask melts into my skin
my skin looks pumped
also doesn't leave residue on my pillow
sticky on my face
the product absorbs fairly quickly
it delivers lasting moisture and isn't too heavy.
sometimes it has some oily residue
have oily skin overall
dry heat in my office
it's not greasy and really soaked into the skin.
this mask has a thicker
i wake up with moist skin
absorbs nicely into the skin
tested the product on my fingers
keep control of shine/oil
my skin is prone to clogging too
this product does not clog pores
not worry about it wrecking my skin or clogging my pores
the combo works great for dry skin with a muslin cloth
quickly washed it off
as soon as i put on the moisture surge mask
through out the day my skin dries
makeup clings to thise patches
there is no oily or shiny coating after application
my skin automatically soaks it up
i used it only at night because it absorbs slowly
when i used it right after a mud or peel off mask
helps with the flakes!
it sinks in quickly
this delivers enough moisture without clogging my pores
just apply on bare, cleansed skin?
a "mask" is something you apply in a fairly thick layer
with enough moisture on my skin
it won't clog pores
this moisture surge overnight mask works well for me
it absorbs into the skin fairly quickly.
the brush it comes with rocks
cliniques mask absorbs beautifully
it absorbs quickly into my skin i feel
not to mention our wall to wall carpeting sucks any moisture out of the air
not greasy, soaks in and hydrates.
sinks right into my skin
i love the moisture surge gel
the brush applicator just makes it so much easier
even though the masks dries down
my pores are noticeably smaller
it pulls the dirt
oil out of your pores without being drying or harsh
this mud mask softened
the mud is soft
i love this mud mask
i even noticed it cleaned out my blackheads a bit
best mud mask out there!
minimizes pores and keeps skin smooth and clear!
the brush is soft
i needed a new mud mask
as it becomes too thick
it felt like removing layers of frosting.
just put it in a plastic baggy
unlike most mud masks that dries you out
it's even more efficient than nose strips
store in a ziplock bag
also make sure to wash the brush between applications
placed in snack baggie for reuse
this mask gets rid of my muddy/ruddiness
dries relatively quick without irritating my skin or eyes
really good quality mud mask as it helps unclog pores without over drying skin
i pop them into a small container
it reduces the appearance of the pores on my nose
its makes pores smaller
the brush is super soft and rinses clean easily.
it cleans the small spots without dehydrate my skin
the brush is well made
helps applying the masque evenly
the application brush helps put the mud into all corners
it does what it says it does: purifies.
it doesn't stain my pillow
the product itself is a medium weight type mud masque
i fold the foil lid back down
seal it with a bit of parafilm
while this masque doesn't pull the gunk out of pores in the usual visible way
i always rinse using a wash cloth because afterwards there is gunk that’s been pulled to the surface of my skin
will often follow the masque with a nose pore strip or a baking powder scrub
once i rinse off the mask my skin looks refined
the mud is not too drying
my pores look cleaner
pores were visibly smaller
the brush they provide had really soft bristles
the pod packaging is difficult to reseal
love the applicator brush.
the separate packages prevent the clay from drying out
the brush is amazing
the golden root really do help minimize pores after just one use
i washed it off
immediately saw clearer pores
covering in foil keeps fresh between masks.
my skin glows and pores are diminishing.
this mud mask is totally different
the actual product does what it claims to do: it minimizes pores
my pores are noticeably smaller
it comes off easily with water and a washcloth.
it dries off fast
the mask clears pores like a wonder
it removes quickly after 10 minutes on your skin
exfoliated a lot of the dry patches
it calms my skin and really purifies it.
i imagine in a day or two the oils in my pores will oxidize
a wonderful applicator brush i now use for all my mask applications
between uses i put the pod in a plastic zip lock bag
the leftover ended up drying in my fridge
really enjoy mud masks
one tub goes a long way.
unlike most other mud masks
i put the remaining leftover in a travel resealable jar
my pores look smaller
i really love this mud mask!
soft after i washed it off
my pores are noticeable smaller
the brush is soft.
puffy before the mask
my pores were huge
no more blemishes and clogged pores.
neck with the brush
i applied the whole pod onto my face with the super soft brush
doesn't take every washcloth in the house to remove
dry patches as well
blackheads began loosening immediately after removing the mask
the brush is a plus
i think it makes my pores smaller
this mud mask has really helped to tighten my pores
it makes pores appear smaller for a few days
every time i use this my pores get smaller
my skin feels smother
my pores look smaller
keep in a small plastic bag
especially when using the application brush
as mentioned it warms a little
which really helps in melting clogs in the pores
using it along with this purifying mask my skin as literally become flawless
usually after i wash off a mud mask my face feels dry
pulls all the whiteheads to the surface.
deep penetrate your skin
it goes on smoothly with the application brush
i got 2-3 uses from one container by sealing it tightly
just seal the pod in a plastic bag
while i'm sure it cleans
it purifies your skin
in the end it will definitely help your clogged pores
used after a laser peel with great result.
sealing the pod in a ziploc baggie to keep it from drying out
the application brush is fun
the first time i used the mask it literally sucked the clogs
my cheeks were glowing right after i rinsed off the mask
instantly soothes your blemishes
when ready to remove the mask just rub off with a moist washcloth
even clears more pores
it doesn't even feel like a typical mud masque
it plumps those fine lines!!
does not clog my pores
which i have never experienced with another overnight moisturizer without it clogging my pores
absorbs beautifully into my skin.
it locks in moisture so well
the texture is a lot like a silicone primer.
it takes about 2 pumps to cover your face.
matte foundation that often dries my skin out in places
my skin dries out
really dry on my cheeks
cut this tube open
it feels sticky at first but absorbs well.
it also absorbs nicely
yet it absorbs pretty quickly.
it dissipates quickly so no worries there
seems to penetrate the top layer of skin.
here's my quick take:pros-it feels like it penetrates several layers of skin
it does absorb quickly
it’s not as good as the recharging night moisture
doesn't clog your pores
it doesn't sink into your skin as well as the old boscia recharging night moisture
doesn't leave gunk on my pillow :
absolutely zero dry patches
how quickly it absorbed
it absorbs into the skin fast
boscia's applicator is a small pump with tiny opening
it is a basic glass jar
the applicator is a mess
boscia's product beats out murad perfecting night cream
it won't accidentaly goo nor break.
it is lightweight and absorbs quickly.
leaving a whitish tinge to your skin
it goes on smooth as it is a pretty viscose liquid
this sinks into the skin very quickly
to add some more moisture to my face
combined with my oily skin
it blends into the skin very fast.
it dries to a matte feeling on the skin which i love
it absorbs so well into my skin
it sinks in quickly
doesn't clog my pores
it goes on like satin hydrates my skin with no white residue
it is quickly absorbed so applying cc cream or foundation is done quickly
this is light weight and dries fast.
it absorbs right in
it dries fairly quick once applied
it does not leave a whitish pallor.
oily t-zone with a few dry patches
moisture for the oilier parts of my face
so having a lightweight moisturizer that doesn't my clog my pores
it absorbs ridiculously quickly
it absorbs right away and it is light.
the bonus is that it protects my skin from the sun
not oily or sticky in texture.
the container is annoying
every moisturizer i've ever used has either clogged my pores
it goes on smoothly and absorbs quickly.
it doesn't leave a greasy residue.
this lightweight moisturizer absorbs easily into my dry/sensitive skin while offering great sun protection
oily skin in s
i love the pump dispenser in the tube
doubled for a primer for my urban decay naked foundation
doesn't clog the pores
i like how this absorbs nicely
patted on to the skin after your serum
coat your face at night
does not clog pores
absorbs quickly and doesn't leave my skin oily.
it absorbs super fast into the skin
immediately it absorbed into my skin
it absorbs very quickly
the bottle runs out so quickly because it easily absorbs on my fingers
oily skin that also gets dry patches in the winter
keeping the oily areas shine-free
it just sits on the surface of my skin
it works wonders on my oily skin
retains moisture for a full day
it didn't leave a heavy layer on top of the skin
i love that this mask is easily absorbed
hydrates skin without leaving your face feeling greasy
many products either leave my pores clogged or have created breakouts
then rinse off with cool water
leaves your skin moisture
then rinse it out
keeps my face from getting oily
turns out i'm normal to dry
i don't find it greasy and it absorbs well.
also for my oily hot spots in my nasal
absorbs quickly into the skin
this really sinks into your skin
i usually apply 2 drops on my blender that contains a couple of drops from my foundation
struggle with finding ways to moisturize without clogging my pores
it makes your skin glow and absorbs easily!
the moister lasts for hours too!
i dumped the astringent completely.
absorbs into my face like a dream
it sinks in quickly
this doesn't leave a film or gunk up my pores at all
i love using this product to take off my lip stains
it also moisturizes my lips at the same time
lipstick glides on and stays put now.
and with it brings nasty dry skin.
it saves my skin
the silver plastic-y lid became unglued to the rubber dropper within the first three weeks of purchase which made it impossible to unscrew the lid
soaks in quickly enough
you drop a couple of drops on your fingers rub it on your fingers then pat it on your skin
i've noticed that it takes a while to fully absorb into my skin
kept my makeup from turning into a grease trap
get super dry on my forehead
it goes on seamlessly
apply on dryer areas of the face.
it does gets absorbed quickly
restore it's natural moisture barrier
luckily it doesn't clog my pores which i love
stays matted throughout most of the day
get dry patches on my cheeks
the moisture lasts all day
my skin always breaks out with oils
my forehead/nose hasn't seen a dry flake in days
not greasy, no clogged pores.
it absorbs into the skin
reactive/flushes red in yet others
it nourishes my skin
blends in without an oily finish
then use the boscia deep moisture mask
if i'm feeling extra dry i put on the fab moisturizer underneath before dabbing this on top
it's a "dry" oil as it soaks in really well
this cools the redness
or scratch my scalp i dab this oil anywhere i have touched
highlighted hair glisten after washing it out
so my skin is dying after showering
it absorbs pretty quickly
once in a while i add drops in my body cream
used literally 1/10 of the bottle
dry around the edges of my lips
my skin just soaks it up
my pores look smaller
depending on my skin's moisture need
it sinks into my combo
retain moisture after cleansing
helps prevent free radicals and builds collagen
this soft moist cleanser cleans so well
it's dry in the cheeks and oily everywhere else.
as opposed to keep washing with water only
cleared up my sometimes dry blotchy
my skin is clean, fresh and non drying.
it foams up very easily
cleanses your face really well
the tiniest amount goes a long way to lather
a very tiny dot cleans my whole face.
a dab works really well on a clarisonic brush or on fingertips
still cleans skin gently
just a dab makes a rich
only a small dab needed.
it rinses off clean
it also fades quickly
sinks right into my skin
feels amazing on dry/irritated or even sun burnt skin
just sinks in and moisturisation lasts all day.
easy to apply--it just glides on
it absorbs quickly and sits well under makeup.
it absorbs quickly because it's a gel
to the point i can rub the dry flakes off of my forehead
the product is the gel consistency that soaked in my skin quickly
my face gets red after washing
the smell fades quickly
absorbs quickly, no heavy residue.
residual perspiration can sting
this absorbs solo quick into the skin
i absorbs so quickly into your skin
the cooling effect of the cucumber is ideal for this summer heat
it doesn't leave a residue
the liquid is a little bit sticky
my entire face peels off
apply my bare minerals complexion rescue
it's cooling and fresh on the skin
it does absorb quickly
i love the moisture this instantly gives.
it absorbs very well.
my skin tends to be on the dryer side
the gel makes it slick against the skin
my pores don't get clogged
can tell my skins texture has slowly
nice and lightweight and absorbs fairly quickly.
the clay one sucked up the oil more
the smell goes away quickly after it's absorbed
with a mild combo of oily/dry
i used clinique's moisture surge gel
it stays moist and tacky.
it gently cleanses your skin removing impurities
can massage the foam into my face for about a full 60 seconds
not good at removing oil debris
plus with my combination skin of oily
then when all the gunk
the foam is a little watery
it comes out as a foam
how foamy it gets when dispensed
use it with the boscia sponge
rose water clouds on your face
mostly it thoroughly cleanses my skin without making it dry
the pump dispenses a fluffy foam
which eventually thins out on your face
haven't experienced any white residue or peeling
a problem i encountered with l'occitane's as well as many other foaming washes
i mix it into my serum and it absorbs so easily !
it absorbs into the skin quickly
while the product does stain
really massage the oil into your face the orange tint is less likely to stain your pillow case
really takes time to absorb into the skin
my pores are shrinking
i love to slather my neck
once rubbed into the skin that goes away
this absorbs completely when i use it with my serum
it softens my skin's texture specially when i get a little dry by regular use exfoliants
the product does not clog my pores
like with foundation with mineral veil
it won't be damaging your skin with toxins.
after that it feels as though it absorbs into my skin
s together to heat the oil
then rub it in
on the oily side
the product helps to lock in moisture
this stuff helps heal the skin faster
it won't stain your pillow
also smooths my skin
this oil improves my skins function
when i apply this oil it disappears into my skin
it melts into the skin beautifully
truth sugar glow polishing mask 3.
this completely clears my skin up as well as lightens any discoloration
absorbs well, not too oily.
my skin no longer flakes
followed by this oil then i apply my bare minerals eye cream
it completely dried my cheeks out
the peel just totally stripped my skin
my cheeks were dry
the oil just sinks in overnight
it takes your skin 2 weeks to regenerate
i combined this with the korres rose peel
then the oil combined with a thick layer of yu-be under my eyes
the bottle dispenses just the right amount
the smell dissipates quickly
leaves an oil stain
my skin absorbs this pretty quickly
absorbs quickly into my skin.
the texture is light and absorbs quickly.
allows my cover up to glide on
i apply the velvety-smooth cream onto my orbital bone
it absorbs in beautifully
to mitigate the corner wrinkles starting to intrude
lip contour regenerating cream
compared to the shiseido benefiance wrinkleresist24 intensive eye contour cream
hydrate the eye area so that my layers of color correctors
absorbed quickly, under eye area feels smooth.
it's the perfect amount of moisture
it absorbs quickly and is not greasy.
it also has a hygienic pump bottle so my fingers do not contaminate the product
make my eyes water
softens the fine lines
a tiny dab goes a long way
it does absorb nicely
seems to absorb into the skin quickly
absorbs fairly quickly is perfect
plumps up the skin
takes forever to absorb into my skin
melt it to layer on my skin
a tiny bit melts into the skin
not heavy at all and absorbs quickly!
need a bit more moisture than the pad version
when combined with sunscreen it protects the skin from the damaging effects of the sun
it soaks right in
my skin got clogged
it works fast and absorbs quickly into the skin!
i guess the potency evaporates or something
how quick this absorbs into the skin
soaks in to my skin fairly fast
the jar made it really easy to just tap my fingertip into the product
it absorbs extra oil in my skin
it sinks into the skin quickly
not sticky on the skin
i like that it absorbs quickly
absorbs so so quickly
it leaves no residue or film on the face.
oily on my nose
it leaves my dry patches moist
flake free while keeping my oily patches from over-oiling
my pores are roughly the same visibility
absorbs into the skin quickly
my skin tends to dry up in the winter requiring a heavier moisturizer
it hydrates without being too heavy
it sinks in and keeps my skin dewy.
fast absorbing moisture under makeup
it absorbs quickly into skin
there is no residue leftover after using the cream
it absorbs nicely into the skin
by day 2 it soaked into my skin
i loved unscrewing the lid
your skin absorbs it so fast
it soaks nicely into the skin
when applied has a nice fresh cooling sensation
more like orange peels
this moisturizer absorbs very quickly into skin
absorbs quickly without making you greasy
i love how it dries
i can see the pores become small.
since my pores are large
have medium to larger size pores on my cheeks
get nothing on the tissue
even canvas for application, blurs pores, love it
my skin is dry and maturing.
pores were gone when using this
it still effectively fills in my pores
after using it daily i did find that it minimized my pores
while oily in others
this primer controls oil on my teenager's nose
this one is by far the best for filling pores
best primer for pores!!
most of the other primers can tend to clog pores
the salicylic acid in this does just the opposite
it absorbs my oils
fills in my pores
smooths face i wear it alone with no foundation sometimes
without adding color or stickiness
it really helps smooth my pores out
with out closing your pores
however the pore blurring
non-sticky/greasy/shiny
to correct for my pores with products is tricky because most pore correcting products dry you out more
i usually have huge pores
this stuff minimizes them
a lot of pore-correcting primers are targeted to oily skin types or have a silicone feel that makes my skin look flaky
while not only filling in pores
great for large pores on my nose
i blended the streaks with my finger
i unfortunately struggle with large pores
it has minimized the look of my pores on my nose
of course my pores get more visible
not spongy or soggy
it makes my skin feel like silk after it dries
my pores a little less annoying
though it's without silicone
it keeps foundation on like glue
just a bit melts into the skin
the pores are really gone
promises to reduce the size of my pores
definitely smooths the skin!
lessens fine wrinkles and pores appear smaller!
it does minimize my pores
smoothed out very easily
i wiped my face with a terrific toner
and it was basically just silicone.
it also makes the cell walls of your pores stronger hence making large pores virtually invisible
protected without feeljng greasy or sticky
since i've oily combo skin
normally all rich creams give me large pores
my pores are incredibly tiny
it dries very fast
this serum smoothed out fine lines
is liquid gold too
yet also dries out easily on the surface
i've found primers to look thick/cakey on me
my pores appear smaller
i can see my skin tightens in 3 seconds after applying this product
my pores seemed larger
my pores look significantly smaller
it softens fine lines
pores look smaller,too.
my pores are non existent
peeling will eventually go away with retinol products
smooths the texture of my skin
my skin burns very easily
my enlarge pores seems much smaller
it absorbs into the skin so well
the combination eaves my skin firmer
the product absorbs quickly
my pores have shrunk
it takes only such a tiny drip
helped with my pores
absorbs fast, firms skin well.
clogging deep in my pores that finally came to the surface
it absorbs quickly and has no noticeable smell.
my pores are much smaller
i look to see if it absorbs quickly for my combo skin
it helps keep the flakiness at bay
my skin flakes off my foundation all the time
she said a night cream releases moisture over time
it solved my dry patches
did not cause any clogged pores
dry out my skin
not goopy or sticky
it eliminates any under-the-surface pimples
i slather it on before bed
super soft with the teeniest pores ever
it absorbs into the skin
it is not pore clogging
it absorbs beautifully into the skin.
the cream has actually cleared up my forever clogged pores on my nose
i do feel like it smooths out fine lines
this absorbs into my skin so nicely
night to combat dry skin
i find this product calms
my pores were tighter
absorbs nicely into the skin
my skin breaks out occasionally
i apply after cleansing at night while the skin is still slightly moist
my skin soaks it up
soaks in pretty fast
it soaks right n
no flakes or peeling
causing my makeup to look flaky
i love that this soaks in quickly
and my pores became smaller.
my face easily absorbs it up
took advantage of my pouts
it stops breakout and absorbs quickly.
when exposure to air-conditioning combined with 3-digit temperatures leaves my face so dried out
irritated i sometimes wake up rubbing my face uselessly against the bed linens
my nose still gets oily
requires blotting through the day
it definitely tightens my pores
as for making pores less visible
i put this on my fresh cleansed skin, 3 drops.
rub the oil in your palms and pat onto your face.
my pores have tightened
it helps keep oil at bay
it's lightweight and does not clog your pores.
warm up just one-two drops of this oil with a small amount of moisturizer with my fingers
i feel this absorbs completely info your skin
release onto my cheeks
then absorbs nicely leaving soft skin
i pat this oil on my cheeks
then lay a tissue over application to absorb excess
t soaks into my skin
has also tightened my pores
seems to help loosen stubborn clogs/blackheads on my nose so they are easier to extract
without a lot of harsh scrubbing or stripping of the skin with strong products
using the wrong product will clog my pores
pressing the oil on to my skin
or clogged pores on my nose
three drops of this patted onto my skin works beautifully
protects my skin from wind
not only does this clear clogged pores
it clears my skin without drying it out.
this oil is fab for oily skin
as a result it dried out my skin
visible pores on the side of my nose
this product did not make my pores disappear
suck up all the excess oil
oil beats oil best
it really does seal in the moisture without being occlusive
i avoid the sun
it absorbs into my skin quickly
takes some time to absorb
the eudermine essence really helps this thick cream absorb into the skin if applied right beforeh
rationed amounts of clean water
rich cream absorbs easily
not oily or greasy
it does not coat your skin
it just sinks in
this smooths out the texture of my skin
it's cool, cushiony and absorbs quickly.
never lick my lips
to be used during sunlight-daytime
it spreads evenly and gives a glow to my face.
it doesn't cause any clogged pores or breakouts.
the moisture in my skin has really evened out
plumps up the skin
i noted some reviews described a milky/chalky residue
it absorbs almost immediately
as in burning sensation
absorbs quickly into my skin
absorbs nicely into skin
this soaks into the skin
this was light and doesnt clog my pores.
this sinks into the skin
i love the way it absorbs on the skin
protects against the sun
it is also the only product with sunscreen that has not clogged my pores
protects my skin from the sun exactly as advertised
like soft whipped cream
the sunscreen leaves no visible whiteness or ashiness
absorbs quickly with no white cast
i used up the jar
it doesn't clog my pores
tend to be more oily in the summer this absorbs nicely
can dry out easily at my jawline
the remainder at the bottom of the jar looks really degraded
disappears into your skin
i love this sunscreen because it's whipped texture protects my 30-something face without a greasy residue
this really absorbs quickly
it keeps my oily skin moisturized without making it produce more oil
it goes on soft, no white residue.
sinks right into the skin
no clogged pores or breakouts.. (a miracle..)
then layered with another
i love how quickly it absorbs!
it absorbs super fast
t isn't leaving your skin sticky or slimy/oily
it's also eradicated my adult acne by whisking away dead cells that could normally fall into my pores
i've used a q-tip to dab it onto my face since the dropper is gone
it restores the elastic look
smoothing out the skin
it dries quickly after application.
large pores around my nose
the pores around my nose are shrinking
only thing around that will minimize my pores
the treatments left me with enlarged pores
ingrown hairs from where i had waxed before the treatments
neck with half the amount the dropper fills for you
i can say that it absorbs quickly
have pale olive skin which goes ash
this serum penetrates skin
for normal-oily skin
layers beautifully under makeup
my pores are smaller
my skin smoothed out
the applicator dispenses the perfect amount each time
it absorbs super fast
because i hate to wake up with product staining my pillowcase
as soon as i use it i see my pores shrink
pores that kept growing
after the first day of using this product the pores on my cheeks looked smaller
smooths out fine lines
adds moisture to skin without being greasy
smoothing out fine lines
i also like that this product absorbs quickly
has better moisture effect
because it can clog the occasional pore
i love how it absorbs quickly
it dries so quickly
i think it helps to make my pores smaller
normal skin when it's bare.
it refines my pores
my pores less visible
my pores were visible again
leaves your skin like silk
visible veins on my face
penetrates quickly to produce immediate results.
i discovered that the upper lid gel works extremely well at keeping my eyelid dry
it absorbs so quickly
my upper lids are smoother
it does lift my eye lids and opens up my eyes.
you only need a little on lids and undereye.
hopefully yhid takes care of the crepiness of lids
it is working beautifully to reduce surface dryness
rub them to heat it
it heals them quickly
i've also used it on scratches
it sinks into my skin
condition skin after my weekly peels
the scent dissipates in five minutes or so.
dab it in as it smooths
gives extra moisture to those areas
this oil instantly soothes the irritation
it all soaks into the skin
i really like the rollerball applicator because it is compact
as though the nutrients have penetrated the deepest layer of my skin
dry patches are smoothed over
the combination of the cool metal roller
gently massage it into my skin
it healed her skin miraculously
warm the 2 in the palms of my h
perfectly hydrating without clogging pores or making you shiny
hydrates in 20 minutes flat
so soft and smooth the minute i rinsed it off.
my pores looked smaller after 1 use.
shrunk my pores near my nose
my pores are definitely gone after using this mask
this mask removed the little flakes i had on my forehead
a very slippery watery jelly
the gross scabby texture on my forehead was gone!
even-toned skin is what i wake up to the morning after using this magic goop
i put a dab on those hard to surface red pimples
a thin layer of this mask is all you'll need.
smooths my skin with effects lasting for quite a while
i wear a thin layer overnight about once a week
who has very large pores
after leaving a generous layer on my skin for 15-20 minutes then washing off with warm water
i could feel it tightening my pores as it dried.
instantly see the glow on my face it dries sticky i leave it over night
my pores were tightened
more gentle version of the glamglow clearing mask
my skin often gets irritated from using different peels
it helped to clear my pores
as it dries it has a cooling effect
when i rinsed off
it dries to a film-like mask
soft after i rinsed it off
the directions say to apply a thick layer
i tried using a thin layer
glowed after i rinsed of the mask
it's easy to rinse off
i've tried many different types of peels
absorbs nicely and is not greasy at all.
sinks into my skin quickly
my pours have very much minimized
you only need one squirt of it
it absorbs very fast
tend to get clogged pores resulting in little bumps
it absorbs really well
leaves my skin nice and soft, gently resurfaced.
cell turn over slows down as we age
all these guys remove layers of dead cells sitting on top of our skin
we have over 30 layers of dead cells
mosturizers to really penetrate into the skin
dry up your skin
gentle yet effectively will remove a good amount of debris every morning
guaranteeing that the rest of your skincare penetrates deeply into your skin
the use of this product will shrink your pores
love the softness it leaves after i wash it off
love the way the product smooths
as soon as i rinsed my face
continue to rub until the formula starts to dissolve
clear without any drying side effects
the pores are gone
using it on dry skin
this cleanser's natural microbeads are so finely milled that you will not damage your skin
extremely effective in cleaning out my pores
this soothes it, instantly.
my pores are smaller.
with pores getting clogged very easily
then rinse off with warm water
this cleanser contains tiny particles that need to be massaged to be activated
i never use gritty scrubs on my skin
however this does not contain plastic particles
then removing it with a washcloth
it has small granules that don't irritate my skin
slough off dead skin cells
it cleanses deeply without drying my skin
it's in a glass bottle with a pump.
it lathers up a little with water.
my pores are smaller
with tiny beads that don't tear your skin off
no big scratchy particles tearing up your skin
not scraping the skin of its natural moisture
it also helps with the blood circulation in my face
it leaves my skin with an intact
my skin clogs very easily
it drips out quickly when you are trying to close it with the twisting cap
because the product is thicker
instantly plumps out skin which diminishes the appearance of fine lines
the smell fades within a few minutes of use
this adds enough moisture
it doesn't irritate the skin
is mat when it dries
my 40 year old skin soaks it up
due to the waxy consistency
it has a matte finish when it absorbs.
my cheeks break out
not from any glitter flecks
the green glass bottle with the pump keeps the serum fresh
my skin soaks it up
thick without clogging pores
warm to hot water can help circulate blood especially near dark eye circles
this product minimizes my under-eye darkness
the roller makes for quick
the cool treatment quickly relieves the under eye bags i sometimes wake up with
the product goes on easily and dries quickly.
let it adsorb in 5 minutes or so
it adsorbs into tbe skin slowly
putting it in the fridge
no puffery on my upper eyelids eliminates my puffy eyelids in minutes
it de-puffs instantly and absorbs quickly.
this treatment instantly cools
goes on crystal clear
very dry skin types might experiment with layering another eye cream on top
aside from a cooling sensation
the chilled gel reduces puffiness
however i'm used to rubbing it in gently in circles
patting my skin lightly until it is absorbed
gently pat it in
just glades onto the skin
i didn't experience any clogged pores/oiliness
it becomes very foamy and soft.
it jiggles if you shake the jar
*makes it easier to apply thick foundations/concealers for spot treating
this face wash is gentle
a tiny dot creates a thick rich lather with a faint fresh smell
this product rinses easily
completely with no residue
my dry patches resolved
this face wash is so gentle
i love this cleanser because it's more like a dense foam
it works great with a clarisonic because it doesn't foam up uncontrollably
i like the foam
cleans without making my face dry
aka no foundation residue when i swipe a cotton ball with toner
this cleanser has effectively lessened the oiliness of my t-zone to a minimum
it cleanses my entire face
it makes a soft foam
this does blurr my pores
love this product it gets absorbed quickly by the skin
its my favorite moisture!
gives just right amount of moisture for my combination skin
with this moisturizer i don't have any problem of clogged pores
didn't clog my pores or anything like that
this stays despite the sweat
i layer it under my algenist daily
it soaks in within 5 minutes
then blot off shine
n reeeeally feel my forehead lines are dissipate
this stuff is liquid gold.
it keeps my weird nose from peeling
this sinks in beautifully
is beautifully moisturising without being over oily
layer my eye cream
it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin soft.
wait 10 minutes before applying powder or blush
my skin when from oily to dry
it absorbs into the skin
absorbs well into the skin
sinks into the skin
probably to do with maintaining skin thickness.
it absorbed into my skin more efficiently
it absorbs really fast
décolleté at night before my moisture cream
absorbs quickly, but only need a few drops.
i'd use it the way i use nude's progenius oil -- dabbing it on the driest patches
it doesn't smell of pencil shavings the way the nude oil does
accidentally felt my cheeks under my palms --
leave it to soak in
doesn't clog my pores
this product absorbs very quickly.
absorbs quickly and doesn't seem heavy at all.
my skin reacts better to this oil than the argan oil
the pores aren't so huge
it absorbs completely after a few minutes
it soaks in nicely
something about oil neutralizing oil
it has neutralized my oiliness
incorporate about 5 drops into my nightly moisturizer
i mean a smidgen on your fingertip
it keeps my face moist all day
doesn't clog pores or cause breakouts
damaged skin from sun damage
as this sinks in more
this oil absorbs quickly
it soaks right into my skin
it's like a liquid algae neosporin!
it absorbs quickly leaving no residue.
or removing the oil with my sleeves
this oils absorbs quickly
goes on beautifully with no oily residue
my nose was a forest of oil
kleenex-rubbing leaves a nasty red burn on my nose
control my oily face
it does absorb quickly
drenched it in moisture without being oily.
this oil is so light and absorbs quickly.
i warm 4-5 drops in my palms
although the bottle is opaque
it absorbs into your skin in lessthan 3 minutes
it softens the lines on my face
instantly moisturizes without feeling heavy
it soaks in very quickly too
it absorbed very fast
i've enjoyed the way this serum sinks into my skin
my pores are nonexistent after using
small pores of you can notice pores at all
it helps keep flakiness at bay
now i use neogen bio-peel lemon gauze peeling pads once or twice a week
it absorbs nicely into the skin
i would use argan oil to stop it from flaking.
it's lightweight and absorbs instantly.
night along with bobbi browns extra repair face cream
some flesh colored bumps
dries in record time
i've used it with powder and liquid foundations.
this stuff is liquid gold!
it absorbs quickly and leaves no residue.
it absorbs completely so there's no residue left over
it plumps my skin
soothes dry patches overnight
my pores are much smaller
it dried up all the blemishes
always shake or roll it gently before using dropper
three total for chin décolleté
all of my acne improved dramatically b/c the product soaked into my skin so quickly
sinks right into your skin.
even reduces the breakouts
i apply a very thin layer to freshly washed skin
really penetrates deep into my skin
the less germs accumulate
my pores look smaller
dab directly on any blemishes
my pores appear smaller
enlarged pores appear smaller
dry patches to go along with the dry skin
just replenished my bottle
it completely reduces the upper lip wrinkles
instantly diminishes the look of pores
it soaks into the skin
noticeably reduces fine lines
the silicones in it help to minimize pores
also plumps up fine lines
is the way it smoothes your skin out
putting a dab of this on mats it down
this does work as a pore reducer for me by filling pores prior to makeup application
i've noticed a visible reduction in the size of my pores on my cheeks
because this product will fill your pores with too much dimethicone
bacteria like with jar packaging
my pores are smaller
my makeup or bb cream just glides over it!!
my pores look smaller
my pores are almost gone!
it does minimizes the pores when you use it on a daily basis
the skin on my nose
this not only nourishes
clears up dry patches without being oily or greasy
it quenches my skin without being oily or heavy.
absorbs completely in a few minutes
soaks in right away
foundation to minimize the look of the pores
a few sprays of urban decay all nighter
just wish it came in a pump bottle to protect from bacteria
provides the perfect amount of moisture without making my face oily
just the right amount of moisture
it completely balances out my skin.
it minimizes all my fine lines.
it gives me a lot of moisture without clogging my pores
the cream is really thick
it absorbed into my skin nicely
dabbed on my forehead
contamination due to sticking your fingers in the jar
it quickly absorbs into my skin
it absorbs nicely, isn't greasy.
with dry cheeks area
it appears to have less visible pores
it's not clogging my pores
sinks in my skin immediately
has not stained any of my clothes
it sinks into the skin rather quickly
has a nice cooling sensation when applied
it foams just a little
it foams well and cleans well.
leaves skin squeaky clean
balances my skin out without drying or stripping it
literally keeps the skin from aging
this cream hydrates and firms like no other!
i can immediately see the firming of my upper lids
helps with all of the crinkles on my eyes
i got fat granules pretty easily around the eye areas
this eye cream hydrates the under eye without augmenting the bags
refreshes the skin around your eyes
moisturizers without clogging my pores
it does absorb easily
this eye cream soaks right into my skin instead of sitting right on top of it like lower end creams
need lower orbital plumping/anti-crepiness with additional moisture
smooth, smaller pores, and more even.
i love how it cleans
i suggest trying the foam
balances forthy face wash for my combo skin
when you add water it foams up
oily parts in your skin
improves bumps on my face.
that will foam up into a soft an milky lather that you massage on your face
even the most stubborn stains of foundation are removed in a matter of seconds-its perfect
it really cleans your face of any dirt
it removed all my blackheads in my nose by just washing my face
it lathers up amazingly!
it's great for all skins it eliminates oil without drying out your face
using it as a mask twice a week is good because it really tightens your pores
the consistency is milky once it is applied to the face
i can just feel my pores tightening
it foams right up
usually anything that cleans so thoroughly strips my skin
after a few washes my skin has been smooth
washed my face day
it removes all dirt
this product makes my pores dissappear!
it is milky and doesnt dry out the skin!
it removes make-up and gently exfoliates skin.
soft without leaving an oily residue
absorbs into the skin quickly
follow it with the mist
whipped argan oil face
it absorbs very nicely and fast.
this light formula soaks into my skin better
it absorbed easily into my skin
my face produces less sebum
it's more easily absorbed into my skin
i rub a small amount on my palms then run h
it will flatten it down
after much research on oily skin
dry spots on my body
it soaks up great
it's not slippery and is easily absorbed by skin.
it absorbs very quickly
doesn't leave skin oily or sticky
i also love it on my lids
a tiny dab even helps when my under eye concealer wants to crease
works well for oily skin!!!
sometimes it gets frizzy.
within minutes my skin has soaked it up so there is no leftover oily residue
it soaks in quickly
it blends in seamlessly underneath my hourglass mineral primer
this product is amazing for moisture
dry skin fades away
it dries out pretty easily
it soaks in nice, doesn't leave an oil residue.
will use it on my cuticles and dry split ends.
the last one clogged my pores
i don't feel it absorbs completely
leaves more of a silky residue on my face
without leaving a greasy film
i also use it to tame my frizzy hair.
like it, specially in nails and hair.
use a glitter glue or really good eye primer
i dug this light argan oil
which i had just been using for a cuticle oil
and is amazing on dry patches
separates from the dropper
doesn't feel like a grease slick
brushes when doing my foundation
dry on the cheeks
i apply it with fingers
it soaks in nicely
totally drys deep into your skin leaving it a natural matte
this product smooths them
an amazing oil for oily skin
my nails were peeling
i used this oil on my nails
this oil absorbs quickly
a spritz or urban decay setting spray
massaged it into my skin especially focusing on the "drier" spots
i love how it calms down my oily skin
my pores are almost non-existent
it absorbs into my skin
doesn't leave a greasy sheen
this one actually smooths out my wrinkles
jart ceramidin liquid which is unreal
quickly absorb to my skin
it absorbs quickly and goes on feeling light.
the thick cream melts into your skin
one pump covers my face
it takes 10 seconds to lightly massage
it absorbs quickly leaving your skin smooth
plumped without the residue
whatever scent is in it disappears quickly
it dried out my skin
it takes a bit to sink in
it gently removes my make up
doesnt dry out my skin
is best applied with a cotton pad
all micellar waters i've tried irritate the eyes with direct contact
put this on a cotton pad
then use this on a cotton pad
it leaves a light film
it effectively grabs any particles left behind after cleansing
i put a squirt or two on cotton pads
can't put on powder because skin will flake off dry
gentle at removing any
just wipe down my face with this then a spray of grape water
i put maybe 2 pumps on a cotton pad
2 pumps on a cotton ball works for my whole face
my lids never became irritated or dry
use with lint free cleansing squares sold at sephora
this micellar water calms my skin
it gets all the dirt
lasts forever- one pump on a cotton pad
followed by this micellar water on a cotton ball
as this tends to spill more easily
the cleansing water softens my skin
it has no grease or thickness to it
i pump a few drops on a cotton cloth
the urban decay cannonball waterproof mascara with ease
it pulls out all kind of dirt
it removes every ounce of make up
dirt from my face
for oily/comb skin
i soak a cotton pad with this water
this stuff cleanses your skin perfectly
without water -- just use cotton balls
leave the thin film of residue on your skin to function as a toner
i love how it biochemically vacuums up sebum
dirty while leaving natural moisture in the skin
so that i can leave the moisture in my skin while wiping away the top layer of dirt
my skin is more thoroughly cleansed
grime off my skin
no oily residue left behind or rinsing required
not sticky feeling like some remover wipes can be
i do rinse my face lightly after using
clear without drying out
refilled the sample bottle
evaporates without any obvious oily residue
it allows you to use a washcloth that could be washed
pollutants without water or moisture stripping chemicals
it easily removed waterproof eyeliner
grime from the day
my hair sticks to it
my makeup clings to my dry patches
increase blood flow to the skin as you rub it in
make my skin feels pluming
t continues to keep the moisture in
to keep my skin from peeling
it sinks right into my skin
it has rather large granules in it
i just gently rub it on my face
i re-tried it on damp skin
when i rinsed it off
with the flakes returning after a day of rawness
use the spoon it comes with to recuse bacteria.
the other beautiful natural ingredients being absorbed into your skin
rinses off cleanly to leave the skin unbelievably smooth
fresh's black tea instant perfecting mask
i applied a thin layer
previously when i was in palm springs
i slathered origins overnight mask every night
on the last palm springs trip
then you can use a moist wash cloth/paper towel to "wipe" off the mask
this mask literally melted into my skin
once it settles it sits perfectly under my primer
my skin is combination with dry patches on my cheeks occasionally
it layers well with my proactiv
it has removed my dry patches
when i turn to the oil-free gel form
non-greasy, sinks in fast, it just works.
even flaking off at times
slightly oily that would flake off in chunks
absorbs quickly into the skin
causing constant powder touch-ups
under my eyes get oily
this product glides onto my skin!
tried it out along with the moisture surge intense cream
my skin kind of combinations skin dry n oily skin
latter it became moist
my skin soaks it up!
in the winter i supplement with a moisture mask at night
it absorbs into the skin very quickly
with time to soak in
it reminded me instantly of pus
turned into white bubbles
for oily try the gel it's made more for oily skin
plumps up my skin
no sticky-residue feeling
cheeks that really burned
spreads nicely without leaving an oily look
doesn't clog my pores
half the size of a pencil eraser
never leaves me greasy or creates breakouts
takes cads of my dry patches
it minimizes my pores
it soaks into my skin immediately
i don't have many lines nor pigmented dark bags under my eyes
cools down the puffy eyes
it refreshes your eyes instantly.
it absorbs very quickly
it also sinks into the skin fairly quickly.
lastly it is absorbs quickly
love that it softens lines
a tube seems more sanitary then a jar to me
this eye cream sinks in and absorbs nicely.
it moisturizes without being heavy or greasy.
it soaks in right away.
it's because it soaks in so quickly
i dab a hint of bio-performance eye cream on my few wrinkles
it's absorbs into the skin very fast
the bottle lasts a while
my skin took a turn for oiliness
my cheeks are often more drying
not oily or greasy
my pores are much smaller and are reduced.
very lightweight and absorbs quickly.
my face is noticeably sifter
t spreads out on your face very evenly
dries without being sticky or oily
moisture lasts all day.
no more dried patches
my pores are a lot smaller
skin fills supple after use.
it absorbs quickly with a light feel
now the new overnight gel mask
it soaks into the skin fairly well
not-as-noticable pores
it dries very quickly
i feel like this product instantly camouflages my pores
absorbs into my skin almost immediately.
the perfect amount of moisture.
it had a milky consistency that absorbs quickly
it spreads easily on the skin
which is in a jar
helps to shrink the appearance of pores
mportant as it prevents piling of products as they absorb quicker
it goes on evenly
soaks in very quickly without feeling heavy or greasy
pores have become smaller in 1 month
won't clog your pores
lightweight on the skin.
it is fast absorbing
needed something that absorbs quickly
it just soaks right in
love the bottle and the pump.
this small layer allows my skin to soak it all in
sinks into my skin very quickly
it absorbs rather quickly
it is liquidy, lightweight.
the products just sink into the skin
leave my super dry cheeks with plenty of moisture
it is light and absorbs quickly.
one pump covers my face
it absorbs into your skin so fast
it is a bit on the oily side then absorbs
doesn't make my skin oily/greasy
it's actually reduced the size of my pores
it absorbs very quickly
it goes on smoothly and absorbs very fast.
the product comes out milky
once applied it absorbs quickly
workd well in removing dirt
my pores are smaller
it soaks into the skin so effortlessly i just adore it
about 5 or 6 pads in
it clears your face
the pads are super saturated
the pads are highly saturated
the next 20-30 mins i deal with a gradually dissipating itching sensation
it's a blemish treatment that removes impurities.
the pads are very saturated
take another cotton pad
along wit reducing the appearance of my pores
then your skin adjusts
hands down this product is skin changing!
which means my pores get clogged with dead skin
a little itchy as it dries
i go in quickly after with raw sauce to relieve my skin
then use these wipes
i washed my face
it has dried out a majority of my blemishes.
it emptied a colony of cystic zits living deep in my cheek
i get small collections of breakouts on my cheeks
put an ice pack on my face as it dries to soothe before moisturizer
what i was super amazed at was how well it unclogged my pores that had blackheads
accidentally scraped my face a few blackheads literally fell out
from the first day i used it my pores shrunk
my pores are even minimized
is to snip the pads in half to get more use out of the tub
's clearing pads in the meantime
after the product dries
goes away as the product dries
as you strip away the surface of your skin
you may notice your pores unclogging
my pores are smaller
this shrinks my pores, clears my skin.
my pores are clear
this was kind of gross the first week as it brought all of the impurities to the surface
even after it subsides
as soon as i apply the moisturizer it "re-activates"
it clears my skin
it minimized my pores.
my pores are perfect
i started using the alphabeta face peels
it comes with 45 pads
drying for my skin
the pores on my nose look smaller/less noticeable
it burns for a couple seconds
it clears up acne without over drying
it dries up all the acnes.
especially closer to the bottom of the tub
i feel like the salicylic acid is really getting down into my pores
s during the winter months including skin fissures at the fingertips
not a great facial moisture mask
i usually use one layer first and rub it in.
smudge on your pillow case
cooling when applied to the skin
soaks into the skin within minutes
then you wipe away the excess with tissue
it plumps and refreshes my skin.
the drier my skin is
this moisture mask is incredible!
this doesn't irritate or clog pores
wet cloth put over face
with the process of using the cloth
the cloth is super easy to rinse
the provided muslin cloth was the perfect addition to wiping away my facial grime
t-zone is oily with large pores
where i rinse it off with warm water
around in the jar it becomes a luxurious lather that leaves your face soft
deep-cleaning my face
liquid liner easily without irritating my eyes
the whole hot-warm-cool ritual combined with the muslin cloth
my pores looked smaller
feels like a pomade on the skin while using.
rinses all makeup completely away without irritating or drying
takes everything from gloss to waterproof liner in one wash
i used it with the muslin cloths
this balm melts the make up off
digging my fingers into my cleansers
i've decanted a good bit into a small jar for travel
using the muslin cloth that's provided to steam my face
them gently washing it off with warm water does the job
my toner pad shows no traces of makeup or dirt
my pores are clear
helps to moisten dry areas without being too heavy
this cleanser comes off cleanly
i tried a few other makeup melts
melts into your skin.
it complete cleans off the heaviest
the warm cloth is used to cover the face to allow the product to melt into the skin
helps to clear up pores
melts on contact or by rubbing it between fingers before application
reapply the cloth as recommended
doesn't burn my eyes
it cleans very well and feel non drying after.
to keep it off the muslin cloth
applied on my skin
it really cleans out your pores
make up melts off with ease
it comes with the muslin cloth for even better
my pores get very congested
rinse off with water
remove it with cotton pads as another reviewer suggested
i spend up to two minutes gently massaging this in
or keep it moist
start to have clogged pores from not cleaning thoroughly
then wet the muslim cloth with warm water
place the cloth on my face until it cools
rinse the cloth with cooler water
use it to gently wipe the face
then lastly rinse the face with flowing water
my pores are starting to shrink
because it is a dense cleanser
it rebalanced my skin
i just rinse my face with lukewarm water
including red matte liquid lipstick
it melts so nicely into my skin
i get clogged pores easily
visible pores on my forehead
this thick gel turns to liquid with use
penetrates deeply in the skin
literally melts all your make up off
effortlessly melts away makeup
gunk from the day
the muslin cloths help take the makeup
the cloth that comes with it
melts away all make up
as well as a mini muslin cloth
i've run out 4 jars of it.
it also refreshes your skin
then i saw the pretty little muslin cloth
opened up my pores for several minutes with hot water
the micro derm part is more like soft pillow-y disolving chunks
everything came right off onto the cloth with minimal rubbing
my skin leans oily
use another eye cream underneath
which tends to worsen it
found that using this cleaner has actually helped clear my skin as well as shrink my pores
the muslin cloth definitely helps open up the pores to make the product seep in better
as soon as you follow the instructions with the muslin cloth
you will notice impurities from your skin on the muslin cloth
i used the cloth
the cloth it uses
even the skin under my eyes was flaking off
the mineral oil in the cleanser doesn’t clog my pores at all or indeed dry out my skin
you run the included muslin cloth under warm water
all traces are removed.
i do begin with a micellar water to remove my foundtion
as a treatment to minimize pores
this is much more hygienic it works wonders use a small dab right on your pimple
my pores are left tighter
blackheads that may be brewing beneath the surface of my skin
moisture in my skin
it also makes my pores so so so small
then you gently rub the dry mask off which serves as an exfoliant without the gritty stuff of a normal exfoliant
then you rinse off the mud mask part with warm water
blackheads on my nose without drying out my skin
the heat opens up your pores
my pores were unbelievably cleansed
i rinsed it off
pores were a lot smaller
it dries off very quickly
it removes dry skin and leaves my skin soft.
has a wax-like texture
melts into your skin while you're wearing it
it left my skin with a lovely barrier after rinsing
i do also use the muslin cloth to remove it
eliminates the need to tone or use astringent
cleaned my skin beautifully
it removes the yucky dead skin when i'm in peeling mode
leave it on for several minutes while massaging it into dry skin
i just rinse it off with running water
it rinses away clean
the packaging suggests leaving it on like a mini mask for 3 minutes before rinsing
squeeze tube with a locking twist lid is not very practical for a thick cleansing balm
after rinse it off
it melts into the skin beautifully.
while rinsing it turns into a milky consistency.
remove with a moistened flannel
my skin is silk smooth after i wash it off
it is a bit drying
it foams without being overly foaming.
it doesn't strip the skin.
it absorbs into my skin right away
on my forehead due to dry skin
this product soaks into the skin almost immediately
noticeably refined my pores
reduced the look of pores
i can literally feel my skin tingle in a good way while it soaks up the serum
thin skin that gets gross crepey under my eyes
smooths like nothing else i've tried
which keeps the product from being exposed to the air
wait until it absorbs
then apply boscia tsubaki beauty oil overtop of it for day
i usually pump the tiniest little bead
using this dried my eyes out
i will continue to layer the eye cream over it
the cream absorbs nicely
that is quickly absorbed
it adds a bit of moisture
the formula seeps right in
it seeped right in
no caking or cracks
supergoop softens the lines around my eyes
so the smooth metal applicator helps to avoid tugging when spreading the product
just a light veil applied around the eye area smooths
i put some on my finger and dab.
the metal applicator feels nice going on
it does not melt into your eyes
protected from the sun
the only down side i've found is the curdling of the spf
is cooling on my skin
it absorbs great and isn't greasy.
smooths out my lines
the applicator is cooling to apply within the orbital eye area
the applicator is ingenious.
softens skin overnight, like a baby's butt.
creates an even texture overtime.
i don't mind it as it dissipates
it cleans without drying
nice foaming but rinses clear.
no residue and helps to soften my skin.
it sinks in immediately
oily skin has diminished
my pores are tighter
peels off the skin afterwards if you touch your face
have noticed smaller pores
dewy immediately after application
i alternate between these peel pads
gets more pigmented/darker with each number
use a moisterizing pore refining toner
i tightens those pores and reduces blemishes.
it keeps my dry
slows down the aging process
this night cream smooths my skin
then absorbs into the skin within a few minutes
without all that junk in my pores
don't have oily skin
does not clog pores which is very important for my combination skin
its not sticky and light weight.
does not clog my pores or cause breakouts
this absorbs, hydrates and i don't break out.
if your starting to get facial hairs this somehow magically retards them
he scanned the ingredients to make sure that there was no acids
just a pea size will foam up to clean your face
my pores are visibly smaller due to this concoction
doesnt leave your skin oily
never dries out my skin
verrrryyy oily t-zone and verrrryyy dry cheeks.
it cleanses the skin without tugging or pulling.
gentle yet removes makeup and impurities.
it is a bit sticky for a while as it dries
as it is very foamy
throughly cleanses while leaving the skin very soft
large pores that get clogged
less breakouts, smaller pores.
you can feel the tingling of the extracts in this mask
my skin cleared instantly.
not micro-abrading grains like most exfoliators
and you really only need a pearl-sized squirt.
it cleans without drying my skin.
it keeps it smooth and clean without any dryness.
yet effectively cleanses make-up as well.
cleans my pores beautifully
cleans your face without drying it out
this cleansing cream cleans without drying me out
this cleans my face well without leaving it oily or drying it out
it is gentle and non-drying and works well.
without drying it out
it balances out the dry spots
keeps the moisture barrier to your skin intact so that the oily spots don't create more oil
it also exfoliates without granular pieces
it removes all traces of makeup with just a little pea sized squirt
it cleans without drying
gentle,washes off easily,no stinging
is amazing for keeping moisture in while creating a less oily surface for makeup
it temporarily tightens my pores
elic peels on myself which keeps my pores small for 1-2 weeks
smoothing without being sticky or leaving behind residue
strips my skin of any moisture
it dries into a soft non stick smooth thin layer on your face with a cooling effect you can actually feel working into the skin
i do refrigerate mine
helps to open my pores when i do apply it
it don't transfer off onto your clothing or pillows
as this product will dry as a thin mask
my t-zone is oily and my cheeks are dry.
this mask really soothes it
i rinsed it off
this helps put the moisture back in my skin
used too many peel pads
i layer on a pretty thick amount
this mask is nice and cooling.
it can be used as thin layer
over night or thicker layer
a light layer of the other cucumber cream in the morning
the cucumber gel mask is the best moisture mask i'veused
since my skin soaks it up quite well
you only need about the size of a pea--a thin layer does the trick
i felt like the rose stem mask was more hydrating than this
sometime a thin layer overnight
then apply this gel mask
this product shrinks my pores
left my desert dry
use of natural oil on parched areas
this mask doesn't help with the purplish bags
even razor burn on legs
use a bentonite clay mask once a week
leave for ten minutes then rinse with cold water
because it dries out my face
it cooled the area on contact
great for winter wind burns.
youthful without being oily
this mask always calms my skin instantly
when it's time to rinse off
causing my pores to clog
is perfect for after peels
hard to detect once on
i always wear a thin layer overnight
it absorbs well into the skin
my pores don't look clean
tingly as it dries
it cooled the burn and helped with the redness.
i slab on a thick layer
my dry skin just vanishes
if you get an eyebrow or lip wax
it doesn't clog pores
which also comes with the rose stem cell mask
it actually works well with burns
this greatly reduces my pores
can even spread a thin layer on your face
get rid of the red flush
perfect for after sun exposure.
any kind of burns, chemical peels, waxing.
this mask not only calms
it's helped my skin heal from a reaction to a peel too much sun
i like to use a layer following an intensive mask/peel
dripping down my neck
so certain washes are too drying
when i rinse off my face
gently rub it into your eyes
my face is oily
cleanses the face without stripping the skin %26 is great for sensitive skin as well
it leaves no residue
had very clogged pores
under the skin flesh color bumps on my checks
not stripped after washing
this dilo oil perfects my skin
it restores the dryness with moisture
absorbs well into the skin
the dropper takes some getting used to
done over the sink as it splatters when the oil comes out of the pump
it seems to help add moisture
t dissolves into your skin quickly
gives your skin an extra layer of moisture while not making it overly shiny
the dilo oil absorbs more quickly because it's thinner
this oil absorbs in quickly
it sinks in immediately
soaks into skin quickly
smell to it that fades quickly when applied to skin
it just all comes squirting out
n the beginning it would squirt out everything in the dropper
i apply to damp skin
this oil absorbs into your skin so quickly
the oil goes on smooth and is absorbed quickly.
it's help minimize my pores
it absorbs quite fast.
middle finger into the jar
then pat dilo oil into your skin
it leaves skin non-greasy
my pores seem to be getting smaller
already my pores look smaller
my skin absorbs it so quickly
it's thinner than all the face oils on the market
was holding moisture better
absorbed quickly with a matte finish
i like that it seals in moisture.
doesn't leave any oily residue
take me to the edge of destroying my moisture barrier
as the ceramidin cream can deposit back much needed moisture
flaking in the winter months
yet it somehow absorbs so quickly
it doesn't ball up or pill on the skin
absorbs really nicely into the skin
it dissipates quickly as you spread the cream
the tube doesn't squeeze well
as you manipulate it to get the cream out the outer coating cracks
i got around this issue with my second tube by squeezing the whole tube into a glass jar for storage
it spreads out easily
the paint rubs off by normal h
my face was peeling
cradle cap is caused because a baby's skin is so thin
the lipid barrier is fragile so skin sheds as it dries out rapidly
knew i had to add some protective lipids to gently reinforce his skins barrier
calms the skin when i flare up.
it hydrates yet sinks in quickly so makeup can be applied on top of it
this has the thickness of a night cream
chapped around my nose
it sinks into the face
because it's a painted metal tube
oils to curb the peeling/flaking skin around my nose
the metal tube cracks an the paint code often chips
gets on your fingers
the only negative is that the packaging flakes onto your h
it makes the flaking worse
it seals the moisture factor of skin
when the tube gets low
after i apply to my face i use another pea-sized amount to dab around my eyes for added moisture
plumps the skin to make those lines disappear
my face soaks up both versions.
smooth after you wash your face
hydrates wonderfully without leaving an oily film
this cream moisturizes under my skin's surface instead of sitting on top of my skin
makes dry skin disappear over night
it really improved my skin's moisture barrier
dry as it heals
it is painted over metal so the paint flakes all over
my skin just soaks it right up
really like the way it melts into my skin
absorbs quickly with no greasy residue
pros: it absorbs quickly and moisturizes well.
it's super lightweight and absorbs quickly.
protect my skin barrier
doesn't leave my face like a grease slick
body oil as well
does not clog my pores.
it also did not block my pores.
this soaks into my skin beautifully
ceramidin oil balm with ceramidin liquid for the colder months
it doesn't make my glycolic gel "curl" up like most of the others i've tried
i pair it with the ceramidin liquid
this is a thick cream, but absorbs well.
which further dried out my skin causing it to produce more oil
s from getting chapped
for oily skin in summer
doesn't clog my pores
keeps dry cheeks moist
blasting heat from indoor
i tried to mix a few drops of oil to cream to combat the dryness
my skin was peeling in places from dry patches
i can layer it on
tap it on lightly over my oily t-bone
patted the strange substance into my skin after toning
it dries very quickly
it is fast absorbing
with a bit more moisture
it's a very thin liquid
my skin immediately soaks it up
less than one day and the crust is gone!
doesn't irritate your skin or clog pores.
truly feel that it seals in all of the moisture i've given my skin with essences
my makeup goes on beautifully over this liquid.
jart micro water as a toner cause it says it tones
"locking" water in the skin to prevent dryness
it is very liquid
it glides over my other serum without pilling at all
very light, absorbs quickly!
flaky skin on my eyelids
i will layer with the ceramidin cream
which further dried out my skin causing it to produce more oil
it's lightweight yet packs a good punch of moisture
which is much thicker
great lightweight way to add moisture to your face
help maintain your skin's moisture barrier
it absorbs extremely quickly
its not think and it absorbs quickly.
my skin is so dry that it cracks
allows the cream to absorb
flake free all day
my skin stays clear unless i use a product that clogs my pores
my makeup no longer clings to dry patches
it dries very quickly
i notice my skin absorbs the products better now.
this serum really help with my dry patched
absorbs quickly into my skin.
helps it retain moisture
a small dime-sized amount of the liquid gently patted on my face morning
it soaks into my skin very quickly
leaves a slight sticky/tackiness to my skin
it allows the moisturizer to absorb so nicely into the skin
this is a perfect last layer to repair your moisture barrier
i like the thin, watery consistancy.
i find it also helps reduce my naturally flushed cheeks
it smooths and moisturizers the skin.
when i use this underneath the ceramidin cream
it locks in the moisture
sensitive skin that is prone to clogged pores
it sinks in fast
it sooths without burning
it seals in moisture
the oiliness of the coconut oil made makeup application a little bit messy
with just this liquid
side note: apply to skin when the skin is moist
dry until moist to the touch and slather it on!
this stuff is liquid gold
plumps, firms, and smooths skin.
i basically replaced my toner with this
it creates a coat layer on the skin which makes my skin absorb the moisturizer better
love the thin texture and it soaks in quickly.
i applied a warm wet washcloth for a few minutes
i layer my cream over the liquid
the liquid absorbs very quickly
my pores get clogged very easily
it absorbs super quickly
hydrates my skin with zero side effects.
almost as if it was removing all the impurities from my skin
it adds piles of moisture to my face without feeling gloppy or heavy
not oily or greasy
also less oiliness due to the moisture being balance in my skin
my dry skin soaked it up
this cream absorbs quickly
it locks in the moisture
my oily skin somewhat repaired itsslelf
i apply a thin layer all over my face
prevents them i use the face cream
i get this greasy sheen on my face
this product absorbs well
hydrates enough to noticeably reduce the amount of oil production on my face
it absorbs quickly despite being heavy.
the pump on the jar keeps the product clean
how easily it is absorbed
it is so foamy
cleanses my oily t-zone
it cleans my face
face into a creamy foam
i love thick lather!
it foams great and doesn't burn my eyes.
om patches of dry skin after my nightly face wash
it foams up nicely
the texture is thick gel-like
i love the foamy lather it creates
i don't like how taut it make your skin feel after rinsing
i love the way it lathers
it is a little drying
once your face dries
really keeps moisture in
this cleanses my skin without drying.
a pea-sized dab lathers up beautifully.
really foams up with a little water
it foams up so nicely
it foams up so perfectly
when i lathered this up
my skin without drying it out
just rub, rub, rub... and boom!
gunk of the day is removed
this cleans without stripping
it washes off easily from my skin
the dry heat of southern california wreaks havoc with my sensitive skin
which cannot efficiently clean my pores
it is quite foamy
dirty things in my pores are pulled out
the product lathers up instantly
doesn't dry the skin
literally strips every speck of dirt
it lathers my face nicely
it doesn't strip my face of its natural oils
strips away all the dirt
it foams up so nicely
pea size amount is enough to create a cloud of foam
skin is soft, mat and pores are tightened.
you only need a tiny amount to create a rich lather
with very dry cheeks
milky as it settles on your face
in the end your face is moist
however it absorbs quickly
it absorbs quickly into the skin
flake off near my hair line
this works amazingly to restore the lost moisture
my skin had a few pores
the cream is very rich but absorbs quickly.
absorbs into my skin very quickly
absorbs into the skin fairly quickly while keeping moisture
creams for fear of clogged pores
i wash with the ibuki purifying cleanser which has tiny beads that sloughs away tiny dead cells
creates a nice canvas for my softening concentrate
it creates a nice barrier between my skin
my pores haven't disappeared
i'll have grease spots on my forehead
then skin flakes on my chin
zero grease spots *
it easily absorbs into my skin
to excessive sebum buildup throughout the day
this moisturizer really hydrates without making my eyes tear or breaking me out
after finishing a tub of this
normal skin on nose/chin/forehead
comes with a small applicator
or a squeeze tube though
it's rich enough but does not clog pores.
my pores were reduced
it absorbs quickly, my skin just drinks it up.
i apply it using shiseido's patting
i notice my pores are smaller
it even comes with a little spatula
rather absorbed into the skin really quickly
it absorbs beautifully into my skin
soaks deep into the skin
my pores are becoming less visable
it's thick but absorbs quickly.
it soaks right in
it absorbs quickly and has a good texture.
i really like the way it soaks into my skin
i've tried so many different moisturizers that have a thicker consistency compared to being runny
most end up clogging my pores or making my skin oily throughout the day
it has a thicker consistency but soaks right in.
soaks in leaving your face extremely soft
this cream is thick
oily skin that manages to become dried out in the winter
gives my skin a enough moisture
absorbs quickly and doesn't make skin oily.
then i noticed that my skin started to peel from the toner i was using
discoloration with large pores
melts into the skin
it protects from the chill of winter
it smooths out wrinkles and imperfections.
provides enough moisture to this delicate area
it goes on very smoothly and absorbs quickly.
then melts into your skin like velvet
it absorbs so quickly into the skin
it absorbs very fast
it absorbs very quickly
orange peel oil to revitalize
softens as a "1st seat" function
thick but easily absorbed.
feel this cream fills in fine lines
it plumps the under-eye area
helped to firm my lids
non greasy absorbs quick.
the product absorbs quickly
this is a lightweight cream that is easily absorbed
this product shows up as a thick creamy oily paste
my eye's had great moisture
dries perfectly, very lightweight.
- i have no flakes
it's a loose liquid so what's leftover on my fingers i rub on the back of my h
it's so light, sinks into my skin immediately.
left my skin oily
leaving my skin taut
feels like silk washing it off in the morning
it absorbs so quickly
it sure tightens my skin
peeling skin around my nose
i'd like to change the packaging to a squeeze-it-yourself tube or a jar
tthe product absorbs really fast.
i squeezed 3 uses out of a tiny sample
it absorbs quickly into your skin
it absorbs in seconds
gently press on face
i like to use a few drops right after toner while skin is moist
the bottle is so easy to spill
to drier areas as i've turned 50
this oil absorbs easily
have a super oily face
the bottle is a huge spill hazard
my skin tends to be dryer
my skin soaks it up
this oil absorbs quickly into the skin
it sinks in very fast in my skin
the oil just absorbs into your skin
this product somehow suppresses my skin's natural oilyness
absorbs into the skin quickly
thus is a conductive gel to help your nuface
if your thin layer dries out on you while working the section most the area with a spritz bottle
i pair it with the jurlique activating essence water toner
not shiny or oily
evenly over the skin
it actually helped heal my dry peeling skin
it applied smoothly and absorbed quickly.
this stuff reduces puffy morning eye
it absorbs quickly so makeup application in the morning is a breeze
it felt instantly cooling
"cornflakes" on my nose
doesn't strip my face of oils
doesn't burn or irritate my eyes.
it smells great and rinses off easily.
it definitely cleans gently
it thoroughly cleanses without stripping any moisture from my skin
washes away all evidence of make-up
grime for the day
soothes at the same time
leaves my skin soft, smooth, and reduces redness.
cooling on the skin
comes right off with a few splashes of water
since it will not irritate the skin or rip the natural oils the face produces
the pores on my nose have not become smaller
one pump for a second rinse
it doesn't foam at all.
without leaving a single trace of residue
i applied it dry with bare h
with some gentle rubbing
supple when i'm done washing it
it cleans my skin
it seems to have minimized my pores.
like mascara with primer underneath
you can literally see the make up rinse down the drain
it does what it claims: cleanses well without stripping skin
it melts away all my makeup
was hard to rinse off completely
but melts everything else!
this mask in combination of their peel works wonders
this mask really locks moisture into my skin
it also does not clog my pores which i find many night masks
i replaced a really expensive jar of night mask with this
it hydrates my skin as i sleep especially needed after the black mask
my skin gets dry easily
a thin even layer will do the trick
not a mask that dries
this saves my skin!
i'd gotten hooked on wakame from the sheet masks.
sometimes it even heals pores on my face.
i washed my face
my pores are visibly smaller.
rinse with water in the morning like it says
i apply it in a thin layer nightly
about once a week i apply a thicker layer as a mask
this allows the product to get absorbed into my skin
then slathered on the mask
oily/combo skin in summer
this seeps right in after i wash my face at night
i tried this as well with the clinique overnight moisture surge mask
i own the cooling mask and the black mask.
once my skin has absorbed this product
it traps in dirt
not oily or sticky
my skin has literally transformed into a baby's bottom
it doesn't smear all over my pillow
it's light, non greasy, and absorbs quickly.
which dissipates quickly enough
rinsing in the morning it doesn't feel slippery slimy like some products
it is not grease
it reduces or removes all redness
it minimizes dryness on my face
still moist in the morning
doesn't just evaporate into the parched air
it sinks into your skin after a few minutes.
stop moisture from escaping
i apply a thin layer at night
it keeps my face from peeling off
it even clears blemishes
like glass bottle or some
sometimes oily skin breakout
leaves no "goop" feeling
no peeling involved just simply rinse off.
i usually put a thin layer before going to bed.
i slather a thick layer on my skin
also firms and smoothes the skin.
it absorbs so quickly
this drenches my skin in instant moisture
great for dry, aggravated skin.
it instantly soothes my skin
my dry and oily areas love this cream.
other creams usually block my pores while providing a little moisture
it absorbs into my skin quickly
this is a step up in moisture
it gives my skin the moisture it needs
dry patches disappear immediately after applying
bobby browns cracked underneath and many others.
on my eye lids
it's rich and easily absorbed.
the slight shimmer in this cream definitely diffuses them
it hasn't made my lids any more oily
the yellowish tint definitely helps to counter-act the darkness under my eyes
really smooths out wrinkles
it smooths the skin
gross extra strength daily peels
don't sleep on my back which causes creases on my skin
does not clog my pores
it doesn't leave any creamy residue nor tightness
goes on smoothly and absorbs quickly.
because i can blot
absorbs best into already damp skin.
the consistency is amazing…feels like a whipped cloud of moisture when you apply it
i love the peel pads
this is such a lightweight formula that your skin just soaks it all up
for my large pores
it absorbs immediately & goes to work.
you only need a light dab
the skin glows with moisture
it kind of has a wet foam like texture
imperfections within a matter of minutes
absorbs well in the skin
it literally melts into the silkiest texture that your skin will drink up
it definitely smooths out your skin
it soaks in nicely
its thick and hard to use.
acid or right out of the shower
it is a thick cream
might be the moisture plump
dry cheeks that were flaking
i could see the flakes
it absorbs into my skin almost immediately
it stays more on the surface instead of blending in
leaving little clumps around the edges that then need removed
this stuff calms my skin down
almost gellike texture which sinks into your skin
it soaks into the skin without any oily residue.
my face looks like it's been sprayed by the fountain of youth
as the jellylike texture spreads easily
it gives my face the perfect amount of dewiness without grease
the scent dissipated practically on contact
responded that i wanted a product that absorbed into the deep layers of my skin
no improvement on a few lightly broken capillaries
my pores are in check
absorbs wonderfully into skin.
too much for my skin to layer under foundation
then applying to my skin
this mask is amazing at removing excess oils
hurts too peel off
it is easy to peel off
found that it peeled well
was as satisfyingly de-clogging
i've used peel off masks from glamglow
hard to peel- you have to apply a very thick layer for it to peel off
peels off so easily even with a thin layer
when peeling off the boscia masks
how his nose didn't feel greasy after peeling the mask off
it does a good job at pulling out pores
it does get rid of my pores
put on a very thin layer of this stuff
i put on a thicker coat
though i would definitely recommend using a thicker layer
it dries my skin out
it takes a while to peel it all off
then slowly pulling the dry mask away from the skin
that was easily remedied by applying a thicker layer the next time i used it
i love peeling it off
it says "thin layer"
i feel a thicker later is easier to peel off
it really did shrink my pores
i put on a too thin layer that made it nearly impossible to peel off
i used a thicker layer
tightened as it dried
it was easy to peel off
the red color does not stain the brush head either
my pores are a lot smaller
it peeled off easily
it doesn't pull out my peach fuzz when peeled off
pads made me super oily
it helped minimize my pores
it firms and smooths my skin after one use.
truly reduces my pores
my pores have essentially disappeared.
cleans out y pores
most deeply purifying masks can take a bit of a toll on the flesh leaving it little parched
this mask comes out as a molten red gel
it looks like mars melted into a mask
dries into a theatrical almost rubber face mask
seems to clear our pores
it really pulls the dirt
apply it in a thin
even layer in order for it to peel off properly
just make sure to use a thin layer
this mask sucks all the excess oil out of my skin without drying the already dryer areas
will use thicker layer next time
the product takes a while to dry
cleans out my pores too
since this mask is extracting your impurities
it may cause a few spots to pop up because its drawing all of the toxins to the surface of your skin
this mask dries quickly
it also peels off easily and is fun to use
it goes on thick
i prefer pore strips
cracked the dried mask
it says apply a thin layer which i did
it was too thin to peel off
this peel off mask really unclogs pores.
feel all the dirt clogged in my pores being pulled out
rinse your face with water
peel away dead skin
this is a super easy-to-use peel-off mask.
i definitely feel like it cleans out pores
you can peel off- my inner child is obsessed
i removed a little with a wet wash cloth
it peels off pretty easily
could peel it off
the first time i used it i applied a very thin layer
i've used a slightly thicker layer
after you peel it off you can see all the gunk its pulled out of our pores
the thicker you apply it, the stronger it sticks.
it gets really deep into your pores
when you peel it
you can literally see the outlines of your skin cells
i could see gunk that it had pulled out of my pores
often resulting in removing certain areas with a wash cloth
it doesn't strip my skin
great at removing cells
allowing moisture into the skin
really freshens your skin with regular use as recommended
great mask for oily skin without drying out your skin
it is so good and gets my deep pores unclogged!
be careful to avoid applying it to your hairline
my pores have shrunk
i used a thin layer the first time
some peel off masks are hard to peel off
gets all the gunk out
i am very prone to clogged pores
peel away mask that is gentle on the skin
since it is a peel off
look to see all of the impurities
the mask dried in about 20 minutes
when the mask peeled off
dry skin flakes came with it which i loved
it left my oily
my pores looked smaller and cleaned out.
is thick when spreading
it also peels off pretty continuously in one sheet
it tightens like a firming mask
it must be applied somewhat thickly to peel off fully
don't fear the clay
i love that it peels off
definitely minimized my pores
ax my skin is combination/dry
flaky skin as well as the impurities
the mask has is enriched with red clay that draws out impurities
purifies the complexion while improving the skin’s texture
i love a good peel-off mask
this face wash clears my pores so well even after one use
my pores look a little less visible.
the skin rescure blemish patrol pads
my pores are much smaller
my pores look much better since using it
oily t-zone dry forehead
without drying out my skin
strong enough to really clean my pores
deep cleans don't need a lot
the red clay for oily skin
my pores actually seem to shrink after every use
the only complaint i have is the gel texture
it cleanses well and isn't drying or stripping.
my pores are prone to clogging
this cleanser deep cleans without drying out my face
it clears off the excess oils from my face without drying it
gets all of the dirt
first aid deep cleaner w/red clay is my favorite
i love the way it changes from gel to foam on my skin
this product is able to give my pores a deep clean
i leverage the product twice a week to keep my pores clean
i feel it cleaning my pores.
otherwise you will clog your pores
it really helps to open the pore
i've also used fab red clay peel off mask
this cleans my face of oil
my pores were smaller
i did notice that it helps clean out my pores
like their other clay products this is more gel than clay-like
my skin dries up so bad
this drew out all the impurities from my pores
my skin is clearing up quite nicely in those areas-- it does work to decrease sebum production= 1 star
it cleared my stubborn pores which has been clogged due to makeup
with dry patches on my cheeks
all gunk that builds up during the day
yet really cleans down inside my pores thoroughly
the pores have significantly shrank
does it detox and unclog pores?
all the grime from the day
it strips the water from your skin
clay draws out impurities
have to mix a couple drops of josie maran argan oil in with the mask
this is not a traditional mask where it opens pores
which is drying up his breakouts
t doesn't rub off onto pillows
my pores have also vanished
apply a thin coat on face
actually gives very deep moisture
it soaks right into my skin.
it dries within minutes so you won't get stains on your pillowcase
use it as a mask as directed when the temperature fluctuates like crazy
does not leave residue on pillow or sheets.
i put the sulfur mask on after washing this off
less dry patches over tine
it clears my breakouts overnight
i started washing my neck
this one is very similar to the dr jart water fuse sleeping mask in that it hydrates awesomely
it absorbs right into my skin
absorbs into my skin
t doesn't leave slime on my pillow or in my hair
clogged pores around the inner cheeks
each patch comes in a tightly sealed container perfect for travelling
rub the remainder into the undereye
just use a very small dab
hydrates while not being heavy or greasy
i tried fresh's rose eye gel
hydrates that delicate piece of skin
it soaks into the skin quickly
up to my brow bones
beats the piles of other tubes
jars cluttering my counter so far
tap it until dries
i tap it underneath my eye along the orbital bone
it leaves the skin
not greasy, hydrates and firms.
the way it absorbs
it absorbs really nicely within a couple minutes
to get the blood flowing
without a greasy after film
really soothes the eyes
calms the sensitive skin of eyelids
under eyes help reduces fine lines
it was absorbed so easily
my skin seriously just soaks it up
this absorbs quickly and is not greasy feeling.
penetrates the skin well
ncorporated the whipped argan oil face
normally i just blot
normal to oily on my forehead
it penetrates my skin so beautifully
because of the oily texture
the milky white creme did eventually turn clear
absorbs nicely into skin without a greasy feeling
it soaked right in.
this treatment absorbed quickly
this really tames the condition
the oil soaks right in
softens, but not as greasy as the pure oil ~
the opening is so fitted to the glass dropper that it pushes some product over the sides of the bottle
it just sinks into your skin.
it sinks right into the skin.
it feels light and absorbs quickly.
really dries out my skin
it does not leave your skin oily as it absorbs quickly
locks in moisture after washing at night
clogged pores with certain products
this product does not clog pores
this provides just enough moisture to allow my skin to glow
since the liquid is rather thick
it also reduces the scaly
my pores are smaller
this clears up my skin and also moisturizes.
my skin just slurps this stuff right up!
my skin acts up
with little patches that makeup clings to
my face still looked like flesh colored latex paint peeling off an old building by midday
it takes a while to penetrate the skin
even oily skin needs extra moisture
i don't even rinse it off!
or oddly drying like a gel.
rinse it off in the morning
immediately upon putting on a thin layer my skin felt amazing
it feels amazing on freshly exfoliated skin
terscotch pudding onto my face
rub the excess in
saves my skin from dry
it melts into the skin
i like just massaging in the excess
i used a tissue to wipe a bit off
the moisture is worth it
after applying you feel a little cooling sensation/tingle
after using a clay mask
i put on a thin layer and sleep with it on.
put the moisture right back into your skin.
this fixes all the flakes
i applied it on my dry patches
it really sinks into your skin
it was plump and my nose didn't flake.
highly recommend letting it soak into the skin overnight
after i've used another clay mask
it feels like a cooling mask
i slather on a thick layer before bed
melts into the skin
it goes a little further by misting your face
neck with water before applying
tap your fingers together to warm it up before patting on your face
reached out for top dollar moisture
it leaves no greasy residue or shine like most "rich" formulas
have never had waxy balls form
quickly absorbs into my skin
it even comes with a little spatula to keep the jar sanitary
gross looking with large pores
letting the warmth from your fingers help it absorb
it seriously dries out my skin
sometimes i experience peeling
in the pump bottle
the peeling is minimal
fades quickly after application
a few dabs goes a long way
my pores look reduced
fine lines have dissolved
the cream melts into your skin
if you find it waxy or flaking
that destroys your skin
the original cream didn't eliminate the flakiness on my nose
then pat into your skin
applied to bare skin, it does not ball up.
it repaired my dry
protects from the sun
blends onto the skin like a dream without leaving behind any white residue
dries down enough that my makeup applies seamlessly over top
for my oily-combo skin
i get dry patches
it also does not seep into your eyes
very light and creamy, absorbs right away.
i rub it right into the lash line
it doesn't drip into my eyes, or sting.
contact lens-wearing eyes
no white residue afterwards
if you pat it onto your eyelid instead of rub
keeps my oily eyelids in check.
this eye cream goes on easily.
it disappears right into the skin pretty quickly
the formula is thick
i layer this over my eye cream
my pores are less noticeable
i've tried a few of micellar waters out there
this micellar water does the trick
it burns my eyes
dirt from my face
gunk that your face accumulates leaving your skin smooth
this is the only toner that had a burning sensation to my skin or eyes
really cleanses the rest of the makeup residue off my skin
then disperses within seconds
or drying at all
i've used several water type washes
place a cotton pad with cleansing water against your eyelashes
i fully saturated my cotton square with product
waterproof mascara they all just got smeared around my eyes
hands down the best cleansing oil on the market.
tery without an oily residue
it leaves no residue
then i rinse with water
it typically leaves a very slight "raccoon eyes" look after i rinse it off
as the oil gets rubbed on to the face
once i rinse it off
dissolves makeup fairly quick
i used this to melt off mascara
this oil dissolves my make up away.
micellar water for my eyes
makeup just melts away
when it comes to lipstick or anything to colourpop matte or liquid lips
doesn't irritate my skin or eyes
doesn't leave a greasy residue or make my eyes greasy
removes even stubborn mascara.
doesn't leave residue behind
it easily removes eye
easily melt with water.
is super easy to rinse off with just warm water
versus this drips everywhere
literally melts your makeup right off.
sometimes is difficult to rinse
it takes everything off even clumps of mascara which is the hardest for me to remove
it emulsifies to a milky consistency
rinses off completely without leaving a residue
no tugging or scrubbing necessary!
all without drying out my dry skin
this remover gets it all off easily
it pumps out like an oil
turns milky when mixed with water
rinses off very easily
i don't need it seeping over the sides of my h
it just melts your makeup off!
plus it gets off stubborn house of lashes glue
safely rub it on
then simply rinse with water.
as someone with oily/combo skin
leaves no greasy residue
i am however not a contact lens wearer
it cleans deep down into my pores
this gives the deepest pore clearing cleanse
it literally melts the make-up off of your face
it cleans everything off
this cleanser is a mainstay for me moving into the drier
oily remover makes them blurry
get the leftover remnants
didn't add any greasiness to my skin
used a coal sponge to move it around my entire face including my eye lids
with waterproof eye make up as well
not clog my skin
was worried this would only further clog my pores
this product couldn't be easier to use- just squirt two pumps into the palm of your h
it dissolves any trace of makeup!
when you rinse your face it becomes milky.
i apply it with a cotton pad
then i get any mascara or eyeliner by my lash line with a clean dry cotton swab to get the excess oil near my eyes
then i rinse with warm water
rinsing leaves skin soft but not overly greasy.
it's non-drying, silky and effective.
applied it to dry skin
massaged my entire face
continued massaging then rinsed
have to use a cleansing water afterwards to get the small traces of leftover foundation
to wash this off, i use warm water and a towel.
when i read that it emulsifies
washes off with water
it goes on runny ..and indeed emulsifies.
it dissolves all the foundation on my face so well
is even gentle enough to rub on my lashes
no greasy residue whatsoever left on the skin after massaging n rinsing with warm water
which turns the oil into a beautiful milky wash
really diminishes the appearance of bags
i rinse my face in the shower or wipe my face with a wash cloth
gently rub onto face
it totally rinses off all your make up
not oily or slimy
completely removes it in seconds- no scrubbing or rubbing with wash cloth- no burning eyes- easy
thinner in consistency than the boscia makeup breakup cool cleansing oil
it doesn't leave an "oily" residue on my skin.
i do rinse off with water
johnson's body wash since it leaves an oily residue
it rinses right off with no residue
really does minimize the appearance of my pores
it makes my skin look matted
it works great for my cheeks and nose.
the larger pores on the apples of my cheeks
a circular motion around the pores
it keeps my pores
fills the bad spots in
with better filling-in-the big-pores properties
removes risk of feathering on lipstick
it helps minimize pores around my nose
applying this primer reduces the creasing
have large pores on the cheeks next to nose area
i can immediately see my pores getting minimized
i this product does a much better job at minimizing the pores around my nose
when my skin is drier
causes my sensitive skin to break out
this layers very well.
sometimes the pores around my nose
rubbing in my cream
with dry spots skin
reduces the visibility of my pores
it shrunk the pores around my nose
it minimizes wrinkles on the spot
it fills in wrinkles
discoloration without being drying or greasy
minimizes the appearance of pores
it smoothes over my imperfections as well as minimizes the redness on my face
it is a thicker primer
i swear my pores look smaller
i also sometimes dust on some translucent powder before i put my cc cream on
filters their skin like instagram does for a photo
it does do a good job at minimizing pores
large porous/ textured skin
which comes in a bigger tube
does not clog my pores
this underneath smooths wrinkles
it instantly blends into skin
made my pores look smaller
it absorbs well and lasts all day.
my pores are very small
cannot absorb creams easily
still hydrates the skin without being greasy/sticky
it spreads so nicely
one or two squirts from the bottle
it hydrates and smooths skin beautifully.
sinks into the skin almost immediately
moisture it leaves over night
it does feel like a layer of grease
my makeup has not peeled or flaked or separated
it's very lightweight and absorbs quickly.
t doesnt burn your nose hairs all day
is getting needed moisture
it moistures my face and not oily!!
it absorbs quickly and is perfect for summer.
within minutes your face is silky
too drying for 30+ skin
rinse off in morning
it leaves my pores looking smaller
makes my pores visibly smaller
dry that you could barely spread it on let alone massage it for a minute to dissolve beads or microcapsules
as it dries it become a mildly tight greenish second skin
onceit is rinsed off of the skin
watching the bubbles burst
some pores clogged with lingering high spf sunscreen
it also gets dark green when it dries.
when you apply you have to burst the little capsules
turn yourself into the hulk
making sure that all the little capsules dissolve
this mask makes my pores shrink
my pores looked smaller
my pores are greatly reduced after
smaller pores equals less clogging of the pores which greatly reduced my breakouts
my pores are significantly reduced
my pores have shrunk
tightens pores without drying.
can be massaged for a while before drying
leaves my pores tight and thoroughly cleansed.
it feels like its cleaning up my pores from my daily makeup
it doesn't strip my skin
when i rinse it off my skin feels amazing
clears up skin and tightens skin
after 1 use the impurities came out.
it calms my skin
rub into the skin in circular motions
works great for clearing pores
my pores looked huge
it's easier to rinse off than clay/charcoal masks
perricone chloro plasma has done wonders for my congested pores that i've had since my teens
my pores were smaller
my pores were smaller
my pores were less defined
i tend to get large pores on my nose
i feel like i'm applying fresh chlorophyll directly to my face
my pores are smaller
this mask gets rid of build up in my pores without over drying
it's easy to apply and rinse off.
my pores looked smaller
it makes my pores smaller
clears up any imperfections
it dries in about 5 minutes
without sucking the life out of your skin
allows other skin care to soak in
this mask dries similar to that of a sulfur/charcoal mask
over drying of skin or difficulty with removal by water
my pores look smaller
dries ok-no cracking or tight dryness
it washed off easily
washes off easily makes skins smooth.
very gentle and non-drying clay textured.
helped my pores reduce size
sometimes spot treat with a sulfur mask
i also occasionally exfoliate with the ren peel.
visibly reduces fine lines
thirsty mud have been my holy grail masks
draws out gunk all at the same time
one jar replaces them all
my pores were visibly smaller
i've sensitive skin oily tzone enlarged pores around my nose area
dry skin on my cheeks
diffused the break out
it spreads very easily
the jar is completely full
my pores appear smaller
my pores seem tighter as well
blackheads are slowly disappearing
blackheads are slowly disappearing
blackheads are slowly disappearing
blackheads are slowly disappearing
blackheads are slowly disappearing
blackheads are slowly disappearing
cleans your pores up this is it
pores out of my nose
my pores are barely visible!!
i wash my face with boscia black cleanser it strips the oil from my face then apply this because it is thick
can't speak to the pigment altering aspect
the product is easily absorbed
absorbs into the skin
hydrates my face without leaving it oily which is a plus for me
helps prevent a greasy face
broken capillaries on my temples
it soaks in well
i've found it absorbs into my skin pretty well
my skin normally flakes
it is absorbed quickly
normal on my cheeks
absorbs well into your skin fairly quickly
it leaves my skin glowy without the grease
without a lot of triggers that normally clog my pores
with tighter-looking pores
i apply two drops to my skin
pores are less noticeable
i would pick at my large pores
my pores are smaller
counteracts the drying/wrinkle-causing affects of the benzoil peroxide
apply to my face undiluted
it absorbs like a dream
needs a few minutes to blend into my skin
this almost completely hides it
i detest wearing layers
even has a cooling applicator to really decrease puffy eyes
it just conceals it
the metal applicator also feels so good
when i massaged it in with the metal tip
you need to gently tap
blend with your finger after applying it with the tube in order for it to smooth out
cancels out dark circles a little bit while it moisturizes
it's significantly helped in camouflaging
the metal applicator feels cooling
the metal applicator glides over your undereye while the cream is brightening
the cool applicator feels nice
i cut up the tube
scrape the inside too
the metal stays cool
absorbs nicely into my skin
love the feel of the smooth metal applicator.
it really does feel goo
works well on other trace face imperfections-set with a translucent/hd powder
it just transforms my eyes
i do not use the metal applicator
the lotion squeezes out of the tub into the cap
the metallic applicator does feel nice
seems to help reduce the puff
sometimes i dab my finger over it to help blend it further
i apply it from the applicator
blend out with finger
then tap with metal tip
it soothes my under eyes
the applicator truly helps depuffs
i love the cooling metal tip on the tube.
neutralizes under eye tones
the metal tip i soothing for puffyness as well.
"veiny" look to my eyelids
this little tube gets it
the metal tip stays cool
i just dab the product under my eyes
the top of the tube doesn't fit snugly enough
smooths under your eye
metal applicator so-so
i apply with my fingertips
smooths the area for make-up
illuminates my undereye area while also eliminating puffiness
only dab sparingly in the tear trough area
i love the applicator tip
it is a clay base
apply with wet fingers
even made pores smaller
my tzone pores were smaller
literally every "detox" mask sucks the life out of your skin
t helps to add in just the tiniest amount of water to thin it slightly
mix it in my palm with water to create a better consistency
typically a clay based mask leaves my skin super dry after washing it off
the only problem is it dries out
the clay then hardens
the skin is left detoxified and smooth.
my pores were dramatically minimize
clears up your skin
it tighten my pores
the mask feels dry with your fingers
my pores were smaller
pores are a lot smaller
rinsing it off before i get out of the shower
clay based masks tend to irritate my face
does a great job clearing the pores
my pores are so much better
when i remove this mask my pores are smaller skin is visually smother
very quick job of cleaning my pores out
as well as a light powder daily
at best they dried my skin to the point of flaking
drawing any nasty stuff out of your clogged pores
after you get passed that first cleaning it keeps your pores clean
when it hardened after 10 mins i removed it
my pores are practically ejecting gunk
feels firmer without tightening or drying
doesn't tighten while drying
it'd restore moisture my skin
jaw line get dry patches
my skin literally burned.
presumably from sniffling into tissues
just a dab on a dry patch
the clogged pores on my cheeks have disappeared
absorbs right into the skin leaving the skin smooth
which don't clog pores
maybe blotting papers will help
it doesn't cause any clogged pores or breakouts
my lips started to get dried out
it soaks in immediately
gets oily in summer
it minimized pores and fine lines.
moisturizes my torched skin
it cleans my face nicely
leaves your skin beautifully moisturized without clogging pores or turning your face into an oil slick
sinks in so beautifully
sinks right into your skin.
s to apply the foam
my skin feels baby bottom said after rinsing
i swear i feel the buildup in my pores lifting
purify it to prevent further breakouts
soft after it is rinsed off
the wiping with the cloth does
love the cloth it comes with
i love using a hot facecloth to open my pores then gently polish the cleanser off
residue free happy skin
my face was glowing immediately after i rinsed off
i rubbed it in dry
then put the steaming hot cloth over my face
i gently rubbed the cloth around
then rinsed the cloth
i rinsed with cold water
dissipates as soon as you're done rinsing the last of it off
with a nice large cotton wash cloth
pulling out funk from clogged pores in a creamy base that doesn't leave your face feeling tight
dirt in the pores all without drying out the skin
for those with drier/dry to normal skin to use the balm
to deep cleanse the skin with the cloth
normally leave a towel over my pillow
i only apply a very thin layer
i believe it clogged my pores
the ingredients contain chemicals that let the plant extracts get deeper into the layers of your skin
i typically apply it right after i've used a peel or clay mask
i layer it as my last skin care step
stop scrubbing it so much
use a rose mask daily to help heal
i first got it as a sample along with the rose stem cell moisturizer
the pumpkin mask dries out my acne while the rose mask leaves my face glowing
cooling just at room temp
rinsed off very thick
will have to waste time dipping little spatulas into the jar
i dried my skin out using a boric mud mask
tight as it dries down
most likely it absorbs into my skin
not so oily after i rinse with cool water
less drying mattifying stuff
mufe step 1 mattifying primer really dried my skin out
gives my skin moisture
i smeared it on my face
though you only need a thin layer
so there was no goopy buildup
soothes my flushed skin after i shower
hot showers exacerbate it
the glamglow blue moisture mask
i typically use masks for removing toxins
does not leave a stain or residue on my pillow
flushed looking skin all over my face
it had dried up a little kbit
when i rinsed it off
washed it off with cool water
then rinsed it off with warm water
i put a thin layer on my skin over night
with one application of the cooled mask overnight it is completely healed
i can even apply powdered makeup to the area today with no visible dryness
caked on a layer before bedtime
some masks leave sticky residue
then washed with cold water
maybe it was pores clogged under
the product is a sticky
i also tried its other use as a thin layer over your regular serums
but for dry skin - fab!
made my skin glow as soon as i rinsed it off
applying a thin layer to leave overnight
i dab the mask on my breakout
now the whole tub is wasted!)
massaging it in to leave on as an overnight mask/treatment
i leave my gel in the frig to get the nice soothing cooling sensation
does soften the skin
kind of like how a bentonite clay mask does
the gel dries down to a slight tacky feel
as an overnight treatment by applying a very thin layer all over my face
i keep the jar in the refrigerator
it's a strong anti aging mask that puts stem cells in the skin
once i rinse it off
the gel is cooling when used as a mask
is packed with moisture
as the directions suggest i put a thin layer on over my moisturizer
my pores appear smaller
this rose one is less drying than the anti-aging wash
my pores appear smaller
i really like the way is cleanses without stripping my skin of moisture
rose cells help to regenerate skin cells
i noticed it's slightly drying
it doesn't leave a residue.
tepid water to wash my face in morning
no residue or dry
it has a little lather
gently cleans without drying my skin
i love that it gently exfoliates without
it reminded me a little of the cornstarch goop stuff kids make for science experiments
gooey on a wet face
removes make-up wonderfully
is easy to rinse off
this is a thick gel
gets rid of dead skin cells with its active ingredients
have severely dry skin
which is a powerful combination for removing dead skin cells
splashing the skin first helps distri
i found wetting the skin first allows the product to produce more of a suds
then mix with water
it cleans very well without stripping moisture.
this plumps the skin and exfoliates my t-zones.
strip away the sebum that i generate at night :
maybe that's the stem cells?
it cleans my face without drying it out.
i naturally have oily skin
now you just need to come out with a rose stem cell moisturizer
since it is not a rinse-off mask
it soaks right in when i put it on
i even detected a minimization of my pores
a thin layer is all that's needed.
it evens out the skin and minimizes pores.
i paired it with a translucent powder
it doesn't cling to dry patches or emphasis texture
hot that you constantly sweat
which is a few drops in your palms
then using fingers to apply to face
acts like a primer around the lips to prevent lipstick bleeding
more on the dryer side
glides easily on top of my daily shiseido benefiance cream
does not accentuate pores or wrinkles.
throw over an oil absorbing primer
actually protects your face
doesn't sink into fine lines
my nose is usually a grease ball after a few hours
apply it with my fingers
rub it in circular motions on your face
it magically becomes one with your skin
smooths it all out.
it doesn't seem to oxidize into that awful orange color either
t doesn't clog any pores
the next it turns oily
it helps evens out my skin
it instantly smoothes out my larger pores incredibly well
might prefer in a tub to minimize that.
lasts all day without feeling cakey or thick
only foundation i use is bare minerals's loose foundation
my pore was invisible
it doesn't clog my pore
my skin has become dryer
can only use this when skin tan permits
my pores look almost nonexistent
t's not gloppy or pasty
powder foundation settled into my pores/fine lines by the end of the day
i literally use 3 to 4 drops
i add a little highlighter to my palm
i rediscovered it as a smoothing base underneath powder foundation
does not settle into pores or lines
i dust with the hourglass ambient light powder after application
i apply it with the bareskin brush
i can get this product to blend seamlessly into my skin
and it gives my skin plenty of moisture.
blotting sheets at the ready
somehow day after day product drips out all over the bottle from under the black cap
love this product because it covers evenly
a bit thin, but absorbs well.
absorbed quickly into my life
it locked in the moisture.
it's a gel that absorbs quickly
and my hands and nails love it, too!
it absorbs quickly without leaving an oily feel
oil that soaks right in with a smooth texture.
great with rose water balancing mist.
it absorbs very quickly
applying a thin layer everywhere on my face
i apply a second layer to my cheeks
go back to gently rub in any excess product
i get little piles of sloughed skin
two minutes with a warm cloth
it feels sticky upon application
if you take the belif moisture bomb cream in your palm
add 3-4 drops of this oil
my skin absorb this oil quickly
soaks right into the skin
oil absorbed fairly quickly
it gets absorbed in gradually
it is thin and went on evenly.
this oil contains an essential oil bled that will help penetrate into the skin
doesn't irritate my eyes
comes off in bits
this one absorbs quickly
the skin around my lids would get
more so than before, my lid seems more contoured.
quercetin eye cream if applied too close to the upper eye lid
it soaks in well
it plumps up skin temporarily
melted into my skin
would help the crepe-like lids i've developed
just melts into my skin
it keeps my eye area moist
de puff your eyes- this is it
rather helps with blending it into the skin
it is the thickest eye cream i have ever used
i love the rose eye gel from fresh!
it absorbs quickly without stickiness allowing my under eye concealer to be applied easily
calming sensation as you rub it in
this gel hydrates enough under my eye to prevent creasing
sinks right into the skin after applying it
doesnt make my eyes burn
hyaluronic acid draws water to the skin
it soaks in quick
absorbes quickly into the skin
quickly into the sensitive under eye skin area without leaving a trace of heaviness or greasiness
the cream quickly freshens up eyes
filling in fine lines
hydrates my undereye area without feeling greasy or causing milia
creams that sit on the surface of the skin
it soaks right in after a minute
eye make-up goes on smoothly without creasing
it soaks in very well
my make up applied beautifully without creasing a bit
the moisture lasts all day
find it absorbs quickly
absorbs quickly and nicely into skin.
it does absorb into the skin well
it dissipates really fast
it takes a minute to sink into the skin
some made my lids super oily
it doesn't seep into my eyes
you name it-this actually fades the reddish traces of scars
before putting on the verso dark spot fix i cleanse
verso erased the sun spots from the sun drenched summer
so, i've never ever used pore strips before.
i feel the need to address the slightly enlarged pores
best pore strips i have ever used.
these nose strips are amazing.
my pores are huge and never shrink...ever.
anything that says pores i've tried
it pulled so much disgusting junk out of his pores
they don't get deep down into the pores
there's a second pad with moisturizer to help seal the pores
the second step absorbs quickly into the skin
i felt it pulled more from your pores
the second patch is excellent at closing the pores
this products pulls the dirt right out of your skin
the second moisture patch is really calming
does tighten the pores after
great little step to clear out any clogged pores.
i like how theres a strip that closes your pores back up after
hot water to help open your pores
holy moly does it tighten your pores
you can actually see your blackhead glued to the stripe when you remove it
this product cleaned out my pores much better
these pore strips are fabulous!
they get out sooo much gunk from your pores
plus the second step is great to tighten pores
pulled out all the "gunk" in my pores.
they literally snatch everything out of your pores
usually the darker 'blackheads' that aren't raise are just sebaceous filaments
that's why the patch grabs onto the raised actual blackheads
pores felt cleaned out afterwards
the moist strip was nice
i've tried nose strips before
the first strip clears my pores partially
does a good job minimizing my pores
i did see a lot of gunk pulled out of my pores
the wet strip after was soothing
who doesn't like ripping stuff out of their pores with glorified duct tape?
got a lot of gunk off my nose
instead of leaving them open for more gunk
neither strips irritates my skin either
these strips got a lot of big blackheads completely out
actually pulls out blackheads!
left my pores open
clears blackheads without enlarging pores
i tried a pack of biore strips
i also like the cooling sheet mask for the nose after the dry patch
i tried the strips on my nose
removed around 10 blackheads/clogged pores with each strip
the 2nd strip was cooling and calming.
i've tried a few other strips before that are suppose to remove/reduce blackheads
n love with these pore strips
i used the one time nose pore strip today
this product removed the most blackheads when i compare to other strips
when i removed the wet strip
the wet strip is cumbersome
i've always tried blackhead strips from the drugstore
the moisture patch fixes that
while my pores were not very clogged to begin with
the wet strip did appear to tighten my pores.
looks like broken capillaries.
and the after moisture strip is even better!
it's a wet patch you lay on immediately after pulling off the pore strip
it'll also prolong the benefits of using the the dry strip keeping the pores small
allowing less dirt in
a box of the boscia pore purifying black strips in the same order
helps close pores up after removing all that sebum
prefer them over the boscia pore purifying black strips
it definitely cleaned my pores out
pull out the gunk
it comes with an applicator.
i easily get dehydration lines that cause my concealers to cake
the snow has melted from my backyard
i live in the desert this cream combats the harsh desert environment
typically everything burns my eyes
shiseido benefiance wrinkleresist24 intensive eye contour cream is greasy on me
it's not the quickest absorbing creme, either.
it really clears up all the "gunk" in my pores
the mask isn't drying at all
after the thin layer of mask is totally dry i use small amounts of water on my h
rub it into my skin
the instructions say after it dries
to rinse it off with water
then i rinsed it off with water.
my pores looked cleaner
then the super mud
it dissipates shortly after
washing off was easy with warm water rubbed in small gentle circles then a wipe with a clean facecloth
couldn't even feel a pore or imperfection.
i follow up with an origins mask for pores or texture
always adding to my stack of jars
cool mask with little grains in it
my pores look smaller
the mud was nice
then using the charcoal mask to get rid of them
does not cause drying/peeling/flaking like many products do
it burns my face off
all the benefits of a deeply cleansing clay mask without the dry/tight after effects
as soon as i rinsed it off
my pores were visibly smaller!
i love how it dried into a clay
it deep cleans without drying my skin out
i like how quickly it softens into a cleanser
not a blackhead left on my entire face!!
i apply a light layer
cleans my skin so well
everything clings to my dry patches.
warms up at first
i've used clay masks for years
doesn't require scraping it off
it helps to remove all dirt
you only need a thin layer
i then wet my fingers
turning the mask into a creamy oil
very expensive but really clears pores.
then turns into a gentle
then rinsed off in circular motions like it says to
it reduced the appearance of pores
it's clearing up so rapidly
it is comparable to a mild acid peel.
fresh face, fresh hair, clean house.
this mask helps me clean my pores out
this washes off very easily
i applied a thin layer
actually exfoliate without leaving gunk all over your face
pores the size of a black hole
my outer skin looked clean
i still had dirt in my pores
this mask deep cleans
as the mask dries
i can feel it getting deep down into my pores
now its huge oily pores over nose
aging dry patches on forehead
cheeks that need constant moisture
it cleaned the gunk out of my impossible to clean huge pores
it is slightly drying
noticed that it dried
massaged it into the skin
kind of tightens as it dries
my face dried out
within seconds the serum is absorbed into my skin
very sun damaged skin
that price brings tears to my eyes
it really plumps up my fine lines
protects against skin discolouration
pores finer after the first week
this serum is truly working wonders for the furrow between my brows
keeping my skin full of moisture
i apply a thin layer in the morning as well
tightening, lifting, firming, and yes, sticky.
slightly cools my under eye area
dries within a few minutes
f you have dryness you'll need to layer on a eye cream
the stickiness wears off
it also soothes the eyes.
because this eye cream has a stickiness to it
instantly de-puffs my mom sized under eye baggage
does take a minute to absorb into skin
doesn't irritate your skin?
pat gently around the eyes
t can absorb the skin
i apply the tiniest amount of this all over the lid
it is a sticky formula
lift up your eyelids like the instructions
yes, this gel is sticky.
cools any under eye irritation
it is tacky to the touch as it dries
it washes off with just water rinse
my mascara just dissolves
this is a gel mask for under eyes.
it doesn't soak in
the stickiness goes away almost immediately.
my lids tightened up
pat it gently in
it spreads very easily
my lids are definitely lifted as well as my undereye bags
it really smooths things out for me
while it reduces bags a bit
to combat the stickiness i just cut a cotton wipe into small strips
softening of crows feet within three uses of ptr's ultimate lift eye gel
absorbs into the skin quickly
seems to improve absorption of my eye cream
lower lids right before bed
tightens pores immediately after use
i noticed that my skin began to tingle/lightly burn
after extensively rinsing off the product i noticed how baby smooth my skin felt
it burns a little at first if i have exfoliated with the clarisonic before
it helps resurface your skin
it smooths out my skin
my friend recommended that i try using an exfoliator to remove the dead skin which was probably causing those pesky clogged pores to build up
my face goes through periods of peeling
the peeling skin isn't there after use
after washing this off i used my clinique moisture surge
feeling dry like the sephora mud mask does
beside a great overnight moisture mask
you do have to get paste the burning because pumpkin enzyme is used for micro dermabrasion
this stuff literally cleaned everything out of my pores
when i rinsed my face i fully expected to be beet red due to my sensitivity
once i rinsed off the mask my skin was practically br
my skin is pinkish as i remove it
it smooths the skin
this mask seriously burns
truly cleanses every last pore every single time i use it
he washed off the mask
towel-dried his face
it was slightly drying
it stings a little while rubbing the mask into your skin
this mask dried it up
smooth after rinsing it off
my pores even look smaller after using it
the particles are fine
a thin layer goes a long way
tingles a tiny bit upon application
my monthly facial includes a pumpkin peel
massage it in circles with my fingertips
cleans out my pores like no other mask.
it has tiny exfoliators
this is perfect to remove dead skin
exfoliated all the dead skin cells
i love using the cucumber mask right after washing it off to soothe
you only need a thin layer
removes not only the surface debris
used a very thin layer to cover my face
my pores were smaller
after rinsing the mask off
my pores suddenly didn't exist!
i rinsed it off immediately.
it has a scrubbing effect when applied.
it helps clean out pores
skins sensitive to facial scrubs should be warned
rinsed it off at the end
my skin is burned
my pore feel clogged or i'm breaking out
very oily/lots of pores in my t-zone
this product literally made my pores disappear
got rid of the dry patches of skin on my chin
i apply a thin layer like twice a week
she uses a very similar enzyme mask that also tingle/burns
without drying it out
smooths my skin without harsh ingredients
this product burns dead skin off
wipes don't exactly remove my gel or liquid liner
cleans my large pores
it foams up so nicely.
i could tell the dirt was free from my pores
s toner just to get the skin clean this does it perfectly with out the wipes
they're cleansed away within a day or
clogged pores that i've had for years
really cleanse makeup/dirt in your pores
leaves my skin thoroughly cleaned and pores tight
yellowish color around my mouth gone
normal to dry on my cheeks
dry out my cheeks
doesn't strip my skin
it helps prevent the over drying that can occur
i pump a small amount on my new sephora konjac sponge
doesn't strip the skin
cleanses without drying or stripping
dries fairly quickly into your skin
you only need a little thin dab
not oily or sticky.
my pores are much smaller
it is a thick cream
it is a thicker formula
absorbs quickly on the skin
my skin tends to flake
which severely dries out your skin
my pores are almost invisible
in the winter my cheeks get dry
then becomes absorbed fairly quickly
over to really lock the moisture in
keep it from evaporating or seeping in too fast
makeup just balls up or slides around!
no dry flakes accentuated when i put on foundation
it absorbs quickly and leaves no greasy residue.
hydrates without being filmy or greasy.
stays on smoothly instead of flaking off throughout the day
this dries down matte
it helps lock in the moisture from the cream
forehead are very oily
it calms my skin down so much
it absorbs really fast
it is light weight and absorbs quickly.
it absorbed quickly into my oily/combination skin
i apply this to my freshly cleaned face
it diminishes my white heads/clogged pores significantly within the first use or two
i can rub or peel them right off with my fingers
it soaks right into the skin
upper eye-lid sag
pores are almost invisible now
i noticed this product helps your skin to "purge"
it seems to add moister
i just rub this into my eyelashes
or wreak havoc on my lashes
one pump of this cleansing oil rubbed gently in a circular motion over my eyes before i shower takes every bit of makeup off with no negative effects
it removed all the layers gently without leaving my skin feeling slick or oily
i love how it melts everything
doesn't irritate my eyes
like mascara or liner residue
reduces the dark circles?
it using liquid liner became a mess
soaks into my skin nice
only problem is it has a slight vapor to it
disapates once on your skin quickly
smells nice, moisturizes well and dries quickly.
dry patches on my cheeks
it's helping to minimize my pores
it sinks in really quickly
plumps up my skin
it disappears into the skin
it softens my skin so quickly
it's the best mask to remove excess dry skin for a radiant soft finish in only 2 minutes
i rub it onto my dry skin for one minute then wet my fingers
the flakes that build on my nose
it looks like green snot
apply it to dry skin
i used cotton pads to remove
my skin was super super smooths after wards
i applied with a brush.
lightly rub on with dry h
very gently dispense a small amount in the palm of your h
normally try to steer clear of manual exfoliators
a layer with less wrinkles!!!
it lingers on the h
it is completely liquid
flash rinse is awesome.
your skin is congested
has seen his pores virtually disappear
then activate with water
squishing it around the bottle to mix it back up
the micropolish works perfectly to smooth out any roughage around my nose
once i wet my fingertips
gently massage it into my whole face then wet my finger
it turns into slippery gel like texture.
after 1 minute i rinse it off
massage it in for several minutes to slough off dead cells
the full size is a runny bright green liquid
my pores look smaller
or until dry skin begins to flake off
when u damp your fingers with water
my pores can get clogged
caution to those with oily acne: the acid stimulates
adding this to the mix virtually erases any visible pores
i love using flash rinse to awaken my skin the morning
skin is brighter and pores are tightened.
prepares my skin for moisture
rinsed off after a minute
you take damp fingers
when i rinse it off
instantly smoothed out the surface of my skin
had a lactic peel that went wrong
doesn't clog pores or leave any visible residue
it helps prevent dry patches
the creme helps my fine lines in my forehead disappear
melts into the skin
have combo dry/oily skin
thick and tends to dry out my skin.
it doesn't clog or feel thick
my pores are huge
more balance oil/moisture
regains some of its elasticity
it smooths my skin out
consistency it actually absorbed into my skin quickly
it was instantly absorbed
comfort is maintained deep into the skin layers
it is sensitive and the pores get clogged easily.
using the white lucent softener
apply the concentrate to my fingertips
it absorbs really fast
that sticky feeling goes away once it seeps into your skin
takes moments to sink into your skin
it was absorbed quickly on my skin
keeps my acnes at bay
i've read that products can't really "shrink" pores
with pores minimized visibly
the bottle is tiny
big, aging pores are disappearing...i swear!
just a squirt and a half is all it takes!
it sinks in immediately
pad it on my face gently in circular motions till it dries then apply my moisturizer after
when you ipen your pore by cleansing
when you apply your skin soaks it up lobe love love
soothe after wind/sun/dry/swim
provides great moisture for my skin
because my skin is dry from underneath
not on the surface
my skin quickly absorbs it
it hydrates well beneath the skin surface without leaving a greasy residue
absorbs very quickly into the skin
let those germs marinate
the not too greasy cream smooths on nicely.
this leaves no residue
your skin takes a toll
i lightly run a tissue over my skin to pick up any excess product
melts into your skin without a heavy feeling
i don't find it clears out pores, or detoxes.
total thirst quench for dry skin.
i put a thick glob on my face
majority of it will soak into your skin
this mask immediately soothes my skin after applying that mask
this mask doesn't sting
this mask hydrates in all the right places
quickly sinks into your skin
the mask really absorbs into your skin
it doesn't dry to a stiff mask
to be massaged on your face
add water, and it turns into a milky cleanser.
it melts away a full face of heavy
waterproof makeup in seconds with zero tugging or skin irritation
turns into a light emulsification
it does leave an oily residue so using a washcloth helped
then use 'warm' water to emulsify the product
by morning it has soaked in my skin
it melts away make up
it goes from a gel substance to light lather once water is added
it'll dissolve your make-up
this product not only cleans thoroughly
once you emulsify it
it turns into a milky cleanser
this melts right away in your h
leave it while i brush my teeth
remove with a hot cloth
it melts right onto your face
a beautiful thick oil based gel to start
melts into the skin
use a warm wet washcloth to remove instead of rinsing
rub it onto dry skin
absolutely melts even waterproof mascara
then turn milky with water
i like that it turns to a milky bath with water.
never dries my skin out
this awesome sauce stuff melts the makeup off
most of the time i follow up with another foamy cleanser to remove the residual oil left behind
debris from the skin
melts away the days cake face without stripping skin
rinse off with wet washcloth then follow with toner to pick up any oily film left behind
just rub it into your skin in circular motions
it will melt right off as soon as you rinse with water
it goes on like a gel
then when you apply water it turns milky
it melts away my long lasting foundation
removes any traces of leftover mascara around my eyes
wash off with a wet face cloth rinsed twice
the way it melts into your skin feels like you're getting a facial at the spa
everything just washes away
melts into your face
turns into an oil
then gets creamy when you add water
not enough water during the "emulsifying" step
massaged until it turns from a gel into an oil
you apply on dry skin, add water and cleanse.
it melts into the makeup easily
goes on thick adn oily
once wet thins out immediately
i scrub my eyelash with my fingertips
the product goes on dry skin
melts away your makeup
then it foams up when you splash water on your face
after which it transforms from a gel into a more oily consistency
it goes on thick
melts into your skin
melts away waterproof eye makeup
then add warm water
it gets a little milky
it comes out gel
it takes off all the impurities, and makeup.
foams easily it goes on like a oil
then rinse with warm water
i love the emulsion it turns into when you add water
my skin still flakes
i suggest using a wet rag to remove
as it will leave micro algae oil behind if rinsed with just water
turns into a wonderful oil that really cleans my skin
does an amazing job with impurities
then follow up with a foaming cleaner
doesn't leave an oily residue
give it a second to melt on to your skin
it is pure silk under your eyes
it emulsifies fairly quickly
melting into a smooth oil
after it dried, my face looks naturally.
my skin absorb well.
this in particular is of benefit because i've had issues with previous creams clumping beneath makeup application
it absorbs nicely into my skin
absorbs well yet leaves a moisture barrier which i love
a super bonus is that it smooths
plumps my normally dehydrated skin which truly makes my fine lines/wrinkles practically disappear
smoothes my eyelids to boot
cleared up extra dry patches under brows
i want to use on upper lid
this product absorbs quickly
i still have broken capillaries
this serum is fast absorbing
it absorbs so quick
plus it absorbs quickly
it absorbs quickly and lightweight.
it just melts it away!
as well as the burning sensation
it melts off my makeup beautifully
my pores are smaller
it doesn't strip my skin.
it literally melts away my make up
the texture just melts my makeup off!
i scoop out some of the gel
i then rub in the gel on my dry skin
it transforms into a oil consistency
it transforms into a milky
they melt to liquid when you massage in the face
takes all of the make up off including the tight lining waterproof eyeliners
quickly melted everything off
rose hips seed oil
just melts everything away
rinses so easily with warm water
wipe with a damp face cloth
my pores seem a little smaller after i wash it off
leaves my skin soft with no soapy residue.
it melts off even my waterproof makeup in 2 seconds while feeling light
causes my skin to become acenegic or one that completely dehydrates
gently rub it into my skin
then use a warm wet washcloth to remove the excess
have major grease face
gently melts away all makeup
i like to call it my "face gunk" because it removes absolutely all of the gunk left on your face including eye liner
excellent for dry skin and removing make up!
i wipe it off with a warm wash cloth after
debris off of your face
instantly melts away makeup
then wiping the residue off with a face towel
apply it onto dry skin
where as it's massaged in
it foams just a little
it melts into bliss on your face
keeps it moist for a long time
goes on as a warm gel-to-oil
removes my tarte foundation
i pair this up with the clean truth wipes
splashed my face with water then rubbed this
then i rinsed off with warm water
it actually keeps my face moist
literally melts my makeup off
as soon as the skin dries the feeling goes away
as soon as i fully rinsed
simply rinse it with warm water
i wear a lot of liner
this cleans it all off quickly
the 2nd time with my clarisonic brush to remove any residue
literally melted my makeup off!
it's a gel that becomes an oil
then has a milky consistency when rinsed with water
smooth after i rinse it off
it instantly removes all make up revealing a soft
then once you add warm water it turns into a milky texture
takes a little while to rinse completely off
makeup just melts off
breaking down the grime
keep this jar sanitized
it does change texture as the massaging is prolonged
that can only be removed with a washcloth
after rinsing there is a luminous
it easily removes stubborn
you'll see it transform from jelly to oil
i massaged all over
you just need a small dab on the tips of your fingers
then rinse with warm water
there was always some hidden mascara or liner left behind that spread out after rinsing or second cleansing
washes off easily with out leaving any oily residue
it just melts everything away
i am shocked at how many people think that mineral oil clogs pores
there for it can't seep into pores
just on the surface
it works as a barrier that holds the moisture in the skin
as someone with combo/oily skin
eye makeup sometimes takes an extra cotton swab micellar water to clean up
it washes off quickly
it doesn't clog pores
leaves my sling soft
hydrates the dry parts of my face without a leftover oily feeling
oil and them face wash.
cleanly rinses off with no oily residue
it goes on as a watery oil
makes pores appear smaller
your skin is clean of any traces of dirt while leaving you will a silky smooth face
takes every trace off effortlessly
for me, it absorbs quickly.
the dried skin has regenerated leaving it smooth
it also helps tighten and lift my eyelids.
like it's plumping up my eye tissue on contact
instantly absorbs, doesn't just sit on skin.
relieves congestion in the morning
we don't need to be rubbing toxic chemicals into our faces
subtly repairing the skin
my makeup is no longer caking in my creases in my forehead
this fine line serum after a few uses cleans those lines right up
it is soothing and cooling without being numbing.
it helps balance my skin and control my oil.
it balances the dryer areas of my face
take off excess with tissue before applying make up
this gives my skin moisture
however its a thick cream
not greasy or shiny
drier skin in the summer
it absorbs right into my skin leaving my face moisturizer
/or prevent my foundation from absorbing
seems to suck up moisture from the atmosphere
deliver it into my dry skin
the hyaluronic acid really seems to sink into my skin
fills out my fine lines
very dry with patches of oiliness
plumps out my lines
it definitely rebalances skin that is lacking moisture retention
while using the nude skincareprogenius™ treatment oil as a base then apply a sea of a pea on the rough blemishes
it is like a gel texture that just absorbs nicely into the skin
i used up my glamglow thirsty mud
it sinks right into my skin
your skin will soak this up
it helps retain all the moisture i put into my skin
started applying a thick layer under my eyes every night
when i wash this off i'm left with glowy skin not oily greasy skin
melts into the skin
with all of the dust
without being greasy or clogging your pours
leans oily in hot weather
i love how it dries down it like sinks in
it can layer on top of serum without rolling up.
my face gets so dry to the point that it peels
the dryness was completely gone as were the bumps/texturized skin
i like to use it after using my glam glo clearing mud mask since that can be drying
it absorbs into the skin very quickly
fully absorbs after a little bit
my cheeks are normally dryer
my nose is oily
absorbs into skin overnight
my dryness is slowly disappearing
rinse it off in the morning
smooths under eye area
my skin just soaks it right up
combination oily in the summer
it completely fixed my skin
it sinks into my skin
that cream dries your skin out to the point that you peel like a gross
poof dry skin gone
i apply a thin layer
i typically have drier skin.
/or using the fantastic sephora face brush
my forehead gets super oily
only used the mask for my cheeks
doesn't peel with dryness
my scalp isn't oily anymore
keeps the moisture in the whole next day
i instantly used the charcoal mask followed by this intensive overnight mask
this hydrates my skin without leaving it greasy
this keeps the flakiness
dry patches at bay
this mask rejuvenates my skin
it does not irritate my sensitive skin or clog my pores
om patches of flakes on my cheeks
my face no longer peels from being dry
it absorbs into your skin quickly.
it completely rejuvenates my face
the look of my pores has decreased
the skin on my lower cheeks was reddened from sun damage
this serum is much thinner is quickly absorbs.
absorbs easily into the skin
my skin absorbed it quickly
just used the plastic cover to scoop out the cream to limit contamination
soothes my under eye area
it also de-puffs my lid area.
all these without causing milia seeds.
it also wears well underneath concealers.
it was already stained
this one took the stain off
it cleans my skin thoroughly
it cleaned my skin
didn't leave a residue after i rinsed
my skin care products glide on
cleans well and does not dry out skin.
on my lips with a damp face
this product cleanses great without drying my face even more
cooling on my skin
it actually keeps a lather until it's rinsed off
i work in an industry where my pores get clogged
it rinses away very clean
starts dense and foams up.
oil off of your skin
my pores are shrinking
not too airy like other foam cleansers that dissolve quickly
it washed away the blotches
oil from the skin
helps with greasy skin
it fixed my dry skin
the foam is light
smoothes my skin out
this foam does magic to my skin!
find it cleanses without drying
it cleans well and doesn't dry my skin.
typically dries out with foamy products
this product cleans great
it cleaned them completely
the foam is not too thin or thick
it removes waterproof well
i like that it cleans
this product cleans well
you can apply the foam
my pores are noticiably smaller in just a week i hope this cleanser stays
wipe it off with a cotton pad soaked in water
gentle cleanser deep-cleans my skin w/o stripping it
the radiance cleansing foam fills the bill --
it's gentle, minimizes pores,
my pores are shrinking
it really takes all the grime off
this foam i only need 2-3 pumps
it rinses off very easily
it instantly made the pores on my nose look much smaller
cleans very well and none drying.
my huge pores are tiny now
i am 60 with sun damaged skin!
the foam is very lightweight
it cleanses nicely doesn't feel like it dries my skin out
it cleans dirty on my face without drying.
it is very foamy.
overnight creams just create an oil slick on my face
when you put it on it glides onto my skin
my pores are smaller
the skin started felling oily
it quenches my skin all night
this product melted into my skin
gulping at the price
prevents my skin from turning red
all the fresh masks
dry patches around my mouth
my skin literally drinks it up
after i rinsed my face off
in the morning rinsed off
my large pores are gone
easy to apply and rinse off in morning
it was a very cooling sensation
my pores even looked smaller!
smoothed out my dry patches
my pores were smaller
my pores appeared smaller
i put on a thin layer after i cleanse my face
smoothed out my skin
clear gel that dries down fast
i usually will use a gel moisturizer over top of this mask after it dries down
use a powder foundation because liquid makes me break out
this mask dries down a bit
it's a great shot of moisture
it soaks in very quickly
it soaks in within seconds
won't cause any more irritation or issues because it cleans your skin as it hydrates deep down
it was nicely absorbed
along with the pure revival peel
it just easily sinks into the sense
letting it soak in overnight
locks it into your skin
it immediately soothing my burning skin.
it goes on light and absorbs right in.
this is the only mask that sinks in
i love clear gel masks
absorbs with no residue
even made my pores look smaller
this product is diminishing these pores right before my eyes
very light and easy to absorb.
pores went from huge to almost invisible
leaving my skin moist
completely soak into my skin
large pores around the nose
just like water to fish.
it does what it says: locks the moisture in.
this product absorbs very well into the skin as a result it feels light even after applying on moisturizer
easily absorb into your skin
this serum can be absorbed quickly
the fact that the hyaluronic acid is encapsulated in the seaweed bead means it stays fresh until it bursts on your skin
it can't oxidize in the container because the bead protects from oxidation
they quickly completely soak into my skin
i've even noticed my pores minimizing
it doesn’t irrigate my sensitive skin
easy to be absorbed by my skin
my huge pores are minimised and face less oily!
the product absorbs almost instantly
this slimmed my cheeks down
normally i use moisture sprays
it separated the powder
then i had to reapply the powder
this stuff absorbs quickly into my skin
until it completely dries
fortunately it dries fast
quickly smooths itself out over my face
i dropped the glass dipper
tight canvas for your foundation
plus it definitely minimizes pores
once it absorbed into my skin
it erases your pores
due to lifting your skin
it binds all the water in your foundations
t does not congest the skin like a lot of silicone
as soon as i put this on my skin i can see the pores shrink
my pores less visible
dry patches under control
this gel serum amazes me how quickly it soaks into the skin
no creasing it smooth everything out
smooths out the wrinkle instead of filling it in
it has the same effect - plumping and smoothing.
just a few drops tightens
then dab your finger on your face
it pumps up the skin
a dab of benefit "pores-no-more" on my forehead/chin
i pat it lightly onto my cheeks
quickly becomes tacky when exposed to air
i highly recommend patting it onto face until absorbed opposed to smoothing it
it magically adds moisture or something to your skin that reduces the look of fine lines-- i have some on my forehead
it dries very smooth
this light weight miracle gel in a bottle tightens your skin
smooths fine lines instantly
tightens brightens and lifts instantly.
the hyaluronic acid instantly plumps up the skin
finally there's a great anti aging product that won't clog pores
i need a shot of moisture
wakens up my skin
i tried a thick layer in my dry spots
warm it in the palm of my h
this comes with a little plastic spatula so you don't have to stick your fingers in the pot
it does form a barrier to prevent loss of moisture
this saved my horribly dry peeling skin.
-- using it as a spot-treatment helpfully hides any flakes while preventing more from forming
cream slid off of my scaly dry skin
it completely fixed my skin
have found it is ecellent for dealing with raggedy severly dry cuticles
help keep moisture locked in
not slimy since my skin soaks it right up
fresh seaberry sink in my skin
applying it directly onto dry
soothes my dry, parched skin.
layer it over clinique moisture surge intense at night
it emulsifies into an oil upon contact with skin.
i need just a light dusting of powder on shiny areas like the forehead
my skin feels infused with moisture
melts into skin and absorbs after a few minutes.
it is a surface layer though
does not absorb into the skin as well as the liquid
only slightly thinner once it melts onto the skin
peeling skin on my h
melts instantly into an oil
the dry skin on my nose
my cuticles are wretched
there is a tiny spoon included to dip into the balm
they can be messy -- this balm immediately transforms into an oil once it touches your skin
along with large pores
the corresponding brush head has done wonders for keeping my pores clean
the pm face washes
instantly my face looked radiant after rinsing off
i usually double cleans
it whisks away dirt
i started to rinse my face with water after using the micro water
just splash your face with water
immediately after working out or sweating on the face to remove the drying salt
the removal of the dirt has also really help reduce my breaks out the sides of my cheeks where i have large pores
with a cotton pad before i apply toner
really gets the oil/ grease out of your pores
toning skin without leaving a residue
leaves on no itchiness or oily layer like others
not stripped or raw
accidentally rubbed it near my lash line
trapped residue from face products
a gentle product that cleans like a power horse
liquid liner off in one swipe
gunk from my pores when i'm in a hurry
i just use it on a cotton pad
swipe over my face then follow with my softening lotion
saturate a cotton pad with the water.
i just apply a couple of drops of this to a cotton pad
don't over-soak the cotton pad
works great without over drying.
it cleans very well, no burning sensation.
sebum-destroying mattifying anything has been able to keep the grease away
it really takes off a lot of impurities
it takes off my mascara without leaving behind a greasy residue or getting in my eyes
it is a bit drying
i saturate a cotton ball and clean my face.
then saturate a cotton pad with this
this micellar water really works to remove surface debris
it doesn't strip the skin of the sebum which keeps it healthy
it removed so gently and efficiently.
it cleans all the oil
residue out of my pores
it's an oil/pore-dwelling debri magnet
it somehow cleaned residue out of my pores that i didn't know was still in my pores
oils absorb so much quicker
now i swipe this micro-water over my skin
i douse my cotton pad pretty well.
once i've rinsed my face is glowy
my pores are invisible
even some excess dirt
glowing after i've washed it after applying this water
this micro water always finds residual dirt/residue
it also takes off my mascara and eyebrow pen.
this takes of my waterproof liner without tugging at my eye or stinging
it makes my skin plump n moist
dryer in the winter
i apply a layer every night
leaves a protective film over your skin
my pores were smaller
even more pores appear smaller
occasional oiliness on my forehead
soaks into my skin well
i also love the coolness of it as it helps reduces puffiness
the mask is thick
it absorbs really nicely into the skin.
dry skin tends to age faster than oily
the product is thick
it's thick when applied
it literally does work like a corset on my skin
it is a thick creme but doesn't feel thick on.
so the texture turned into a more elastic/slightly sticky/tight consistency once applied
there's absolutely no trace of greasy or waxy feeling
great overnight mask for dry skin.
sticky on my pillow
your body is repairing itself while you're sleeping
it is thick at first but absorbs well.
it feels as if the mask has completely absorbed into my skin
creates a seal on your face
locking in the moisture
a nice layer applied to your face
usually i have oily skin with bigger pores on my cheeks
a few days of washing with cold water
applying this has completely cleared up he poison ivy with minimal itching
the jar lasts quite a while .
it won't raise your jowls
it also smooths out any premature wrinkles
smoothing effect of this cream
creams it seemed to diminish my small undereye pores instead of enlarging them
the instructions say to "massage a generous layer" into the skin
it actually tightens my skin.
only need a thin layer
absorbs nicely into skin
this mask helped my skins flare ups.
it did not clog my pores
it just melts into your skin
plumped it up minimizing wrinkles slightly
when i rinsed my face
just put a thin layer on
seems to have regulated the oiliness of my skin.
sticks even clean fingers in
it degrades the cream a bit
brant's pores no more refiner under makeup which is a good putty for filling in wrinkles
it's slowly losing its elasticity
tightens my pores drastically
the microdelivery peel works so
in one use, my big pores shrank by 80%!!!
it gets rid of large pores overnight
around my lip contour
you would need to use a magnifying glass to see our wrinkles now
even my pores look smaller!
used under makeup it really reduces creasing as well
plus it immediately zaps my red spots when applied to them
it's not going to instantly evaporate your wrinkles
it smooths and relaxes - it isn't a complete fix.
pat the product onto your skin
it visibly reduces/tightens wrinkles in both areas
i love the mud mask
it's just like applying the mud mask
then it turns to foam with water
after i wash it off i can see my pores open up
the charcoal really gets all the dirt
i dropped it literally 30cm onto my bathroom floor
it didn't make my cheeks dry
i've gone through 4 containers of it.
it works wonders for oily skin!
this face wash isn't drying
it even makes my pores look smaller.
sink, back splash, surrounding walls, etc.
in winter unclogging pores
it soaks up oil
it keeps my breakouts at bay
a silicone facial brush without issue
black moor mud cleanser
my pores are smaller after using this
light colored towels if you don't thoroughly rinse it off like around your hairline
it comes out in a mud consistency
this face wash helps my combo skin
this foams up really nicely with my clarisonic.
because it clears up my blemishes
does help curb excess sebum production
really helps to control my oil and shrinks pores!
it clears my breakouts
along with the glamglow supermud clearing treatment mask
oils without drying out my skin
it pumps out as grey clay
turns to a foamy texture after you add water
it starts as a mud
it turns into bubbles
i love the concept of it being mud to foam.
bath bubble foam-- it's a mild foaming
this cleanser draws the ance that is not on the surface out then it destroys it
finally i started using the glam glow super mud mask
night with a scrub brush
like my pores are tightening maybe?
my pores are almost invisible
as well as large pores
gets my 60+ year old skin clean without drying.
really clears your skin without drying it out.
also use the mud mask which i love.
then exfoliate with a lush ocean salt
it cleans my skin and detoxifies it so well!
cleaning out my huge pores on my nose
then gradually add water
sensitive skin with huge pores
keeps my oily skin at bay
cleans your skin like no other
then 3 times a week use the super mud mask
really controlled my oily skin
it goes onto your dry
this face wash regulated my skin
it helps clear out my pores
the blue orchid face treatment oil banishes the flakes after one use
it can locks up all the moist on face.
i also like the toning body oil from clarins.
from hair to skin to nails
it gives a barrier to protect my skin from the cold
this is the only oil i use that will soothe my skin when it starts to sting from daily irritants--perspiration
you can use a serum underneath it.
dry patches on my scalp
it works wonderfully without making my hair or scalp oily
warmed between the palms
removes everything without leaving skin dry or tight
take it off with a warm washcloth
then using a washcloth or damp cotton pads
pump squirts too hard though
it transforms into a gentle milk
it can be rinsed completely
it fades pretty quickly
it only soothes my skin
it created a barrier that seals the moist inside
use of cotton pads to remove final residue
i wipe it off with a towel
my skins moisture level is balanced
nourishes my dry skin
doesn't strip the natural oils from your skin
my skin tolerates oil well
it washes away clean
massage it gently into your skin then rinse with cool water
no more oily skin
it has a jelly-like consistency that melts into an oil when you massage it into your face
it washes away clean with water/a washcloth
struggle with my pores along my nose
clean and soft without drying your skin.
i think it helps to keep my pores clean.
i massage for about 30 seconds then add a bit of water to emulsify
it turns into this milky soft magic
develop seasonal oiliness as we head into the warm
exfoliates your skin without drying it out
a grayish liquid oil that feels amazing on your face
doesn't leave your skin stripped of moisture
rinse with cool water
i also don't get such clogged pores
massage it in circular motions
then emulsify it with water
massage in circular motions
then wipe off with a wet facial tissue
it truly deep cleans without drying out your skin
then pat it with a towel lightly
then after massaging it in you will rinse off.
i madsage it into dry skin
wiping it off with a warm washcloth
i rub it on dry skin
feel that this cleanses well without stripping my skin
then remove with a warm wet washcloth
when removed with a wet washcloth
goes on like a cooling gel then lathers up
it has also helped to minimize my large pores
it helps with making my pores appear smaller
it doesn't feel heavy or clog my pores.
it moistures very well
melts into your skin
does not clog my poresdries quicklyno scentgood moisture
it plumps my skin right away
but it softens and smooths my skin!
it has helped with the visibility of my pores
i feel it helps diminish my forehead lines
this one absorbs so quickly
it absorbs so quickly, which i love!
it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin so soft!
after finishing my clinique intense moisture surge
it evens out my skin
really adds some moisture to my face
quicker absorbing than the clinique one
it soaks in quickly
then rub off the dead skin cells from the top layer
moisturized after i rub it the skin cells off in circular motions
i've tried products from bare minerals face washes
doesn't leave a film or excess grease
still manages to give my skin the moisture it needs
it's the perfect amount of moisture
pushing all that dirt to the surface
sits on my skin or so light that it barely moisturizes
it is very lightweight and soaks in quickly.
as it soaks in quickly
it glides on easily
after years of trying to find a lotion that leaves no grease
doesn't make you sweat from clogging pores
cheeks dry from new engl
oily skin in spring/summer
it keeps the dryness around my nose away
sinks so effortlessly into my skin
renewed hope in a jar feels perfect: quick absorption
then layer this on top
leaves skin still dry
it helps to remove my black circles and dryness!
absorbs nicely into the skin
tried a dab of it there
it also absorbs very quickly
it's a nice light weight that absorbs quickly.
day if i’m more on the oily side: the pore perfecting water gel
possibly the silk or water cream depending on my skin
my pores are invisible
surprisingly removed all my caked on make up very gently
it makes double sure i don't go to bed with contaminants or impurities on my skin since i also work in an er where bacteria floats around all day
this dissolves that and my mascara with ease.
it removes my eyelash glue very easily
getting rid of excess sebum
love how it turns to a white milky texture when you add water
it rinses away so easily
a perfect canvas for applying make up.
it washes off completely clean
it does melts away your makeup
even eyeliner melts away
it acted like a melt away cleanser.
cleanses skin beautifully in the morning
it all melts away
it really does melt off even thick foundation.
it rinses off easily as well.
not only it cleans.
it melts beautifully on your skin
washes off so easily
my mascara completely disappeared with light rubbing
adds so much moisture
this cleaned my face so gently without leaving it dry or peeling
it rinsed off so easily
rinsed away with no fuss whatsoever
cleaned my face beautifully
i even whipped my face with a white wash cloth afterwards
keeps dryness at bay
t dissolves away dirt
oily with dry patches in winter
so clogged pores are opened
acrylic body paint without killing my skin after halloween
soap dripping down your elbows right when you start cleansing
my pores are smaller
you add water-- which turns the product into a milky cleanser that will wash away all the dirt
hands down the best cleansing oil.
my pores would get clogged
i also do not like tugging at my skin with wipes
nstead of wetting your face
tatcha nails it once again.
it turns into a soft milky liquid that easily rinses off
clean without any residue to speak of
not oily or greasy
washes clean without residue
silky after washing it off
i tend to flake easily around my nose
i always used wipes or micellar water
also rinses easier than some i have tried.
then emulsify it first with water
my oily skin reacts negatively if i rub the oil directly onto dry skin
it turns milky once mixed with water
rub it all over your skin
then rinse it off with water
it takes off literally everything: general grime from throughout the day
it rinses off so clean.
especially when i use liquid liner
the oil rinses so cleanly
i've noticed my pores slowly clearing out
i also love that it rinses off pretty well with water
it took forever to rinse off most of the oily residue
when i put on toner with a cotton pad
then rinses away everything when water is added
it takes less than 10 seconds to remove my stubborn waterproof mascara as well as my foundation
rinses off the skin
apply on dry skin
it turns milky when rinsing off
it dissolves my makeup effortlessly
it gets off even the most abnoxous glitter glue
inglot amc gel eyeliner with 2 pumps of this it melts it completely with no residue
sensitive skin with pores
this product sinks right into my skin
sinks into the skin easily believe me
my face plumps up immediately
and it's a great cuticle oil as well.
it absorbs so nicely into my skin
it doesn't clog my pores or make my skin oily
while it is still damp i rub about 2 drops of oil in my palms
use the same technique for my neck
dab some on my eye lids every night as an anti-aging
thicker lashes as well
it takes 2-3 hours for my skin to absorb the oil
then layer this on top
this stuff absorbs very fast
this oil has moisturized those areas while not clogging my pores
absorbs quickly and doesn't leave skin greasy.
has not clogged my pores
it doesn't transfer once it settles into the skin
plumps up the skin
it really soaks in deeply
it does not clog my pores.
the oil is thinner than other oils i've tried in the past
a few drops in my hair helps with winter static
it is extremely hydrating without causing your skin to feel oily or clogged
at night this product just soaks into your skin
doesn't clog your pores
since it spreads more evenly on the skin that way
it dries pretty quick
oily/dry combo skin
my pores look smaller
my pores get clogged so easily
benefits of a facial oil without clogging my pores or causing breakouts
it disappears over night
the oil absorbs fairly quickly
it soaks in very quickly and plumps fine lines.
it absorbed into my skin so nicely.
gets absorbed into the skin very quickly
sinks right into my skin
rinse it off in the morning
it fades very quickly
gently blot of any excess that isn't absorbed
i am prone to clogged pores in my t-zone
it goes on easily and absorbs quickly.
it absorbs so so easily
or add a drop to my abh cream contour pans
i also use it sometimes on my legs after showering/shaving or if i have any ingrown hairs
this helped heal my dry patches
i put 2 drops on my palm
all of the texture on my forehead
a large molecule size which means it can't really clog pores
my nose is prone to large pores
your skin absorbs this oil
my pores look less congested
found that this product was the difference that got rid of large pores on my cheeks
sensitive skin with pores
sometimes skin takes a minute to adjust.
it used to sting my skin
my skin is easily congested
twisting the top to reveal the dispenser
my pores where minimized
the serum has a gel like consistency which absorbs super quickly into the skin
it tightens, brightens, and smooths.
my pores are less visible
it definitely decreases the size of your pores.
pores in less than a week
with some clogged pores in my nose
smooths and exfoliates like nothing else!
my pores are huge
woke up to much smaller pores
i got small chemical like burns on my face
the pores on my nose
my pores are smaller
it absorbs beautifully with no weird residual feeling nor greasiness
heals it in a day or 2!
my pores have reduced
it instantly smooths/plumps the in between eyebrow wrinkles i've got going on
usually takes days to heal
like pores on my cheeks are gone!
i can barely see my pores
enlarged pores as a result
dried out my skin
its just all the 'garbage' trapped in my pores now moving out that this is exfoliating away layers of truly dead skin
underneath the skin tiny bumps
my pores are smaller
your pores visibly becomes smaller
my pores are significantly tightened
texture on my forehead
it hasn't cured my large pores
crane 15% glycolic peel i used morning
the serum is absorbed almost immediately
doesn't leave a sticky or greasy residue
glowy until using this product
wrapped up in a cloth or in a little soap box
it doesn't strip my skin
it's just a bar of soap: it cleans
eg shower water spraying directly on it
work it into the skin
it has a very rich lather
it really rids of dirt
doesn't strip the skin
it cleanses well without drying
it cleans so well
it also rinses completely away
the little milky bubbles go away very fast
i could literally see it lifting up the dirt in the pores on my nose
chin like i do with a deep cleansing mask
this bar is amazing at getting rid of impurities
tight after washing with this
t kind of just turns into a milk without any real foaming/bubbles
it lathers up much more
it cleans without stripping it dry.
my skin had a mixture of new
it lathers up without stripping my skin
allowing this bar to leave a slight coating on your skin is the best way to use it
having left bars because of their slimy residue
it lathers up nicely
unlike a lot of foamy washes
gentle washes all my make up off
out of liquid body wash
the bar lathers up nicely
does not strip off excess moisture
it quenches my skin with tons of moisture while leaving it extremely clean at the same time
then used my fingers in circular motion
my skin is combination oily/dry.
usually facial washes from neutrogena
it rinses off cleanly without any residue.
the binder that keeps it in bar form will not clog the pores
oily/normal combination skin
i also used to get splotches of extra dry skin around my mouth
it all burned my skin
it lathers up nicely
bright without over-drying or irritating
works so much better for my skin than traditional face washes housed in plastic
the juju bar has controlled my oily skin
gently cleanses my skin
clears up my breakouts without over drying
it never dries out my skin or irritates
removes dirt and oil without overly drying.
tight after washing it
this bar really cleans
plus my pores are shrinking!
my holy grail face wash.
it really clears up your dead skin.
leaving my pores crystal clean
i rub the bar on my wet hands and onto my face.
it is slowly changed my oily skin to normal
glowing grease-free skin
t absorbs into my skin
my skin feels neutralized
it does suds up nicely
or you can literally rub the bar on your face for direct exfoliation
my makeup dries out my skin
cleans the skin very well
the bar gently exfoliates
then rub my wet clarisonic brush on it
three-in-one bar that deeply cleanses
they let residues in my rings
it has small particles to exfoliate
which then adds to my oiliness
i never washed face in am just rinsed to prevent drying
then use the lather on your face
my pores are smaller
peeling when anything sensitizes it
your body produces oil during the night
i washed with this bar
exfoliates with zero irritation
my sink is on the drier side
also really cleans out the gunk with the little grains that exfoliates
moisturized without leaving any film-y residue
it removes everything without drying my skin out
it really exfoliated the dead skin
suds up the bar
not all tight and stripped, or over exfoliated.
make sure you get a soap tray with drainage at the bottom
de-gunked without over drying
possibly have more bacteria collected on it
it creates a nice lather
i noticed smaller pores
never dries my skin out
when my skin acts up
directly on my skin
dry on my cheeks
it gets all the dirt
my pores are tighter
pores are smaller and texture are finer.
made it into a scab
pollution out of my pores along with my clarisonic
apply it directly to your skin to slough off dead skin etc
not a hint of over-stripping that usually accompanies bar soap
as a combination oily skin girl
because it's a dryer oil
gently rub wet bar all over face
i gently use it daily
i will occasionally rub my clarisonic head on the wet bar to lather
then sonic my face
manages to shrink my pores
it completely shrunk my pores
it just proves this product really smooths out your skin
my pores are almost invisible
the skin on my nose
directly adjacent is glassy smooth
soaks immediately into my skin
it absorbs nicely into my skin
my skin soaks it right up!
the product absorbs nicely into the skin
drying for my skin
it evaporates very quickly
it's a dry oil so my skin soaks it in well.
it fades quickly though
it sinks in very quickly
immediately soaks in to skin
gently pat this onto my face
i absorbs very quickly into my skin.
it absorbs quickly but leaves you with a glow!
immediately lay on a silk pillow
it foams just enough
it helps soothe my skin it also doesn't strip my oils away
i like how it cleans
with my clarasonic that would deeply clean my pores
this stuff never irritates my skin or generates breakouts
gently removes make up
cleanse my face without drying it out
has helped me with my pores
i brush my teeth after i take a shower
give me dry patches while i brush my teeth
leaves behind zero residue
it lathers really well
contain my combo normal/oily skin
keep skins sebum levels under control along with leaving a nice clean feeling to the touch that is smooth
creamy when you're washing your face
even when i waxed
added some moisture back into my skin without creating an oily base
non drying and helped my open pores.
my skin can fluctuate from normal to dry
it lathers just enough.
it lathers up nicely
it bubbles up nicely
it normalizes my temperamental skin!
it foams pretty well
my pores tend to clog easily
foam my clarisonic = heaven on my face.
moisturized without the icky sticky feeling
for oily skin to not overproduce oil
it does foam up
yet doesn't leave an oily layer after washing
doesn't clog my pores or break me out
this leaves my skin very moisturized with no oil layer at all
i put an even thin layer on a damp face
i gently massage my lash line with a very small amount of product
works into a little foam
when i cleansed my face
just to gently cleanse after my nighttime routine
it's soothes my skin!
this amazing product actually deep cleans
it cleans without stripping my skin's oils
it cleans it all off.
this does foam slightly
it cleans my skin, without drying it out!
it keeps my skin soft and never dries it out.
it cleans the skin without drying it out
takes off every speck of red lipstick
skin texture within days of using it
it doesn't foam much
it helps maintain moisture
the cotton pad is always dirty when i use toner
rinses away cleanly with no feeling like of a gross residue on my skin
my skin is a bit on the dryer side
foams just a little bit.
it hydrates and removes all of my makeup.
it's cream to foam lather leave the skin feeling fresh
doesn't strip my skin
this tube comes full
the lather is like silk
takes no effort or pressure to transform from cream to lather
some water gives enough foam to wash my entire face
it cleanses without stripping the skin of too much oil
it foams up a bit when rubbed into the skin
my skin is getting dryer
it cleans very well
this heals it all
cleared the flakes up in days
wipe off with tissue
wipe it off with a cotton pad
to prevent drying my skin out
leaves a slight moisture afterwards
supple without leaving that sticky residue you get by just rinsing it off with water
then a damp facecloth as well
it's removed water proof mascara
eyeliner just smudged around my eyes
neck make up remover
with not oily residue
i usually use a waterproof make-up remover liquid poured onto make-up removal wipes to remove my eye liner
doesn't burn my eyes
tissue off in the morning
since it doesn't foam
the applicator tip is awesome
i applied by lightly patting it in
the trick is to shake the tube well before squeezing the product out
it effectively and quickly de-puffed my eye area.
smooths the entire eye area
i applied puff off.
i dab this on my undereye area
without rubbing it in
just pat pat pat with your fingertip
it'll freshen it up
you can definitely use it to thin out thicker concealers so they can blend seamlessly on to your eye area
also smooths the skin
then it gets crinkly during the day
it really makes puffs go away
it absorbs quickly but is not drying.
it's tightens the skin under the eyes
watch how puffiness disappears
virtually "irons" out the bags
puffy bags virtually disappear
could use the iron applicator inspired tip- even better
smooshed into my pillow all night
then gently smooth the cool iron all over the skin
i can see the puffiness deflate from the cool iron
then i blend it in with my finger tips
little puff under my waterline
creasing has gone down dramatically
i find it fills in the creases so that my concealer doesn't crease on top of it
and that cute little applicator.
with the roller ball
it instantly smooths under my eyes
smoothes out any fine lines
my eyelid is starting to droop and this helps.
the metal ironing tip feels cool
cooling sensation of this product
there's a slight cooling sensation that doesn't irritate
pros:- absorbs within second- the metal applicator feels refreshing- light peach tint hides away darkness immediately
puff off helps a lot
i've tried every primer under the sun
it soothes the fine lines
then rinsed it off with a washcloth
all the dry flakey skin just rinsed right off
goes on light and absorbs so quickly.
as the serum spreads thin on your face
comes with a glass dropper
it sinks right into my skin
that quickly goes away as the moisturizer sinks into my skin
i would absolutely recommend with your sonic brush
i don't have the sonic brush
it was super foamy
it became foamy while washing
my pores seemed smaller
gets rid of any leftover oils
leaves face soothed hydrated no filmy residue.
brushes make a huge difference!
with the brush once every
and used it in the shower with my fingers.
this product dried out my skin
it foams up super quickly
used it in the shower with my fingers
cleanses my skin thoroughly without drying it out
with a rich foamy lather
cleans every bit of the day
super foam action & squeaky clean!
i don't have the sonic brush
namely the size of my pores
it you have a sonic brush try this
it leaves my face smooth and my pores clear.
i love how it lathers up
the feeling dissipates after a few moments or when i apply moisturizer
it absorbs very well in to the skin
replenishing without causing breakouts
dissipates fairly soon after application
really helps hold in moisture
doesn't leave my hair or scalp greasy
my pores are reduced
it smooths out my skin
absorbs quickly into the skin
also my pores seem to be closing
minimize the appearance of both my pores
it soaks in nicely
blot every hour kind of oily skin
the moisture lasts all day long
this product smooths out my skin
dries quickly which i find really convenient
perfect lightweight product that absorbs quickly.
my pores are shrinking
this smooths out my face and makes it soft.
it also absorbed very quickly
bumps from kp on my cheeks
i found the key was applying a rose water mist beforeh
this product reduced the appearance of my pores
easy to apply, 3 pumps for my face and neck.
my pores look noticeably smaller
seeps into the skin nicely just freshening it up
never clogs my pores of my oily skin
the moisture locks into my skin
i can see my pores getting smaller
this serum absorbs really quickly
i noticed a slight blurring of the pores
which always caused my foundations to oxidize only in my t-zone
i get dry patches
my pores look huge at times
my pores looked way smaller
leaves my skin glowing with no more huge pores
making pores look smaller
it absorbs better than korres
it absorbs well in the skin leaving skin smooth
need something additional to prevent aging/enlarged pores/etc
texture on the fingers
the steam opens up the pours
it buffers the imperfections in the skin somewhat like a primer
my pores are looking better.
my pores are more smoothed out
check out my pores!"
given its ability to blur pores
moisturized directly after using the mask
pores after a long day of wearing foundation
before i rinse off
this also helps to rinse it off as it is thick
i like to alternate this with the pumpkin peel.
it has a jellylike texture to it with gold flecks in it
it washed off easily.
when i rinsed it off
evenly once blended in
it is not goopy or sticky
run my nuface fascial toner over the top
the mask gives you a burning sensation when applied
i did not have a problem removing the mask because i applied a thin layer
removing with warm water
it hydrates the skin while drawing impurities to the surface
i don't think it shrinks pores
this ptr mask is far superior to any other mask that claims to open clogged pores
let it dry completely then rinse
the feel of the actual mask is a smooth cold gel like form that glides on your face at the black color you see in the jar
best pores cleaning mask ever!!!!
this is the only face mask that cleans my pores.
my pores are about the size of the end of a pen
my pores were significantly smaller
it came off very easily with a washcloth
this instantly sucks all the dirt
super comfortable to wear and easy to rinse off!
clean after using this mask
cleanse your pores like no other
i've tried several mud masks
i can visibly see my pores shrinking
it cleans my skin so well
easy to wipe off with a wet washcloth
pores are visibly reduced
this mask really pulls out impurities which can be good
it is so refreshing to have a mask that draws impurities out without over drying
the mask goes on thick
my pores were smaller
this stuff cleans deep
the mud has an almost gel-like texture
best mud mask i've ever used.
it washes off easily
i lathered it on my skin
this is the gentlest mud mask i've tried
my pores a very clear
i like to apply this mask relatively thickly
cleans out my pores
before putting on the mask i press a warm washcloth to my face for a minute to open my pores so that the mask can penetrate better
damp washcloth much easier
i find rinsing your face with warm water after the most of it is gone will get any remaining blackness from the mask out of pores
rinsing the washcloth under warm water while rubbing it together like you would to get rid of a stain gets rid of black mud leftover from the mask
flaky like a lot of mud masks
great for my aging skin with large pores
not drying at all and clears out skin.
i wipe it off with a damp paper towel.
this minimized my huge pores so much
i applied a very thin layer
i recommend this to anyone who suffers from large pores
extracts dirt and other impurities from the skin.
my pores are always considerably cleaner
it isn't drying like a lot of pore cleansing masks
it hydrates as well as cleans!
it leaves my skin moist but not at all oily.
my pores are minimized as well.
i saw this new mud mask
drying for my skin
it also unclogs all of my pores
pore less as well
it cures without completely drying my skin out
it's the first mud/pore targeting mask that i've ever used that's not drying
it deposits a layer of moisturizer directly to the skin
i just rinsed it with my fingers
it gets rid of excess sebum
after the first use my pores looked smaller
have had this mask totally suck out the infected plug
t did decongest my pores
pores are noticeably smaller
it doesn't leave your skin/sink/ or towels dark
i've got combination/oily skin.
moisturized, clean, and smaller pores.
my pores are invisible afterwards
my pores were almost non existent
it rinsed off easily
i normally out a thick layer on
i love the moor mud!
my pores are smaller
take it off with a wet washcloth!
ok so this mask burns.
besides the burning sensation
it didn't clear out my pores
it really detoxes your pores
pulls out unseen grime
used this mask once
it will tingle/burn.
kind of scrub in a circular motion
cleared out my pores in my nose
this mask helps it
it removed the oiliness on my skin
stem cell rose masks from this line
elasticity of my face afterwards
my pores appear smaller
this mask is the perfect combo--cleans
purifies without drying out your face
wash it off with warm water
it definitely clears out those pores
rinse it off with water
this is my go to for clearing out my pores along with the pumpkin mask
all masks that have bentonite in them tingle
i slathered my face in this mask
it "burns" after 2 minutes
wipe off gently with a warm
pulls milia and pimples to surface.
most mud masks break me out
it really decongests my pores
i love using boscia charcoal pudding mask for its deep pore cleaning
creamy going on it simply soothes your face as it cleans out those pores
charcoal masks are normally drying
unlike other clay masks
it feels like a combination of your favorite declogging charcoal mask
i left the mask on for 10 minutes then wiped it off with a microfiber cloth dipped in warm water
used an extractor to get it all out
this mask pulls out deep impurities below the skin's surface over a period of time
sensitive oily/dry skin
his pores are so much smaller.
when i rinsed it off
my pores looked so clean
really pulls stuff out of pores!
leaves a mess on the sink
i've noticed my pores are visibly smaller
it was effective at removing impurities
cleaning my facial pores
i tend to have big pores
it wasn't messy at all and rinses off well.
this mask is messy
the mud masque is faster
it's not a skin rescue product that shrinks pores immediately
it is the best hydra mask !
i can already notice my pores shrunken
it cleans my skin perfectly
my pores look so much cleaner/smaller
clean without over drying it
doesn't make my skin dry after wash- thanks to sea mud
it foams up slightly
sometimes i use an exfoliate glove
my pores are purged of all makeup
not covered in a greasy film
erno laszlo's sea mud bar is great!
it cleans well without stripping.
i just rub the blackhead off with my finger
it adds another layer of moisture while perking up my complexion
hydrates and smooths while adding a glow!
my sebum levels are more controlled
this sea mud soap cleans my face very well
cleans thoroughly without drying.
hydrates it without looking too shiny
literally removes all your impurities even make up
followed by the cucumber mask twice a week cools
oily skin with fine lines
this product cleanses my skin so well without drying it out
gritty bits to slough off the dead skin cells
salicylic acid mixture allows for gross dead skin to be sloughed off
the bottle lasts forever
which my skin usually reacts badly to
it is a gel that gently cleans
exfoliates without any abrasiveness
which helps treat clogged pores
it really soaks up the product
i also use it with a cheap battery operated facial brush on the skin on the back of my h
it cleans the skin well
does not leave a filmy substance
impurities leaving it soft
it cleans thoroughly without any after effects.
glyoclic removed dead skin cells
salicylic acid goes into the pore
clears the pore out beneath the top layer
i also think my pores
at first it's drying
most of the face washes
suffering with dried out skin
calms my breakouts down
it rinses clean and does not dry my skin.
effectively cleanse while preventing breakouts
this helps keeps my pores from being clogged.
it tends to be drying
mainly for combo and oily skin!
along with the cucumber mask
it cleans very well
it cleans very well
it lets my skin like a baby
cleanses like crazy without drying
minimizes my large pores
sebum without stripping the skin
it cleans my oily skin without feeling harsh or drying
when used with a natural sea sponge
dry after washing my face
this product unclogged pores i didn't know i had
smooth after patting it dry
it is rich enough to lather
smooth and the beads are super!
breakouts plus with the fruit extract it helps not over dry
its honestly made a difference in the pores on my nose
cleared my skin up without drying it out!
more frequently for oily skin
potassium really help lighten the area underneath my eyes
once it's blended apply under your eyes.
a filling-in of the hollow areas
put some gel on your left palm side index fingertip
use your right index fingernail
to smash the beads into your finger
emulsify it all together
we emulsify hair gel before smoothing it into our hair
it was drying to her
the texture is somewhere between a gel
i still need some concealer due to the deep tear trough issue
it smooths the lines
it brightens without the burn of other products
it's murder on the skin, eyes, hands, hair etc.
it just eliminates under eye shadows
know my skin will absorb my serum
this product cleansed so nicely
foams a little bit with water while you're washing your face
this wash clears it right up
then once its soaked
it turns into a foamy lather on its own
wash it off with warm water
do not insert into nasal cavity!
to apply with dry face/wet h
pores have shrunk and my skin feels so clear!
i like the softness of it with the addition to the scrubbing mud
it does lather up
literally softens your face
i started with the peel oof mask
but it doesn't transform from mud to foam.
it goes from a clay consistency to a watery clay consistency
don't use on eye lids.
then foam as soon as water hits it
once with my sonic brush
it also exfoliated gently
the kaolin clay helps take away buildup
the bright mud eye treatment
the super mud clearing treatment
it the youth mud tinglexfoliate treatment
as it goes on as a mud mask
turns into a foam cleanser when you add water
my pores are less noticeable
i keep it stored on the lid to make it easier.
smoothed out my skin.
gently cleanse all over
as soft as a pillow
oily in the t-zone with large pores on my nose
the method of mud to foam is also very fun
the mask dries out too quickly in my opinion
there's small granules that won't damage the foreo's silicone bristles
removes all the dirt
clears out everything trapped under the skin
it's really just pulling all the toxins to the surface
it took a while for all of the mud to turn to foam
its like a mud mask
i apply to dry face, wet hands.
exfoliators usually leave my skin looking raw
use it on dry skin
rub it on my face dry
s to help it "foam"
as you start rubbing it in it turns into a cleanser
soft, clean, not dry or taut.
then add water to create a foam
i feel like my giant pores are shrinking
clears up my minimal breakouts
i notice it scrubs the dead skin off the surface
brings the black heads to the surface
size of pores on my face
i love the mud mask
clogged pores has diminished
the consistency is enough that it lightly exfoliates while cleansing when the mud turns to foam
i pumped 2 pumps on my fingers
leaves your skin moisture
goes on as a mud which is very soothing.
like you can feel your pores breathing
my pores have been huge
my skin is the driest
softens it so so much
my pores appear smaller just from the simple hydration it provides
clean once it's rinsed off
after you're done with scrubbing your face with the towel run it over your eyes lids
once water is added it becomes very foaming.
it has a built in serum that moisturizes your skin as you wash away all the dirts
impurities lying on the surface
skin which likes to flake occasionally
the main foaming agent is bad for the skin
that the main gimmick for this product is mud to foam
apply mud to a dry face with dry h
work the mud into a foamy lather
the sephora "how to" says to work mud into foamy lather in h
without leaving unsightly pools of oil
that way it foams up better
then cleansed my face with my foreo
it clearly says it's a mud to foam
then you just rinse
dry skin is dry skin.
dried out from skin products
it actually helps melt off waterproof eye makeup
rub in a circular motion
you massage it onto your face
it comes out like a liquid
then once it hits my face it turns foamy
i also use the mud mask
got this glamglow face wash as a tester
my skin habitually reacts a lot to new products
leaves a lovely glow after rinsing off
this cleanser starts out as a brown mud
have gone through 2 tubes
this eye cream is thicker than the rose eye cream
i put a very thin layer under the primer
not only did this help prevent creasing
this is non greasy and smooths wrinkles.
sinks into skin almost instantly
immediately after sampling this eye cream it healed my dry skin
the scent is light and it absorbs quickly.
it holds moisture over night even in winter
i tap it in around my orbital bone
it absorbs nicely and isn't too heavy or greasy.
it absorbs quickly and hydrates well.
it gives good moisture
basically peeling like a lizard
how quickly it absorbs in my skin
it absorbs well into your skin
it disappears very quickly
it's really soft and light and absorbs instantly.
it also reduced oiliness.
it instantly absorbed into the skin
my face started to peel
cerave took away the flakes
it literally seemed to banish the excess peeling skin
instantly took the flakes away
absorbs right in and quickly.
shocking because i typically wake up to an oily forehead of closed comedones
it dissipates as you rub it in
it did clog my pores just a tiny bit
then how it turns milky once you wet your fingers
then it rinses with no residue
use some water to foam it up
although it does require extra rubbing around the eyes with waterproof
doesn't leave a greasy residue
listen up all dry skin suffers!
removes make up really well and very gently!
i've found this cleansing oil adds moisture
drier around my face
the beads in it
as someone whose skin is oily enough to grease a pan
in the fall/winter when my skin dries out
i need something that nourishes
just squirt some on my cleansing pad
it cleans away all makeup: foundation
leaves no residue on my skin
it gently washes away all makeup
not drying out my skin
you then turn the oil into a milky cleanser.
without rubbing your skin
it's so soft and washes off nicely.
removes mascara like a charm, just melts off.
i've stopped feeling like i need to exfoliate to clear my pores
that light amount of oil melts into my skin like
no more dry patches or flaking on my face.
then rinses away with no residue
spreads so easily on your skin
the oil cleansing oil i've found that doesn't irritate my eyes
it easily rinses off with lukewarm water
i rubbed this onto my skin first
silky when massaged into dry skin
less messy to rinse off than a bunch of lather
i've noticed a reduction of the junk in my pores
it's a little thinner so the oil spreads easier.
eye liner with ease
washes away with easy
doesn't strip your skin
the foam in the warmer months
it rinses right offthen follow by a foaming face wash
easily rids me of mascara and foundation.
this product actually contained my oily face
the oil will turn into a liquid
it leaves no residue
follow the directions by rubbing on dry skin
clogged pores or breakouts as of yet
either rinse off or use my clarisonic
it emulsifies once in contact with water
melts away the day's grime easily.
after it's rinsed off
i usually have to blot or apply powder to reduce the shine
then i'll rinse it off with water
then with warm water i dampen my face to allow it to become milky
i like to apply it to skin before water to let the oil provide a protective layer
doesn't strip the skin
straight onto dry skin
rinses off nicely with a hot washcloth
this really soothes it
irritate my skin nor clog my pores
this is actually helping to clear out my pores.
cleans my skin without leaving it feel oily or gross
i rub it onto my face dry
is absorbed into my skin quickly
it's lightweight and absorbs very well.
both soak into my skin
it soaks right in
it absorbs very nicely into the skin
as an oily skin
it actually melts off your makeup while leaving your skin spotless
i hate to use cotton balls with this product because the cotton ball absorbs so much
coat it all over my cleansed skin
after washing my face i use a cotton pad to apply the plasma to my face
my oily skin vanished
this product is so thick it doesn't seem to saturate the cotton pad
wash them again with a dampened cotton pad
it's a daily bio specific peel that gently removes dead skin while leaving healthy skin in tact
it cleanses without making my combination skin feel dry
the cotten is covered in dirt
i couldn't see my large pores
brushes alone just don't grab
my pores are smaller
it cleans without stripping my skin.
cleansed my face my normal way
then used the blue plasma on a cotton ball as a primer over my nose
exfoliates without having to turn on the water faucet is awesome
omg the dirt that was on the cotton swab
there was visible dirt on the cotton swab.
i obsess about my clogged pores
my pores aren't clogged
add a tiny drop of sephora luminizing drops in starlight
just smear a little face tint
rub your hands together, then rub onto your face.
set with it "bye bye pores" powder.
i started using gloves when i apply this to avoid staining my nails
feels like a mousse going on
like it over my neck after cold plasma.
its lightweight not sticky
delivers intense moisture all day
i got a sample of this radiant moisture
it was easy to spread the moisturizer to be a thin layer
this stuff hydrants my skin so beautifully without being greasy
it dries super fast
it dries flat in about 10 seconds
after it dries the smell goes away
my pores less visible
it needs to absorb into your skin.
dissipates after a few minutes
the scent dissipates anyways.
acually plumps my skin.
tired of the silicone base
gentle for removing the peeling skin without irritating my face
chin no longer peels
it glides on nice and dries fast.
if plumps out fine lines
my skin is literally glowing like a boiled egg!
it goes away as soon as the product dries
it absorbs quickly leaving no residue
evaporates as soon as it dries
i can't speak to whether it reduces fine lines or "brightens" the skin
it dissipates pretty quickly
it dissipates after a few minutes
it immediately soaks into your skin
the scent dissipates rather quickly.
while i brush my teeth
also want to try the peel pads.
i like to rotate skin care products
it will get rid of all the gunk in those dirty pores
applying a thin layer for only a few minutes
it also minimized my pores
the scrub isn't over abrasive
because of how quickly it foams up
it's fun to use too as the mask oxygenates on your face
the bubbles are unlike other "typical" face masks like clay or sheet masks
it tingles in a nice way as the bubbles form
it is easy to apply and rinse off.
you have to work quickly as it transforms into a foam
4 pumps on your fingers
gently rub your h
pat dry with a towel and be amazed!
i wipe the remnants off my face with a toner by belif
the bubbles don't last long
the bubbling action this mask packs is spectacular
cools as it bubbles away
love the bubbling sensation that happens as it cleanses the skin
s of bubbles it creates
the mask starts off as a blue gel that when massaged on damp skin beings to produce a white foam that gives off a bubbly
the mask is a breath of fresh air for my skin.
so when i rinsed this off
it comes out as a light blue gel that foams up a few seconds after gently spreading it over your skin
you can feel the little popping sensation of the bubbles
oxidized on my face like a foam
you don't feel the fizzing
upon washing my face i noticed a nice glow
bubbling feeling while applying it on my skin
when you rinse it off
like a peel without the sting.
love the bubble sensation
i feel as if the mask opens up my pores
with its bubbling sensation
it was really neat to see the blue gel turn into a foam
the blue gel spreads luxuriously
transforms into a bubbling foam that feels great
then rinsing it off was a snap
u literally feel the lil bubbles popping into your skin its so refreshing
when you apply it to the skin it foams up
it soothes my skin
this clears up blemishes without drying it out further
the ibuki gell minimises pores on either side of my nose
heals the dry patches on upper cheekbones
it has a gel cushion like texture
the open-jar packaging is poor: the consistency is almost like jello
my skin becomes a dry
i usually use the pureness salicylic combined with a clay mask overnight
i couldn't see my giant pores
for a primer try hourglass mineral veil
enlarged pores sometimes clogged
it definitely smooths out my skin
supple clean that is in the jar transforms your face
i am prone to plugged pores on the sides of my face
although if you are a pimple popper beware
slowly gets rid of it
my pores have gotten smaller
tap your finger in the gel
doesn't leave a trace on your skins surface
it doesn't dry up your skin while helping to minimize your blemishes
it clears my breakouts in a snap!
it's also worked to minimize pore size
the gel consistency keeps it from spilling
causes caking where the gel is
this product dries them up quick.
it doesn't heal overnight
it's a lightly scented matted gel that melts quickly into the skin
it can even be applied over make-up without smudging
the way it melted into my skin
my pores are less visible
though this mask does remove impurities
my pores look a lot cleaner
i hate applying masks with my fingers
cleansing my pores too
pat the bottle until about a dime size of product falls into my palm
apply it to my cheeks
gently rub it in a circular motion
once i rinse my face it's instantly soft
the foam gives you a bit of slip
the fine powder comes out quickly
i rub the cleansing oil on my dry face then mix the powder into the paste
i put the paste on
gently massaged it into my face for just a few minutes
less texture/clogged pores
massage it into your skin gently
that it could work as a foamy paste or as a spot treatment
other exfoliates either dried my face out
rub my fingertips together to blend
gently rub over my skin in a circular motion
abrasive enough to removed flakes
my sling is super oily
it gently buffs my skin without irritating.
mixing it with just water
i even use this as a lip scrub
my blackheads are literally just disappearing
rid of any dead skin that traps dirt
the particles/powder is extremely fine
sprinkle in a little powder
excellentsmooth clean feelingsloughs off all the dead skin cellsnon-abrasive
sensitive skin that gets visible flakes all year round
this works wonders on getting rid of the flakes
some exfoliates feel rough like rubbing rocks on your skin
put a little powder in my palm
gently scrub my face
it's like scrubbing your face with a fist full of s
the amount of powder you add
with regular use helps clean my pores.
the powder becomes a paste
it's gentle yet very effective in smoothing out out my roughened skin
used that to create the paste to wash my face
it really smoothed the dry skin away
this exfoliator is so finely milled
the argan shells are so finely crushed you don't feel the difference with the rice powder
i turn it into a creamy paste with water
then rinse it off
i just use water to turn it into a paste
the delicate scrubbing effect is simply wonderful
basically just has tinier particles
my sling glows after using it
i normally don't like to exfoliate because it irritates my skin
it buffed away my dry skin
you can use it as a lip scrub and a mask too.
because it is a powder
my pores are less visible
even texture, smooth and smaller pores.
love the texture and absorbs fast.
minimize pores for a very younger look
works...but more slowly than the genefique serum
this serum has cleared out my face including diminished the size of my pores
the serum helped peal away the dark layers of scarred skin to reveal fresh skin
it absorbs into my skin fairly quickly
my pores have tightened up
rough skin around the creases of my nostrils
no more flaking dry spots
my pores look smaller
my pores are invisible
it smooths out my skin texture
large pores that are hard to hide
pores are hardly visible
my pores are so much smaller
wipe the bliss pads over
in the morning is rinse it off
it lasts almost a year with 1 squirt a day.
i struggle with enlarged pores on my nose
know pores can't shrink
reduced the size of my pores
for the face i need these serums/creams as the contain smaller molecules that may be able to travel through the skin's 6 layers of cells
mpressed with these 2 lancome products that i just switched from my hourglass mineral veil primer
my skin is usually a bit oily with visible pores
when i use this product after washing my face my pores are less apparent
helps detoxify without drying your skin out at all
it is somehow able to pull out impurities without pulling out moisture
the ease of washing it off
put a generous layer on when using it
put a thin layer on
needed something to help my chicken skin on my face disappear while also removing other impurities
help shrink my pores
i can literally see the mask cleaning out the pimple
even pulls some fluids out
have these big crater pores
with big crater pores comes big black heads to fill them
it clears up my skin without drying it out
this face mask saved my skin!
i really think it targets my pores
this mask is a clay type
it clears your pores without stripping off your skin's natural oils
it never irritates my skin or dries it out.
you really feel the amethyst clay tugging at your skin when its drying
once i wiped it off with a wet washcloth
my pores get congested
in my opinion clay masks are applied generously on skin
it also minimized my pores
it also helps with pores
i want to minimize my pores
my pores are actually getting tighter
i remove it gently with lukewarm water
i remove the ptr with cold tap water
it detoxes the skin with out drying it out
i immediatly notice my pores were cleaned out
it feels like its drawing out impurities
my pores have disappeared into thin air.
normally can not use clay masks
finally a clay mask that didn't dry my skin
i applied to clean skin
it sinks in immediately and leaves no residue.
it helps keeps those greasy creasy eyes at bay
enlarged pores surrounding my nose
the applicator works really well
press it into your skin
it absorbs so fast
there's no remaining residue
my pores seems smaller.
the serum absorbs into the skin well
is absorbed quickly into my skin
the first time i put this serum on my skin it absorbed quickly
absorbs so well into my skin
my pores have tightened
tery texture to it which melts into your skin
non greasy or sticky formula
fills in those tiny lines
this pore refiner is what i like to call a filter on your skin
it refines your imperfections
smooths out the skin
it filled in my pores
then to hide the pores on my nose i use this bobbi brown primer
then pat make-up forever step 1 smoothing primer over any pores that are still visible
hides the pores on my nose
this bobbi brown primer won't slip off
the pores were gone
it really smooths out my skins texture
i don't think it minimizes pores as well as the benefit porefessional
or this product is drying in my skin
mostly normal i think it tones down the oil yet moisturizes
then mufe step 1 primer for large pores
makes my skin glow and reduces pores.
chin/cheeks on me
my pores were minimized for most of the day
the pore perfector even smells good!
it fills my pores
you'll instantly see how it almost puts a layer down of barrier
this skin smoothing pore perfector is a game changer
pores are blurred and so our lines.
men with large pores
do not oxidize or change in texture
it absorbs quickly and doesn't feel heavy at all.
hope in a jar dry is full of moisture without the heavy
helps with the dry skin on my cheeks without breaking me out
perfect fixed my dry patches
it burned a bit at first due to the acids
i love the texture and how quickly it sinks in.
dry after it's absorbed in
it is light, emollient, and absorbs quickly.
it's lightweight and absorbs quickly.
this is a great product that absorbs into the skin fast leaving the feel of a petal
shiny where make-up builds up
it fades very quickly
i find that the balm dries down well
up to the brow bone
absorbs into your skin
quickly with out being sticky or gooey
right beneath my brown bone is rather dry
it has reduced the fine lines just beneath where your concealer likes to crease
i like a night time eye cream that is thick yet absorbs quickly
i sometimes layer this over my normal eye cream
this is the thickest eye cream i've used
it sinks into the skin so nicely
ive been dabbing from the outer to the inner eye area to reduce wrinkles
so nice and quickly absorbed by my skin.
this cream doesn't prevent it
every morning my undereye wrinkle becomes invisible
just a light pressure glide over the surface of the balm
i also experience dryness on my lids.
this is a thick, yet non greasy eye cream.
because this eye cream locks in the moisture all night long
the container is tiny
since the balm is thick
absorbs well with just enough sheen to prime mineral foundation
it is more gelatinous than this one
i'll use the rest of the jar
then it melts into your skin
put the emulsion on first
it immediately absorbs into your skin
milky at the same time
gently press it in to your skin
visibly reduced pore size
smaller pores and fine line improvement.
possibly due to the thick texture of the creams
i naturally have oily skin
the oil does wonders at smoothing
like sleeping in a sheet mask!
it helps the oil sink in my skin
luna started working the first night plumping out those crevices
how quickly it absorbs
this has definitely helped shrink my pores
as well as a smaller appearance in my pores
saw no change in skim plumpness or pores
it soaks into my skin somewhat
did help with my pores
it fades pretty quickly
my night time routine now consists of a quick swipe of salicylic acid to remove dirt
my pores would tighten
this oil sinks into my skin quickly
there's no oily residue left behind
this oil takes care of texture breakouts literally overnight
it goes on like velvet and absorbs quickly.
soaks into the skin immediately
my pores are shrinking
my pores are visible
my issues were pores
my favourite to use at night after i've cleansed/toned/
i next put a pump of sunday's good genes onto palm
tons of moisture while still cleaning thoroughly
i find it calms my skin.
it absorbs nicely into the skin.
all the puss had dried up
oily t-zone with dry patches
evens out the pores
i like the texture which totally absorbs into the skin
this combined with ceramic slip
readily absorbs into the skin
pat it into the skin
the seal around it leaks
this treatment really pulls all of the impurities out of your skin/pores
using it for a whole month really helps get the toxins that are deep down in your pores
it didnt leave any sticky oily residue on my h
hides my large pores
usually absorbs within 20-30 min
the oil serum is easy to absorb
my pores are noticably smaller
because of the colourful beads in the clear bottle
love love love how quickly the serum absorbs into my skin
fast absorbing as well
my pores have significantly reduced
it absorbed quickly and my skin drank it up!
gets absorbed into the skin very quickly
chin with a dry forehead
my pores have gotten enlarged
my pores are shrinking
pore less my skin has become
brought moisture back into it
i get tons of compliments on my skin
their serum is perfect it is easily absorbed
pores on my nose are already more refined
without irritation or peeling
4-5 drops covers my face, neck, and chest.
then rinse it all off in the shower
soaked up the product in 10-15 minutes
smoother skin, smaller pores and fine lines .
it goes on my skin so nicely and absorbs quickly.
i used a few samples of a thick moisturizer that i had lying around
i notice that it has reduce the size of my pores
my forehead wrinkles are slowly buffering out
it absorbs into the skin immediately
just a light swipe of bobbi brown pressed powder
my pores were smaller when i was using the product
i washed my face
applied 2 drops which covered my entire face
i usually use the ptr unwrinkle peel pads at night
i become fry an egg on me greasy
wait until it soaks in
pat several drops on my cleansed skin
not too oil and absorbs nicely.
the product soaked right into my skin without any type of residue
younger looking skin already with smaller pores
made my pores smaller
have always resisted using facial sun screen because it smells
it really protects my skin.
my pores are so much more clear
my foundation powder glides on effortlessly
it definitely fills in my pores
i find that it really hides my pores
it doesn't make my face more oily or oxidize my makeup
minimizes pores and creates a silky feeling.
peels with application of foundation
blurs the pores on my nose
runny nose was so bad
it goes on more like a pore minimizing gel.
keeps my skin matte for several hours while other konk out
literally an invisible barrier.
dilated pores are less visible
it won't clog your pours
it really smoothes out the surface of my skin
rub it in well
this primer has a silicon-like feeling when applied which definitely smooths out your skin for perfect foundation application
it also hydrates my skin giving me a beautiful dew look without any excessive oil
with the help of some acid peels done by derms
if layered over a thicker lotion with spf it causes the lotion beneath to ball up no matter how long i wait for it to sink in
it helps with blurring pores
leaves the skin without imperfections
so: if you notice that rubbing it in lightly is resulting in pilling
only caution is that it discolors gel nails.
have to unscrew the top
use a cotton bud to apply
i mixed it with my liquid foundation
9/10 primers give me an ashy white cast
so things like pore refining
the fragrance does dissipate once applied pretty quickly
because of the slippery silicone texture
keeps the greasy look at bay
give it a few minutes to absorb into your skin
liquid or powder-- doesn't matter
it will rub off the "prime" layer you just applied
the smell is light and disappears quickly.
it temporarily blurs wrinkles
i read some reviews that there was some "pilling" or "clumping"
t can possibly form clumps
it blurs my pores
once applied, it dries to a matte look.
this stuff is like glue for other products
people with oily skin
clogged my sensitive skin
recently started mixing it with my liquid lancome teint idole foundation with a dusting of laura mercier translucent powder
pores have gotten smaller
smooths the fine lines
it not only protects my skin from all those horrible sun rays
protects you against the sun
i do think it blots oils
it seems to disappear onto your skin
it really sinks into the skin.
softens, blurs, protects...just as advertised.
i swear it has helped reduce the total oiliness of my skin
the product has a lightweight gel consistency that soaks in quickly without leaving the skin feeling greasy or sticky
my forehead is now matte
it doesn't shrink your pores at all
it actually helped control my sebum/oil production which is amazing
dries quickly and is not sticky or tacky.
my pores have been totally cleaned out
i apply a thin layer in the morning under any foundation
my pores appear smaller
yet staves off the extra oil-slick
hydrates just enough without being oily/greasy
it wouldn't clog my pores
absorbs into my skin quickly
goes on lightweight, absorbs quickly.
despite my oily face
was still having to put on a finishing powder to offset the oil my skin produces
plus the gel glides on
deal with the heat
blotting papers or powder
it is a clear/white gel that just glides on your skin
it absorbs fairly quickly
it just absorbs into my skin perfectly without leaving a greasy or sticky residue
i add an extra mattifying/smoothing primer around my t zone
absorbs quickly into your skin
i get flakes of skin
after a full day of makeup my face looks oily enough to grease a pan
i still have to use blotting sheets
no powder touch-ups necessary
mattifying primer or oil blotting sheets
i can apply sunscreen over this without the gel balling up or pilling into little flakes
followed by the hourglass mineral veil primer
minimize the need to blot your face
i do use the becca ever-matte primer underneath
it also shrinks my pores without leaving my skin feeling super tight
it doe snot leave a heavy
plus i have huge pores on my cheeks
i love how it smoothes out my skin
it sinks in fast
not too rich that it clogs my pores
not too thin that it doesn't moisturize or strip the skin
it really diminishes the size of my pores
it soaked into my skin super fast
chin are total oil slicks
this gel completely balances me out!
diminishes the oily areas to a nice sheer
as i have combination skin with big pores
my foundation is a powder
my pores are noticeably smaller
this has shrunken my pores
keeps the oil away
it becomes very oily
i am constantly patting my face with a tissue to get rid of the shine
do have a few large pores
rubbing it into my skin as one would
this time patting it into my skin after toning
again patting it in gently after using my retin-a micro
minimizing the look of pores
even helped to reduce the amount of sebum buildup
number of clogged pores/blackheads on my nose
this is a great product to smooth over your pores
simply fill in your pores to make your skin appear smoother
imost other pore blur products have color added
i like this as a primer because it blurs my large pores
it smooths and does minimize the look of pores.
reduces my large pores as well as reduces oil on my skin
i dab it all over my forehead
the pores are practically invisible
who has a condition on her nose that produces excessive sebum with extremely enlarged pores
the pores look much smaller
large pores i would definitely recommend this
pore putty is an easy fix
even with other primers you could see my large pores
deep poorsi love that it doesn't congest my skin
pore putty under my bb cream is just perfect
i love the texture of pore putty
gently pat/blot in remaining
i gave it 4 stars because i loved the cooling sensation of the applicator
it works to erase the eyelid crepe
smooths out fine lines
be sure to massage it in with the roller ball applicator
the metal ball is cool
up near my brow bone
brightens & de-puffs eyes.
dry skin patches on parts of my face
peeling all over my nose
it sinks right into your skin!
it's thick, calming, and soothes the skin.
absorbs quickly and never clogs pores.
i usually layer a facial oil
this absorbs so fast.
less slippery soak into the pillow feeling.
dry skin with a few weird oily spots
my skin no longer flakes
typically i wouldn't like the packaging that is contaminated by fingers
it absorbed quickly and its a great night cream.
it lays on your face a little thick
takes a while to sink in
i blot the t-zone with a blotting paper after letting it absorb for 20-30 seconds
it absorbs into my skin so effortlessly
also sinks into the skin
within a few minutes it absorbs into the skin
smooth skin without feeling goopy or oily
absorbs into my skin
belif's true cream stopped the flaking
it doesn't leave a residue
winter really dries out my skin
nose even though i exfoliated
helps hide all dry patches
it is extremely drying
it takes a while to soak in
leaves a little bit of a sticky residue
every single one of them evaporates within minutes
have to stick with gel
my oily spots are super oily
great smell and it absorbs easily into your skin.
it absorbed really quick
get dry spots from using an excessive amount of tissues
it gets absorbed into the skin quickly
it hasn't clogged my pores at all like most moisturizers tend to
parch my dry skin
great moisture in a non-greasy cream
i've had dry skin in patches on my cheeks
then finishing with a facial oil
it lathers up so much
it is slightly drying
em with belif's problem solution toner
leaves my skin to a normal balance of moisture effectively cleanses
it turns into a luscious foamy lather
it lathers up really week and rinses clean.
it foams up enough to wash my whole face
it's very creamy, but it washes away cleanly.
would dry out parts of my skin to the point of flaking/scaling
it cleans without drying my skin out.
it leaves my skin clean, without drying it.
doesn't strip my natural oils off my face
lathered into a really nice foam
the foam allows the product to spread evenly all over your skin
my roommate borrows it when she gets sweat zits on her forehead
it really feels like i'm sucking out every impurity from my face
such a small amount foams to cover your whole face
this face wash feels like cream with foam
it is gentle on my oily skin while effectively cleansing my pores
it goes on easily in a milky texture
very foamy, so use sparingly.
lather it all over face
a very little foams up
without it leaving residue
without drying out my skin like other cleansing wipes
it doesn't strip my skin of moisture
not sticky residue for combo skin
the dry patches on my cheeks are soft
layers beautifully under makeup
it absorbs really quickly
milky as i apply it
then it absorbs super quick
absorbs into the skin pretty fast
my skin gets dryer
milky hydra balancing moisturizer is light enough to layer with a primer
my cheeks are dry
no clogged pores/breakouts.
i used up the moisture bomb
hoever its the perfect amount of moisture.
i think it reduced the size of my pores too.
works very well for a daytime moisture
absorbs well into the skin
usually paired this with a overnight gel sleeping mask
my skin is on the drier side
without the greasy residue
the moisture bomb from belif
it controls dry and oily areas of my face.
it sinks in quickly
dry at the cheeks
my pores were smaller
this moisturizer absorbs into my skin very quickly
deeply hydrates without feeling like i have a layer of product on my face
the size of my pores
spreads on very easily
cools the skin immediately
so this has been great for preventing clogged pores
absorbs well into my skin
it absorbs very quickly
hydrates the skin without being heavy or greasy
it also wears great under water or silicone based primers
the cream sinks into my skin
it absorbs really quickly too!
my skin eats this stuff up
absorbs really fast into the skin
it really sinks in, and hydrates.
it's not so rich that it clogs my pores
flaky patches with an oily t-zone
doesn't clog my pores either.
it isn't sticky once it settles into the skin.
cooling sensation when you apply
it does quickly absorb into your skin
the tatcha water cream makes my skin burn
refreshing that it just soaks into the skin
doesn't keep my oils at bay
also doesn't make my nose oily
i wear this overnight to restore moisture to my skin
this perfectly tackles what i need for my dry spots without clogging my pores in oily areas
it sinks into my skin quickly
it dries down well
it's literally a burst of hydration that lasts all day
its lightweight and absorbs quickly.
ability to give my skin an added moisture barrier without feeling sticky or like a coating is on top of my skin
absorbs nicely into skin.
thankfully it absorbs quickly with no residue
it sinks in quick.
it locks in moisture incredibly
it soaks in quickly
probably the great thing is it doesn't clog pores
when put on top of serums it becomes more greasy
it leaves a cooling effect
super oily skin with a few pop up blemishes occasionally
dewy for a while after applying
it soaks into the skin beautifully
skin soaks the moisture right in.
it seeped right into my skin
since it's a gel formula it sinks in right away.
it's like rubbing lemon curd all over your face in the best possible way
this product absorbs quickly, and is not heavy.
actually works to heal the flakes on my face
absorbs into your skin nicely
it absorbs into the skin quickly
it is great for moisture.
i just lightly tap my finger in the jar
this cream absorbs thoroughly
i can apply it to my lids
i love the peel off mask
i also got a sample of the moisture bomb face cream
scabs on my face
which creates dark spots
the peel off mask
my skin absorbs it almost immediately after application
then splash water on your face
then gently rub off the mask
you won't get the satisfaction of peeling or ripping off the mask
it peels in the same manner when you let glue dry on your skin
so many masks burn my skin
easily rubs off with warm water
have to avoid most peels
after the mask dried
i wet it to peel it off
it peeled off easily after some water
it goes on light-weight and dries fairly quickly.
it will stick to hair
don't let it get to close to your hairline because it becomes stringy
adding water completely transforms the mask into a product that peels of your face
like other peel off masks
this mask helps "disappear" them fast!
it also makes any healing marks fade quickly
didn't do much to minimize my pores
agree with stringy effects of peel
does not peel off like a traditional peel off mask
it comes off in strings
minimized the size of few pores i have
my pores appear smaller after peeling off the mask
it especially sticks in your hair.
my pores really do appear smaller
this didn't clog my pores or give me any breakouts
takes longer for my skin to absorb
does not clog pores
absolutely will clog your pores
does not clog the pores
compacted mineral oil sealant
no continual dipping in to a jar
it refreshes my skin
it is so, so lightweight and quickly absorbed.
absorb quickly and it keeps your skin moisture!
yet it absorbs so quickly
gently rubbing removes ever bit of my waterproof mascara no problem
it does have a milky texture once water is applied
it melts away any waterproof make up like
natural ingredients make it not able to clog blemishes
just rub gently over your face
how it soaks in quickly
it definitely smooths out any lines i have
prevents the appearance of new unwanted ones by keeping the eye area moisturized
it soaks in nicely
it smooths fine lines
i feel that it absorbs relatively quickly
it absorbs quickly and doesn't sting my eyes.
it sinks to into my skin instantly.
the product doesn't absorb
it soaks right in
leaves you hydrated without a trace of tackiness
always using sun screen
it actually absorbs into my skin which i love.
love the way this absorbs into skin.
sinks right into the skin
this is absorbed quickly into both my oily
dry parts on my face- no clogging or irritation
even with the dry recirculated air in a plane
how quickly it absorbs
it has noticeable flakes of gold glitter in it
leaves skin moist and glowing.
it absorbs quickly and is light weight.
rest assured once it soaks in a bit
controls my oil on my oily spots
just makes my pores disappear
it absorbs like water
not gummy or greasy or heavy
my skin doesn't look matted
it soaks right into the skin
my dry flakes are disappearing
detoxified skin dreams come to life
t doesn't get creased
doesn't make skin oily or greasy.
i find that my skin soaks it up quite nicely
having them exposed to sun
cream that softens the ravages of time on the h
it "thickens" up my moisturizer into a heavier moisturizer
on my dry patch on my skin
1 pump of mud or whatever
the mud cleans my pores out while the oil leaves me hydrated after
this face wash rocks!
the mud really clears my pores while the oil keeps my skin moisturized
the pores on my nose are especially clean
the smallest pores i've ever skin on my face
this removes all my makeup and gently exfoliates.
it is great for the days between my deep cleanses
smells great cleans without drying out my face.
a sample of the green face mask
i would be using 5-6 pumps of both the mud
i applied with my fingers
it made a silky foam
then i used my clairsonic, and rinsed.
the mud/oil fusing is a cool concept as well.
deep cleans my skin
the pump on the "clay" side of the bottle gets a little finicky
fresh without drying it out
will lather up so nicely
it gently exfoliates while giving my face a deep cleanse
algenist's genius gel-to-oil are neck
the clay totally detoxifies
it doesn't foam a lot
the container looks cool on my countertop too!
i pump out the mud
i love the bubbles
i do 2 pumps of the mud
clean down to my pores
rinse after the timer is up
gets all the gunk off without drying out my skin
the mud phase has you covered
the bottle is split between the oil and mud.
i appreciate that this mixes oil with a mud
the oil and mud really does lather up!
it melts into your skin quickly
i developed dry patches
i did although put a few drops on my anastasia contour pallet
it just melts into it
i add two drops into the amount of moisturizer that i dispensed onto my fingers
press it into clean skin
bonus: this stuff is miraculous on my cuticles.
i rub a few drops into my nails before bed
as a primer or under layer
it forms a film that shields away pollution
expected it to be greasy because of the pasty texture
once i put it on it dries to a velvety finish
make my skin smooth and eliminate brake out!!
it blurs imperfections/pores
blurring is icing on the cake
it soaks in quickly
i went from normal skin to oily
leaves little need for powder.
it completely blurs my skins surface
fills in my pores
a tip for a drier skin type
you put it on an instantly your pores disappear
its a lot in the tub
it does a decent job at blurring pores.
my skin tends toward the oilier side
as well as oily
have enough moisture in the skin
it absorbs very quickly into the skin
this moisturizer smooths it out like crazy
it keeps shine at bay
protected from future sun damage
there's no slimy residue
i typically have oily skin
this has a lovely whipped texture -- you don't have to scrape it out of the tub --
fearful of damaging sun rays
this just melts into my skin
also protects my skin from sun damage which is amazing
protects the skin from the sun
absorbs without leaving residue--love
does not clog your pores and very lightweight.
e evenly on your face
whipped texture that allows the it to be absorbed very quickly
instead of dabbing it gently
it into my skin
does not clog pores
this absorbs fast and does not leave white cast!
i apply it over a layer of ultra repair cream
without that layer underneath
after smoothing it onto my face
leaves my skin non-oily
didn't clog up my pores
the heat of your face helps it melt into your skin
then applied bare minerals tinted spf 30 primer on top
finished with my bare minerals foundation
moisturizes without leaving a greasy residue
like a thick cream in a tube
pat it gently in a single coat all over your face
also feels sticky after applying.
it takes a while to rub into the skin
get rid of the white sheen from the zinc sunscreen
it protects my skin from the suns harmful rays while conditioning my skin to feel fabulous
is quickly absorbed with no white residue
doesn't leave a sticky residue
it was non-greasy and absorbed fully.
best for oily skin/spots
my pores feel clean
this mud mask is one of the best i've used
this mask is great for balancing oily areas.
the moisture makes your skin so oily
this mask cleans my impurities
it dries really quick
its the best mud mask
tightening my pores up
my pores are clogged
it cleans your pores so well
it dried within 5mins
this is my favorite mud mask.
i noticed that it minimized my pores
i massaged it in before letting dry
after rinsing off my skin felt soft and clean.
dried the small pimples out almost immediately
(almost as satisfying as nose strips!)
once i rinsed it off my skin felt amazing
my pores are sometimes huge
good deep cleaning clay mask
my pores are cleaner
my pores look clean and shrinked.
it clears the face
it really burns while it's drying out
washed it off with warm water
my pores were instantly smaller
it made my pores look smaller
after first use i noticed a significant reduction of clogged pores around my nose
my pores looks clean and so much smaller!
gunk out of my pores
this stuff cleans my skin
it cleared my skins
you can watch your pores unclog as the mask dries
after having the mask on for a few minutes it absorbs all the excess oil from my pores
it cleans out your pores
this mask comes with a little cover on top which prevents the product from drying really quickly
this mask is one of my favorite clay masks.
my my pores are noticably smaller
it makes my pores look much smaller
areas where i have larger pores
they fill with gunk so fast
have completely cleansed my pores
i didn't expect this mask to completely rid my pores of dirt
my pores were completely clean.
no shiny nose or dry flakes!
forth between buying glamglow or the sephora collection mud mask
this mud mask is my go to
the gunk in my pores must be unusually stubborn
my pores which are large
when it hardens on your face it is a bit difficult to move
you can see it sucking out the gunk in your skin as it dries
after my first use i saw my pores minimize
s nose which has real noticeable pores
when the rest of the mask dries down
the flakes stay wet
the mask washes off easily
i love their mud mask
really helped reduce the size of my pores
it instantly calms my skin down
after a few uses clears up breakouts
does all of that without stripping the moisture from my skin
best mud mask i've ever used.
it also dries quickly for me.
without giants clumps of leaves or twigs like glam glow
my pores have reduced so much
never spending money on that glam glow goop ever again
i love this mask more than the glamglow super mud mask
it does great pulling the "junk" out of my pores
it's really important to moisturize after removing the mask to keep from drying out
the bubbles make it feel like someone is tickling your skin
oxygenates without drying out or irritating any problem areas for me
when i rinsed it off it left my skin oily
it has lots of bubbles
i love this bubble mask.
it lathers up well.
i find that after it bubbles up
i love how it foams up
more refreshed from all of the bubbling
this oxygen bubble mask is just so refreshing
then removed with micellar water
tickles while it is foaming up on your face after application
once it has all foamed up it rinses off easily without any weird residue left behind
it rinses off with a few splashes of water
my chin doesn'to have visibly clogged pores after just one use
it calms my cheeks down
kinda tickles when the bubbles start to form.
it'll cause the bubbles to pop faster
on your wet skin it turns into a rich foam that cleanses well w/o drying the skin out
it defiantly foams and bubbles.
i feel like it cleans out my pores
gets the oils out
i think clogs my pores
rinse off my mask
bubbles away to leave your skin radiant
i find that after the clay mask using this mask opens up your pores even more
bubbles while removing impurities
it smooths on pretty easily
the instructions state to apply to "slightly humid" skin
a cloth to clean it off my face
leaves no residue on the skin
it expands kind of like shaving cream.
you can feel it tingling and bubbling.
my skin soaked it up
so smoothing on my face
thoroughly washed it off with water
after 10 mins i tried to tissue off the excess as the directions stated
i washed my face
put this thick gel on my face
absorbs into the skin quickly
dries to a slightly tacky finish
wipe with a wash cloth
it rinses off easily
it didn't unclug my pores
i like to apply a thin layer on dry skin before a shower
melts your makeup off like butter.
this cleans my face with out drying out my skin.
keep adding water to hands.
it still heats up
skin no longer flakes in winter.
then add water to lather
after washing it off with a cloth my face was glowing
it foams very slightly
my pores have shrunk
dries out the skin moderately
cleared up most of my clogged pores in just a few washes it's gentle i love it :
this keeps my pores clear
my foundation powder very easily
purifies your skin leaving it smooth
my pores appeared smaller
it lathers pretty fast
i also wear a liquid foundation.
it easily removes my foundation
two to melt light make-up applications
balances" frothy face wash for years
smooths out the area
this oil calms my skin
it's like my skin absorbs it almost instantly
the oil soaks up right away while the moisturizer is meant to be soaked up over night
it is a light oil that soaks in quickly
absorbs into my skin quickly without sitting on the surface
it doesn't clog your pores
my pores are much smaller as well.
it helps my pores
my skin absorbs it so quickly
it almost completely eliminated my large pores
took care of my flakes without clogging my pores or causing me to be more oily
it doesn't leave a greasy residue
this stuff soaks right into my pores
dab on eye cream
helps keep me flake-free
my pores have shrunk
melts right into your skin
my pores were smaller
it quenched my somewhat dry skin with no breakouts
this one doesn't clog my pores at all
it soaks right in my skin
this oil does a beautiful job sloughing away dead skin cells overnight
i also found it absorbs instantly
4 drops does the trick.
this oil is fast absorbing
origins night-a-mins refining oil has replaced my toner
drippy upon application so you have rub in quickly
t won't drip off of face
i slathered the sample amount on
the bottle is very lightweight plastic
leaving your skin dewy instead of oily
dewy the morning after the spill
i put 8-10 drops in my palm then rub my h
it absorbs almost all the way
this product doesn't leave your skin greasy it soaks in quickly
then foams on your face
you apply to clean, damp skin.
i noticed that it helps with appearance of pores
deep cleaning in terms of the tingling sensation
love the bubbles and how clean my skin feels.
then turns into a foam on your face
takes 5 minutes for the bubbles
the pores on your nose are totally clean
my pores look smaller
instantly perks up my skin
just dampen your skin
pat 3-4 pumps on to your face
i could also feel all of the dirt being lifted from my pores
the bubbles felt so amazing
getting down into the pores
lays on your skin like a tingling foam.
this mask clears up blemishes after one use
bubbling effect on my face
after i rinsed it off
it foams up a lot and is cooling.
i received a foil of this mask
my pores seem smaller
it has this strange tingling sensation that looks like the bubbles are being drank or absorbed by your skin
dry patches on my cheeks
love the bubbles on the face.
it starts out as a cream you evenly distri
my pores did not look as large
a five-minute application produces tightened pores
saw an instant improvement in texture after rinsing
like tiny men digging in my pores
the smell dissipates relatively quickly
it visibly reduces fine lines
i don't think this has clogged my pores.
my facial skin is on the dryer side
i always struggle with fave creams clogging my pores
oiliness in the afternoon
goes on beautifully while soaking into my skin.
i've got combo to dry skin
which is dryer in winter
who would like a moisturizer that doesn't irritate or clog pores
takes away all dry patches
dab all over face
the smell dissipates quickly
it's drastically minimized my pores
if you use multiple layers
it does begin to "peel"/shed a bit under concealers
my pores instantly disappeared
as i patted it into my skin it smelt amazing
sinks into the skin
this cream sinks into you skin like a dream.
leaves no oily sheen or residue
it also helps with moisture
also once the skin soaks it up the smell is gone
it absorbs very quickly
it diminishes dramatically once absorbed into the skin
on the dry cheeks
just dab your finger in it
it is the perfect amount of moisture
the pores around my nose diminished greatly.
i love clay masks because i can see them working to cleanse my pores
as it dried i could see little black dots of impurities coming to the surface
i'll always have a tube in my drawers.
love the wood cap too.
this has banished the pores on my nose.
easy to apply, slippery clay texture.
i would relate this to the glam glow mud masks
this doesn't leave clumps of seaweed all over your face
it doesn't feel tight or chalky like some clay masks
my pore clogged nose is visibly cleaner.
except for those nose strips
it really is pore minimizing
it dried out the majority of my breakouts
it does a great job of drawing out impurities
my pores looked significantly smaller
i rinsed it off after 10 minutes
it really did reduce the size of my pores
i applied the clinique moisture surge afterwards
gets all the dirt out of pores quick!
then wipe it off with a cold towel
i also use boscia charcoal pore pudding
more heavy mask that really deep cleans
it may not extract as much from pores as a charcoal mask
tightened pores-almost like a bb cream that stays after you wash it off
after the first use my pores looked smaller
after only one use my pores look smaller
this is a great clay mask that helps clean out your pores without stripping your face of moisture
it immediately minimized my pores.
pores are less large
also, it made my pores literally invisible.
its a good maintenance mask that pulls oil out of the pores
it closes your pores
my pores have shrunk dramatically from this product
getting rid of the toxins
after the product drys
you can actually see the pores that it has soaked into
makes my pores shrink after just one use
this product tightens my skin
makes my pores smaller
leaves skin beautiful without drying.
my pores look better
after the majority of my impurities were removed
as soon as i rinsed it off i notice the dramatic decrease in pore size
draw out all the gunky stuff
it dries very quickly
you can see oils spots where your pores are
great face mask for oily skin.
you can see all your toxins being pulled to the surface
this product cleans out your pores
great for unclogging pores
only the detox mask helps my skin diminish them quickly
the best thing this mask does it tighten your pores
i think it helps my pores that tend to clog up with oil
it washes off easy
it has dried up in the sun
then wash the mask off with a clean muslin cloth
twice it has sucked the guts out of a pimple
completely dried it out
revitalize my face without drying it out
it's very light and absorbs quickly.
pours disappeared even after one application
it burned my skin
loved itso satisfying how it pulls the oil to the top of the mask as it dries
my face feels amazing afterwardsoily pores literally disappear
it rinsed off way easier though
my glam glow masks are collecting dust
you can literally see it sinking into your pores
upon applying the mask to my skin
i immediately noticed that it dries very
it also has the satisfying effect of showing your pores while drying
i could actually see my pores
i apply a thin layer
this is perfect because when the mask dries up
you can see your pores
you can literally see it pull the dirt out of your pores
you can literally see the dirt it pulls out of your skin
i rinsed it off
my pores were much smaller
tightens pores and leaves skin glowing!
it really clean your pores
my pores are gone
then applying it with a brush
when this product drys
no harsh scrubbing needed
as soon as i washed my face i could see results i have crater pores
s or damaged pores
tightened the pores on my nose in one go
with my shrinking results i feel it absolutely did help clear my pores of impurities
use clay masks to minimize the pores
then when it dries
it gets into the pores
pores are less noticeable
the dirt in my pores is completely gone
i picked up a sample of this to help unclog my pores
i put a thin layer on my face
my pores always look smaller when i finish this masque
it helps clear the pores
this clay mask is the perfect instant mask!
it tightens which pulls impurities out of the skin to reveals a smoother
completely clears out my pores!
i don't have large pores
my pores were practically invisible
you can see all the impurities that this mask pulls out of your skin
the caudalie eye lifting balm
reduces my pore size
i can feel the clay drying
helped with my big clogged pores in my t-zone
i tried dabbing it on a few blemishes
impurities in the pores of my nose
fyi it will pull deep impurities
dirt out of my pores
literally sucks all impurities from my pores!
literally shrinks by the next day!
tightens the appearance of pores visibly
i noticed that it really shrinks your pores considerably
clears away the pimple
gentle it is for a clay mask
i usually use the grape water before applying this to retain more moisture
this mask is a perfect clay mask!
it brings every impurity to the surface of your skin
the pores are breathing
it reduces the size of the blemish
doesn't do much for the size of my pores
pores looking a little tighter
tight layer on your face
as a mask it's softening
does not get hard like the new detox mask which withdraws toxins directly out of your pores
put the purifying mask directly on any trouble area
this is the best mask for clogged pores
i actually apply it on my clogged pores
this purifying mask has cleared up 90% of my clogged pores
it pulls all the gunk from my pores.
this mask hydrates but does not break out.
i applied a thick layer
this product brought it full moisture
then take off with a washcloth
the moisture rescue cream during the day
never clogs my pores
while i'm washing my face
all the dry skin starts to peel off
it is a thick white cream that spreads easily.
felt hydrating without clogging my pores
it's a deep pore cleaning product, which i love!
this mask does the job of any charcoal mask
sucking out some of the impurities
it's brightening my skim
best charcoal mask i've ever use.
not my favorite mud mask i've used
it does clean my pores
it doesn't minimize pores
it literally helps with my pores.
it works his pores look smaller
combine it with the fab oatmeal mask on my cheeks
i love that it makes my pores get smaller
it really pulls the gunk out!
it will clear about your pores
clears out the pores
you can definitely tell the mask sucks out grime from your pores
there's some "residue" hanging outside my pores that i can either gently pop or wipe off
it cleans my skin well and is not overly drying.
it didn't really shrink my pores much
cleaning pores that i have tried
i don't think any product can actually permanently shrink pores
in practice it minimizes/eliminates all desired cleansing effect from the mask on my oily skin
dries out a bit faster
this mask has no acids in it
don't need more acid in a mask
unclogged after i use it
works well to extract pores.
this mask is deep cleaning
i can feel my pores tightening
minimized pores without drying out my skin.
while my skin was peeling
when i gently rinsed it off
my pores are so much smaller!
the pores on my nose
then i apply a thick layer of mask
i rinsed with lukewarm water
gently wiped away the mask with a soft washcloth
since the mask draws out oil/impurities
my pores look noticeably smaller
dries out within 10 minutes
you rinse it off
it lessens the oil
i normally like to use a natural clay mask daily as i have oily skin
i love how the pores get cleaned
i used 100 points to get a small tube of this!
while the mask is drying
while the mask is hardening
it feels like it's pulling all the dirt out of your pores
then rinses off without much fuss
my pores look less noticeable after using this mask
this mask literally feels like your pores are being unclogged
out of the deepest layers of skin
it gets it deeper into your pores due to the heat
i really like this mask to help get extra gunk out of my pores
i follow this up with the clinique moisture mask.
i can visible see that a lot of my pores were cleaned out
now have huge pores because of it
this clears out impurities
it seems to make the rest of my pores smaller
the mask hardens quickly
my pores appeared clean
to wipe off i just use a warm wet washcloth
what seems like blackheads beneath the skin in my chin
this has noticeably shrunk my pores
it plumps the skin
dry skin around my mouth
takes a while to absorb even on my dry spots
it doesn't clog my pores
it takes a few minutes to sink into the skin
i usually use 1-2 drops after my morning cleanser then apply my sulwhasoo cushion compact
tried a thin leave-on layer, no results.
tried a thick layer overnight, now it works.
the oil sinks in immediately
the oil is denser and heavier than i expected.
the skin on my neck loves the moisture
used a warm cloth to gently wipe it off
i love using it as a protective layer when i fly.
just apply a thin layer of the waterlock mask
my face is a perfect canvas to apply make up to
it washes off really easily with no residue
it actually provides tons of moisture into my skin
it also made my pores looked smaller!
the mask has a gel consistency
i just put on a very thin layer before bed
right after this baby dries
i apply a thin layer to my face before bed twice a week
my pores are non existent
this little tub of goo lasts forever.
it restores my elasticity
washes away so easily without leaving an oily mess
more like the consistency of vaseline
i usually rub it between my fingers to liquefy it
i then wet my fingers and continue rubbing.
it cleans so well
it melts away easily
yet not stripped of natural protective skin barrier
the spatula stores inside
melts your makeup quickly
smooths all over my face with very little amounts
you just take a small amount with the spatula
this removes all of your foundation even thick foundation like estée lauder
even the glue from your eye lash glue
to start the process of rinsing everything off
this removes all traces of make up
completely melts my makeup off leaving my skin soft
soft so my essence water really absorbs well
it melts on your skin
when massaged with a little of water
it has a spatula in it
it helps to dissolve the oils
it leaves your skin super soft with just the right amount of moisture in addition to feeling cleansed
it does not strip my skin of its natural oils or its protective barrier
you don't have to apply to moist skin
tight- this product has brought back its moisture
rub it in then rinse
massage to melt away my make-up
then rinse off with warm water
the oil stays on my skin
hated the way my skin felt once rinsed
when you add water, it becomes a foam!
it comes with a little plastic spoon so you can scoop out the right amount of product without contaminating it
then using tepid water to rinse it all down the drain is just great
this cleasing oil cleans all my make up
removes a full face instantly
then rinse with warm water
it comes with a teeny spatula for application.
it literally melts the make-up off your skin
it all just melts away.
remove it with a hot cloth
there is no oily residue.
deeply cleanses my skin
it's got the consistency of a transparent gel that immediately melts as soon as you touch it
it says to use a spatula to scoop it out
it glides so easily on my face while transforming into an oil that removes all traces of make-up
it washes off fairly easily with warm water
does not leak out
comes with a spoon to scoop the product on your h
this balm turns into a oil then a jelly cleanse which i love
leaving a gross oily mess
the oil transforms to a milky lather
it leaves my skin so soft without any residue or dryness
this gives my skin a breath of fresh air
a difficult task with oily skin
it turns into a liquid almost immediately
the oil turns into a milky substance after applying water
any patches of dry skin are left smooth after cleansing
it melts it all right off.
helps repair the skin
i love the silky texture of the oil as it heats up in your h
it just melts right into your skin
just gently rub and wipe off with a cloth.
there is no gross residue on my face after rinsing
it definitely leaves a sheer residue on your skin
it melts off my makeup with ease
the cotton pad be clean
so far it hasn't clogged my pores
turns milky once you add water
debris on the skin in preparation before a 2nd cleanse
gently massage for about two minutes
you need to rinse it off
the oil balm quickly transforms into oil once it touches my face
it has a balm like texture by comes with a spatula
it completely melts even the most stubborn makeup off
it does leave my skin with oily residue after i've rinsed it off
this product doesn't foam
it turns into a creamy lotion when rubbed with warm water
it soothes my face
goes drier in the winter
cleans the skin very well
it does come with a plastic spatula to use instead of using your fingers to scoop it out
as this product does stick to your lashes
adding the right amount of water to this balm so that it turns into a milky consistency is key
then slightly lathers up
then rinsed with water right after
it turns into a lather
without an oily residue
washed off all the residue
doesn't leave my skin feeling stripped or coated
it rubs in as an oil
and then takes forever to soothe.
grow tired of skin care products quickly
the smell disappears quickly
e evenly on your face
it absorbs into your skin quickly
this product softened my dry patches
the eye cream is not greasy and absorbs nicely.
also hydrates without leaving a greasy feeling
my concealer went on much smoother without any creasing midday
i sometimes spread this on in a thick layer
my pores were so clogged
most of my pours were smaller
it cleaned out my pores
otherwise it will melt
remove the excess of sebum
helped lessen the appearance of my large pores
the only thing is that it didn't really clean my blackheads or shrink my pores
i hate my pores.
the combination of activated charcoal
glycolic acid is exactly what my dehydrated clogged pores needed
that also softens the product in the stick
it foams up nicely
i do not find that it pulls my blackheads out or is really deep-pore cleansing
cleans my pores out like crazyyy.
it helped clean my pores like crazy
doesn't melt or leak in your suitcase
cleans the skin amazingly well!
one of those changes is large pores
my pores have shrunk
apply the stick to wet skin
then rinse it off completely
it really pulls everything to the surface to clear out pores
my pores look smaller too
i also use this as a mask by just wetting my face
glue-like substance left on my skin that i could only remove with my nails
not gently with my fingertips
it clears my pores
it foams up with wet.
since its solid it doesn't slash the soap into my eyes unlike the liquid face wash
the warming face wash from boscia
it works wonders on my oily skin
it has substantially minimized my pores
i find it has a cooling sensation when
really gets in the pores
it's much thicker than your typical cleanser
feel like i'm getting deeper into my pores
my pores are normal again.
it gets really deep into the pores without irritating the skin
this is for pores.
blocked pores and black heads.
no more squeezing which causes damages enlarged pores
those unsightly broken capillaries
another charcoal mask that was $69
my pores were completely clear
more product squishes up
i truly noticed my pores being cleansed out.
then i lather it onto my face
love how it cleans
it does tighten my pores a good bit.
it balances out my oiliness
minimizes the size of your pores
it like vacuumed my pores shut
wouldn't suggest for dryer skin
then put the wet brush directly on the cleanser stick
put stain remover on my towel right away
tightening up your pores
my pores were smaller
cleans out your pores
my pores were smaller
only because it was getting the crud out of my pores
i like the tiny granules i can feel as i rub it in
extractions could keep my pores clean
my pores aren't clogged at all
i struggle with large pores unfortunately
lather with water which does the trick perfectly
then i rinse my face with warm water
i like to use one of those little silicone rubbery pads with the little nubbies on it
i rub off a thin little layer from the stick
pores are still an issue for me
no problems with melting.
i've tried tons of different scrubs
really deeps cleans your skin
it does a great job getting deep to the pores.
shrinks the appearance of my pores dramatically
this cleanser shrank my pores
since it mixes with water
glides easily across your skin
milky on my skin
have noticed a shrinkage in my pores
it did clear up my pores
this really gets your pores squeaky clean
after just one use, my pores looked amazing!
the stick won't glide smoothly
it is like a clay
it dried my skin slightly
it brings a rich lather
it transformed into a creamy lather
pores are not getting clogged.
after a couple uses almost all of my blackheads began rising to the surface
bha acids completely dries out the sides of my mouth
which is strange for an extremely oily person with a tendency for clogged pores
don't like exfoliators that dry out my skin
with the exception of large pores
my pores instantly appeared smaller
i don't want bacteria growing on it
is i scrape off about a cm
after you get it evenly spread
then wet your fingers
work it into a lather
it does seem to minimize pores too
s were wet the heat activated on your h
the first time i used it my pores looked cleaner
all i can do is put my fingers into the goop
apply it to my nose
i apply dry to my face then i use a facial scrubbie pad soaked in water
gently cleanse my skin
can practically incubate blemishes
this moisturizer gel literally melts into what feels like a water as you apply it
as the melted gel covers your entire face effortlessly
the lotion really feels like it melts
skins all the way into your skin
it also helps with damaged dry skin
too glowy for my oily face
not cakey or oily
before bed i use a pore minimizing toner
then layer a heavier cream such as origins night-a-mins
how quickly it soaked into my skin
leaving no texture or residue behind
has replaced my cream moisturiser
my skin is typically oily
i put drops of face oils
gets rid of my dry patches
dissipates into your skin
voila your skin is moisturized
just melts into water on your face
it kind of drip into your palm
easily absorbs into skin
s are left with a little sticky residue
at night i layer this with a thicker cream for moisture
comes out like a thin gel
it soaks in really fast
gives my skin some light moisture for the day
its gel texture absorbs instantly
the formula just disappears into my skin
it is a gel and not watery.
absorbed immediately to a smooth finish.
soft applying my powder foundation
my skin is on the drier side
quick:soaks into skin quicklysuper lightweight smells amazingly sweetgreat under night creamdoesnt feel tackyleaves ur skin glowy with minimized pores
it does not clog pores at all.
it is a very light oil that sinks in quickly.
on my skin i felt it absorbed quickly
it dissolves into my skin easily just like a toner or an serum
i first tried this after rinsing off a clay mask.
this one absorbs well
completely minimized my pores
followed by deep moisture therapy
i gently rub in a circular motion
grainy because it is a scrub as well as a mask
pores were clean as well.
clears off my skin !!
then use the flashmud brightening mud for
i am glowing after using this as well as their volcanic moisturizer
my pores are enlarged
then i wet the pad
aha peels performed by an aesthetician in the past
the dermaclear purges all the clogged keratin from your face
it's your skin getting unclogged from years worth of dead cells
whitens the skin immediately after the first use :
mud saves me steps
the mud cuts the oil
i don't feel like it does much for unclogging pores
then your rub the mask onto your face and neck.
i lightly rubbed it on
clogged pores with the occasional hormonal break out on my t zone area
it clarifies your pores without being super drying like a clay mask
it has little beads you can use to exfoliate in circular motions
as a also had the brightening mask by algenist which also has chunks of seaweed in it
because the texture is not as dense
compacted as other masks
get rid of sun damage
it definitely pulls all the dirt out of your skin
bumps surface immediately following removal
it gently exfoliates the skin allowing the vitamin c to lighten tighten
everything absorbs evenly into my skin
massage gently for a few minutes
i rinsed it off
besides my radiance brush head from the clarisonic line
just throw the wipes into your bag
i love these wipes.
i love these wipes
keep my pores clean better than charcoal products
after i use on my face i scrub them on my elbows.
these easy to use wipes effectively remove dead skin so that smooth healthy skin is left
or feeling coated by something like with other wipes
wanted to try these wipes as kind of like a baby step toward facial peels
tend to collect a lot of blackheads on my nose
acne dries up faster
i love these wipes
between the plastic lid helps keep the wipes from drying out
used the textured side for a commercial break
omg this wipe wiped all my dry skin
even shrinking my pores
thoroughly rinsed it off your face
it tightens everything in 7 min
it is a smoothing product since it diminishes the look of pores
ensuring that nothing seeps out of the secured open corner
it tightens your pores
after rinsing off the dried product
most of the pores are hidden
forehead is completely smooth
roloxin automatically tightens my face
also reduces the appearance of my pores
my pores looked smaller
i do tend to have large pores on
i do notice that my pores appear minimized
this is light and soaks in quickly.
this masks softens my skin
my pores look smaller
as well as tightening pores
it softens and does so much more.
gently scrubs dead layers
it calms my skin
just one pump cleanses the skin
my pores looked tight afterword
it dries like a clay mask
wash it off in the shower really scrubbing the beads into your skin when you wash it off
it also helped with the pores on my nose.
after using mask after mask
poreless without drying it out
i like how its a clay mask with scrubby bits in it
then you can gently scrub away dead skin
along with the active charcoal mask
using this after i exfoliate really smooths my skin out
does clear out your pores
i wet my fingers
then rinsed it off
after washing your face
it dried my skin out
massage it with wet fingers
i used the white clay from kiehl's before
it softens my skin because of all of the little jojoba beads
it is a bit drying
my pores look smaller
my pores don't "vanish" like the packaging claims
it was gentle and cleans your pored thoroughly.
once i rinsed it off
i've got oily/combo skin
this helped my pores appear smaller
it immediately refines my skin
my pores feel tight
or just rinse it off
this is the first mask i've used that actually made my pores look smaller
this mask gently exfoliates
i love how it tightens as it dries.
this is effective without over drying my skin.
it dries down a lot
large pores showing up
it feels slightly drying
clears up any texture issues right away
by making it dryer
really clears the guck from your pores.
dry patches on my cheeks disappear
except the new ginzing peel off
at the same time it deep cleans my pores
the mask gently exfoliates
i love using this mask 2 days after charcoal mask
smooths while still smelling amazing
it smooths out my skin
it actually hydrates it as well as leaves it smooth
skin type- combination dry.
hydrates the skin while at the same time tightening pores
smoothed stuff out on my skin
it also shrinks pores which is a plus.
paper until i used this mask
my pores looked smaller
glowing after washing it off
did help the pores out a bit
my pores appear smaller
more than usual enlarged pores
pores are tight but not dry.
when it comes to repairing your skin
it goes away once blended into the skin
the layers go on perfectly
absorbs without leaving a white/grey sheen under my makeup
it is light and quick absorbing.
causing more oils to come through
am also turned off by sun screens that leave a white residue or have a filmy feel after application
absorbs nicely - no white film or residue.
it is the only spf that doesn't clog my pores
does not break me out or clog pores
the algae one especially
i keep it in a ziplock bag
it says to apply a fine layer
i only use a light layer on my face
i usually seal it up in a ziploc bag
it clears me up noticeably without any drying
my pores are smaller
your skin absorbs it so well
they really help maintain a moisture barrier to protect my skin
depending on your skin
raw from nose-blowing
it packed amazing moisture
i used the blue algae sleeping mask
my pores were minimized
also sebaceous filaments with extreme oil on my nose
has no oily or waxy residue
the way it soaks into my dry skin
it goes on thick
it all soaks in
my face absorbs it pretty quickly
i find it absorbs
can't wait to try the pore minimizing one
isn't sticky on the fingers
cheeks are flaking badly
the flaking is solved overnight
i solve the storing issue by scooping it into an empty glass pot i got from another lotion sample
cooling on the skin when applied
algae masks made my skin so smooth
the directions say apply a thin layer
it almost dries to a powder of sorts
it tames my oily nose
it absorbs quickly for those morning rushes
pump bottle is sturdy
no greasy and totally absorbed by skin.
i love that it absorbs very quickly
absorbs into the skin really fast
it doesn't burn the eyes
if it isn't well rinsed
it melts everything away
rinses clean with no residue
then apply a little warm water to turn it into the milky cleanser
it doesn't leave the skin oily i rinse it off with luke warm water
melts off my waterproof eyeliner super easily
foundations or setting sprays i used
rinsed off leaving my skin soft
moisturized with no greasy residue
melt all make up including water proof mascara!
rub this into dry skin for about a minute
it dissolves mascara like a dream.
then wash off with water.
add a bit of water to emulsify
without leaving skin dry
i also found that it is great at removing wax that i use on my upper lip
remove all the excess wax as good as baby oil
scrub it away without leaving a greasy residue like baby oil does
takes off the liquid lipstick
it melts off makeup and leaves my face soft.
this oil cleans like a dream.
doesn't burn your eyes
after rubbing into my dry face
it turns into that white frothy texture with a splash of water
it cleans my face well
this product helps keep the moisture in
great for melting off make up
it's blanched out my skin
then a deeper cleanse with the clinique sonic brush
add water to emulsify it
this dissolves mascara beautifully
it doesn't leave a greasy/squeaky-dry residue to your skin
sometimes i apply with a sponge
removes waterproof make up
colourpop matte lips with one wash which is a miracle
it doesn't leave a residue
its not really filmy
lather it in dry
than add water to get the bubbles
skin feels clean, not greasy/filmy after using.
without any greasy film or residue
i feel my skin is dryer and craves moisture.
the quicker this absorbs means the more your under eye area is dehydrated
there is no oily residue
non-greasy for oily skins as well
the texture is gel-like, not sticky or oily.
not directly under your eye or on your eyelids
light weight, absorb quickly, refreshing.
gives me protection from the sun
has filters to absorb uv rays so your skin doesn't dry out
the pores are tightened
this mask reduces dark spots
the only product that erases my blackheads on my nose
the idealist pore minimizing skin refinisher
the pores in my skin tightened up
the clear bottle lets the sunlight in to degrade these ingredients
it is an oil but it absorbs very quickly.
it is in a clear plastic bottle
sinks right into the skin
oily t zone/dry cheeks
layers nicely under my other products
it absorbs into the skin beautifully
is silky once applied rather than greasy
almost matte feeling compared to other heavy oils leaves a light veil of moisture
mix 3 drops of the oil
the moisture surge intense
where my cheeks are drier
it absorbs quickly without any greasy feel.
melts into my skin.
this stuff actually plumps it up
seems doesn't absorb well because of the thickness
not oily, filmy or heavy.
this cream goes on easily
very moisture and easy to spread.
cheeks are dry while my chin is oily
drier in the winter
unless i coated my face in vaseline
it will clog your pores if you're not exfoliating your face
peeling off of my face
it hydrates and lifts my skin.
developed weird super dry patches
i don't end up with a nose chalk full of gunk
i also seal this in with 3 drops of tarte maracuja oil
peels around my chin
doesn't roll up with serum underneath.. love it
it's not greasy and absorbs quickly.
it is really moisture
leaves a thin layer of oil
i literally feel the moisturizer absorb into my face
when my skin is extra dry i'll apply a more thick layer
and it makes my flaky dry skin disappear!
it literally hydrates your skin within the first use
because it was my first canvas, i oil paint too.
use a thick eye cream
it really alleviates the dryness
using cleaning cloths to clean your eye before use helps reduce the "drag" compared to water based cleanserafter about a week
love the way it penetrates
foundation ends up flaking or looking like it sits on top of my dry skin
these drops help it sink in
then ad about 5 drops of the serum onto my face
it sinks right into my skin
then 3 drops of this oil
also revives old dried out moisture based products
the radiance infusion drops came as a sample size in a sephora glow kit
i simply drop the oils on the surface of my face
my skin ceases inevitably.
rub them between my palms
keep it from drying out during cooler temp
my skin keeps its moisture throughout the day
3 drops to my foundation mix
it's not greasy & absorbs nicely.
by gently pressing into my skin
my skin transformed immediately
when i use it alone it quickly absorbs into my skin
put a few drops of the cover fx hydrating oil on
it goes on easily and it dries up nicely.
it sinks right in to my skin
not for oily skin as it is oily.
my skin is 10x redder right after washing
i blend 1-3 drops into my foundation
contains many oils, yet is not greasy, oily.
unlike mixing foundations with a face oil
adding it to my cc cream thins it just enough to avoid that weird chalkiness that emphasizes my pores
it drys mate, perfect for oily skin.
didn't have a oily residue.
refreshing once it glides onto the skin
also dries within 1 minute with no greasy residue
dry cheeks oily t zone
this cools down redness
this stuff gives a ton of moisture without clogging my pores
smothered my nose in it
moisture sink into my skin
would dry completely matte after a few minutes of applying
with a lot of oiliness on my nose
dry blotches all over my face
it spreads easily and does really absorb quickly.
it quenches my skin without leaving it looking oily or dewy
absorbs quickly into my skin
one tub goes a long way
before i have the green gel mask, still use its.
dries out skin like crazy
the product protects my fair skin from the sun.
it disappears as i rub the product into my skin
works wonders on your skin overnight.
very oily in the nose
it didn't clog my pores
melts into your skin
minimized damage from sun
absorbs to wear under my foundation
it absorbs really well into my skin.
they implanted a fungus on my entire face
neck because they used dirty tools/towels
absorbs nicely into the skin
it seems to make pores vanish
filters out harmful sun rays
it peels all the time
my pores are smaller
absorbs quickly into my skin leaving a glow that lasts all day
simply melts into the skin
doesn't leave sticky residue.
it gives your skin the right amount of moisture with a dewy finish
with the boscia black face wash being as drying as it is
it soaks in the skin in less then a minute
it sinks into the skin very quickly
have oily/combo skin
read the reviews about a sticky texture left on the skin
the gel-like substance gets absorbed with my skin well
it helped regulate the dryness
after a min or two it's dry with no residual stickiness
plumps my skin for the next day
it absorbs pretty quickly
have jar after jar of half used products
it creates the softest skin while keeping acne at bay
pores in my nose
it make my pores just disappear
really sinks into your sink which is great for oily skin
it sinks into the skin quickly
the gel locks in the moisture.
absorbs and skin feels firmer.
pat it on, don't rub.
it absorbs quickly and it's very light weight!
it dries so nicely on my skin
actually keeps skin moist
i add a little benefit powder on top with urban decay oil deflecting spray
it absorbs in quickly and is not greasy.
my pores are invisible
makes my pores smaller
keeps flakes away without being too intensive
that keeps the oil
dry to normalpros:- lightweight- absorbs quickly- heals dry skin- reduces
still leaving a layer of moisture on top of the skin too
i love that it absorbs right in
it soaks right in and goes straight to work.
huge pores since i was 17
my pores are almost non existent
how it absorbed into my skin
even helped with my big pores
then primer/ or smash on primer water
then put my ysl fusion ink foundation on
gel like without being thick and greasy.
rub it in completely
rub it in completely
has a drying feel once dried
i apply a thin layer of the gel
then a light layer of this creme
that disappears within seconds
this night creme absorbs quickly
i think this cream absorbs into my skin well
it really minimizes fine lines
some crepiness on the lids
on the lids for me
sinks in quickly and isn't sticky with makeup.
not sticky or greasy, sinks right into my skin.
it softens the skin around the eye
enough moisture and lift, and also depuff.
causes upper lid creepiness
left me with clogged pores
not too greasy but moisturizes my dry eyes.
no creasing at all
it doesn't prevent makeup settling into creases
you need an applicator to get it out of the jar
gets absorbed very quickly
fresh rose eye gel)
it provides great moisture around the eyes though
firms up the lids
product is light weight easily absorbed into skin
softens the undereye area
plumps up little lines
this eye cream is moist.
burn or tear up
absorbs nicely- not greasy.
it is silky and glides on, absorbing quickly.
it absorbed quickly amd left no terrible residues behind
it goes on clear and reduces dark circles.
easy to apply and absorbs quickly.
dipping my fingers in there can contaminate the whole jar
soaks right into the delicate eye area without needing to rub
you can just gently smooth this on
not runny but not thick.
dries quick like i mentioned
it absorbed very fast
the cream absorbs very fast
which i had to change my concealer for because the bare minerals powder i was using was kinda clotting up with this underneath------
make-up doesn't smudge
easily absorbed cream that blends in
not a thick white cream
this eye cream is light and absorbs quick.
it is not filmy or scenty
it surprisingly dries very smoothly under the eye
this eye balm is thick
sinks in quickly, not greasy or heavy.
it sinks in swiftly.
immediately softens the eye area
it is not greasy and absorbs quickly.
the immortelle eye balm is a keeper
this eye cream seeps into your skin right away leaving your under eyes hydrated
this is the perfect amount of moisture
melts into the skin without feeling greasy
spreads over the skin easily
especially from over-washing
this product wipes on smoothly
melts into your skin
it keeps old skin moist
absorbs into the skin quite well
the tub lasts for 3-4 months
this is a beautiful cream that melts into your skin with no greasy residue
feel like they're clogging my pores
absorbs pretty well into skin
it absorbs quickly even though it is thick
absorbs into the skin nicely
this product does a great job providing lasting hydration for my skin without clogging my pores
immortelle precious cream absorbs quickly
it absorbs into your skin
as the weather cools
it absorbs super fast
it absorbs almost immediately
the very precious fluid
it has completely eliminated the crepe skin on my neck
sensitive with dry patches
great formula - doesn't clog pores or get oily.
easily absorbed into the skin without feeling greasy
it doesn't clog my oily spots
the drying clay feels like a regular clay mask
then it foams up when washing it off
without stripping all my moisture
the cleanser the mask turns into is foamy
goes a long way in clearing up my pores
my larger pores on my nose that are always full of blackheads were noticeably cleaner
product on dry skin
let it sit for a few minutes then add splashes of h20 to make a nice froth to remove makeup
it rinses like silk
rubbed lighty into the skin
it turns into a nice creamy foamy scrub
it does foam when in contact with water
plus since it foams up
washes off like a face wash
flaky when i rinse it off
clearing out my pores
removes base make-up
the cooling sensation when you remove it is amazing
you add water to it it lathers into a milky consistency
wash off with warm water
still helps clear up my pores
put a thin layer on my t-zone
jart sheet mask on a whim
creamy when you rinse it off after letting it dry
it foams up when you add water
this trio really cleans out my pores
great for days when i'm in need of ridding any filled pores
it also removed my roller lash mascara.
it foams up so nicely
warning: it is very drying
it foams nicely and washes off easily.
these has hydrogen mineral water which keep moisture in the skin just like the micro clear water
circular motions with your fingertips to foam it up
because the product description claims these masks "foam" when wet
green for more oily parts
like my pores are closed off
the mask removed oil without drying out my skin
or get rid of excess sebum
it dries tight on your skin
then you add water to rinse
it foams to cleans your skin
hair line from getting sweaty
the clay doesn't appear to absorb any oil
i really enjoy using these clay foams.
then brush my teeth
soft without a residue after
the green mask keeps you matte for at least 24 hours
it turns into a light foam and easily rinses off.
washes your face like a beast
it is slightly drying
it deeply cleanses my face removing makeup without drying
dry out the skin
that not only dries the skin
s after wetting them
it foams up so well
remove it gently with a wash cloth
it foamed up like crazy!
takes the dirty oils out of my pores
it really cleans the skin well
just a dab will lather up your whole face
it imparts a soft glow that comes from the tiny gold particles in it
my skin soaked it up immediately!
absorbs nicely into the skin leaving a sticky
the stickiness goes away
it does spreads nicely over freshly cleansed + toned skin
when you pump this onto your fingertip it has a shimmery gold look
my skin eats this up.
then either a face oil at night or the tatcha mist spray
foundation glide right over it
this serum does help to control my oily skin
remove it from bottle
the large pores up by my cheeckbones
it penetrates quickly into the skin
i rub the pads all over my face
this product absorbed nicely
absorbed beautifully into skin as well
goes on to dry skin smoothly
gets absorbed very quickly with no filmy feel
feel like it does its job to lock in the residual moisture on my freshly cleansed face
gently rub the pad in the morning
glowed after using 1st pad
i like these pads.
most face washes leave my cheeks tight and dry.
after i apply a pad
this product keeps oiliness at bay
rub on both palms
it comes out as a thin gel
this moisturizer is very lightweight gel that absorbs nicely without settling atop your skin
it is lightweight and absorbed quickly.
really absorbs quickly non greasy
it absorbs very quickly and isn't oily.
light gel-cream that is absorbed quickly.
especially if stored in the fridge
it fills out fine lines and wrinkles.
its really fast absorbing
the lines are smoothing
it describes the eye cream as creating a bubble between skin
blotting dry with a clean washcloth
i only apply on my cheeks
no rubbing or piling
is oily enough to resemble an overused frying pan
bottom line, it's healing.
dries out my skin
my skin absorbed it instantly
the serum is really fast-absorbing
sticky residue like some products
because it is a serum it absorbs into the skin pretty quickly
make the capillary walls stronger leading to less sensitive skin
never irritates my contacts
cleans it off without drying it out
gentle face wash that really cleans my skin thoroughly without stripping it bare
softens my forehead wrinkles
this cleaned it without irritating
it accumulates in the cap
doesn't clog my pores
smoothes out mouth wrinkleslike an iron.
the nourish with adding the lancer sunscreen over it protects me from the aging process
i saw smaller pores
opens my pores to receive a treatment step
absorbs so nicely into your skin
your skin is screaming for the comfort of moisture
helps make large pores less pronounced.
my pores were large
this soaks in really nicely
my pores appear smaller
it stimulates new cell growth and tightens pores.
this eye cream was the icing on the cake
soaks into the skin nicely
absorbs nicely into your eye area
my eyes dry out easily
despite me slathering it on
the gel itself dries feeling a bit "tight"
the gel-cream texture doesn't leave a layer under my makeup
it absorbs quickly into the skin
dehydrated with large pores
it absorbs well too
even for oily combination skin
it soaks in immediately
occlusive moisture w/out feeling heavy
it hydrates without being too heavy.
layers easily over serums
it didn't heal the dry patches
without leaving my skin oily
my skin feels thoroughly drenched with moisture without feeling greasy or oily
it feels like moisture floods the skin.
it is quick absorbing
substantially less breakout/clogged pores
t doesn't clog pores
i swear it minimizes smile lines
its absorbs so fast
i usually used moisture surge from clinique
it sinks in to your skin within minutes
melts into my skin leaving my skin smooth
it melts into your skin
it smooths over your skin
literally drenches it with hydration
melts in to the skin
this serum absorbs quickly
it got rid of my dry flakes
it smooths my fine lines
without the slightest burn
20 pumps total to remove a full holiday thick make up with water proof mascara
dried cracked lips under lipstick is instantly healed
the wet it to activate
except this one has some fine granules in it
it doesn't strip my skin
doesn't contain all the chemical nasties i try to avoid
pollutants in the morning
wash it off with cold water
i just put a thin layer on my face
the hydration in this mask always gets rid of any flakes from my skin
this one is so light it practically absorbs right into my skin
the blue marine wins hands down for hydration!
it made my pores non-existent
hydrates after i washed it off with cool water
the ptr cucumber mask sometimes burns my patches
ignore any lingo about eco bubbles protecting your skin thanks to glacial compounds
unless you repurpose a small spoon for scooping
warm water before putting your finger in to scoop out product
unwashed fingers create breeding grounds for bacteria which cause breakouts
no pore stripper removes my blackheads like this mask does
i could easily do it while brushing my teeth at night
clears my acne helps tone down my super oily skin
this mask gave me immediate results: super clean pores
i see my very large pores
blackheads instantly become smaller if not disappear fully
this mask does clean out your pores
bring unsightly things to the surface
this mask clears my pores
it dries in less than 3 minutes.
i take a warm cloth and wipe it off.
says it takes 3 minutes to dry
i found it dried instantly
just a twirl to cover the cotton
as i apply, it starts to absorb.
it really smooths out my skin
evens out more pores
the skin dew spray
absorbs into my skin well
absorbs quickly into my face
softens my under eye area
it's thick but absorbs well.
it absorbs very well
i expect the skin dew
i love the deep moister it brings to your skin without leaving you oily
letting the product sink into the skin a bit
it didn't clump and my face wasn't oily.
smooth evenly then apply foundation
didn't clog my pores
then my face primer before my coverfx cream foundation compact
kind of like rubber cement
i kind of think that the balling is because of the acid in it dissolving dead skin
the skin cells have to go somewhere?
my pores are smaller
it locks in moisture
leaves out the garbage toxic chemicals
it soaks in well
this product just soaked into my skin
it calms my skin
hydrates without any sign of greasiness
absorbs quickly and improves moisture retention
turning 50 has turned my skin into dust.
it soaks right in.
this provides deep moisture without feeling heavy or greasy
this gives ok moisture
even the dry patches
just a little bit coats your skin with a lovely layer of moisture
it lets my pores breathe
for colder months to seal in moisture
love the bubbles and give clean finish
most importantly it doesn't clog my pores
it minimize the pore
the creases of my nose
it sinks into skin beautifully
it instantly absorbed into my skin
not just cleaning the surface
it doesn't seem to clog pores
it never dries out my body
it lathers up nicely.
he washes with this
dries with a clean towel
cleans thoroughly and rinses off well.
i smooth a few drops of the lapis oil
great mixture of oils that actually unclogs my pores
deeply cleanse skin without drying or irritating
leaves your face feeling clean without a film of oily substance or layer of product
non drying yet gentle
my skin is oily because of a lack of moisture
not immune from clogged pores
gunk from my face at the end of the day
it doesn't leave much foam/soap on the face to allow for good lubrication
dried it out while irritating it
this soap glides on my skin gently
reduced my very visible pores
it soaks in just fine
hydrates dry areas while balancing my oily t-zone
there is less flaking on my nose
providing just the right amount of moisture with no greasy residue
can absorb so fast into my skin
this oil soaks into my skin quickly
it balances the oily parts of my face while moisturizing the flaky/dry parts leaving my skin evenly toned
this oil absorbs quickly
fortunately the scent fades very quickly
using this in conjunction with the blue tansy mask has cleared up my skin
it does not clog my pores
retin-a also leaves your skin a bit red
everything settles into my pores.
my pores appear smaller
forehead, cheeks) while i was using this oil.
the oil will soak up faster
i love that the silky oil glides easily over my skin without any sticky residue
it was applied on the skin after peeling or waxing to cool the irritation
note: you will look like a greased chicken immediately after application
everyone's skin absorbs at different rates
i don't feel it clogs up my pores
phoenix roller balls as well
it clam and balanced my skin.
it moisturises without making my face greasy
surface shine all without dehydrating the skin
the dropper dispenses evenly
it also absorbs quickly into the skin.
no greasy streaks or residue, just pure moisture.
give me bumps of hardened sebum
this oil does not clog my pores
products tend not to clog my cheeks
(i usually use this time to brush my teeth!).
upon massaging it into my skin
it absorbed quite nicely
i stumbled onto this product when i did a search for "oily skin" oils
this one absorbs the best
goes on silky instead of oily
oily skin will love this oil.
while the oil doesn't seep into my skin as well as the phoenix oil
the two mesh so beautifully together
the oil really penetrates into the skin without looking or feeling greasy
my skin is clearing
pore are decreasing in size on nose
seal the oil with a light layer of moisturizer
this oil heals my scars so fast
this oil absorbs well
i like that it absorbs into my skin so well
it is never greasy, gooey, sticky or heavy.
this oil absorbs quickly
it sinks into my skin more than i've seen from other oils
it absorbs so well
most of the facial oil clogs my skin
this facial oil really helps to lock in moisture
it provides the perfect amount of moisture for my skin without making it oily
it absorbs very well
out of all their oils this is "thickest" feeling
dry with flaky splotches
i layer it over an herbivore night cream to seal in more moisture
takes some time to absorb
absorbs into skin amazingly
somehow manages to soak in very quickly
the oil absorbs quickly
this orchid facial oil will literally transform your skin in every way possible
absorbs making my face glow
forehead then small bits of acne on my cheeks
it absorbs really nicely
really locks in moisture
the crushed pearly bits are hard to disperse into the mask
only the side effects of peeling/flaky skin
when you rinse it off after 20 minutes your skin feels smooth
fresh after using the mask
it settles on the bottom of the jar
it comes with a scooper/stirring tool so you can stir up the magic
it dries evenly and rinses easily.
i slab this on my face while i brush my teeth
dries in a few minutes to a little bit of tightness
she eliminated the tiny whiteheads on her nose
also tried a sea salt spray
sugar on the face
spread a thin layer on
it does a great job of removing dead skin cells
my pores are smaller.
it does so gently
my pores are smaller
my oily/combination skin in check
you really only need a thin layer.
just use a paper towel or face towel under medium-hot water
my pores are way less visible.
the spoon that comes with it is useless.
i used the lapis oil to add a little moisture back into my skin afterwards
it tightens my pores
or dip my fingers in it to apply
i believe it also minimizes my pores
takes of all the surface dead skin so your pores can actually breathe
you only need a thin layer
i've noticed a huge difference in the pores by my cheeks
the instructions suggest you apply a thin layer daily for 3-4 days straight
i barley made a dent in the jar
after it drys there is no tingle sensation
left me with a cooling tightening sensation
i noticed my pores were decongesting
blackheads became much easier to extract
my clogged pores have cleared up
i repeat, clogged pores, gone!!
like blot every 3 to 3 1/2 hours oily
this mask literally transforms your skin.
it was just a gel mask
even my pores appear smaller
i've used many pore minimizers
it shouldn't drip off your face.
dry patches on my forehead
oh cannot forget the forever clogged pores
i love the cooling effect on my skin
i brush it on with a flat foundation brush
clogged pores on my face in the morning
the texture is like a lightweight gel that sinks in within 2 minutes
you only need to apply a thin layer
my pores even looked smaller
this clears up any blemishes quickly
less hyper-pigmented after one use
my pores are refined
my face tolerates it just fine
it speeds up pimples healing/clearing out clogged pores
the residue can be wiped off by a soaked cotton pad
toning with the occasional face scrub
it even shrunk my large pores
there is a thin layer of filmy material that i have to wash off for a good 2 minutes to get off
resurfacing mask that i've used
gloopy i need to lie down while applying the mask sheet
the mask makes my pores look smaller
i applied with a clean flat foundation brush in a thin layer
as well as horribly large pores on nose
this was able to clean out my pores
the mask is basically a mini chemical peel
developed really large pores
like churns my stomach
decreased the look of my pores
gently wipe off with a washcloth
comes with a large spatula too.
pores were minimized and my face was bright.
being all kinds of dry/pimple/bumps/oily mess
it clears up my skin without ever drying it out
goes on as a clear gel.
immediately after rinsing off the mask
my skin feels clogged
i apply a thin layer as instructed
it absorbs quickly and feels great on my skin.
it definitely absorbs fast
softens the área for sure
it goes on delicately
actually absorbs pretty quickly
it hydrates my under eye nicely
lessens the look of fine lines
i applied it in a dabbing motion
instead of rubbing it in
the flaking has disappeared after two uses!
it is lightweight and absorbs well into the skin.
does not sting or burn even when applied to your lid or brow bone
farmacy eye dew has completely healed that
im the one ripping the non removeable lids of jars with plyers or cutting plastic tubes in half
because of that absorbs quickly
it's not too thick to dab or move around gently
really hydrates my under eyes
my eyelids sometimes get dry patches:
doesn't burn my eyes
plus it sinks in beautifully!
it does absorbs quickly n mosturize the eyes
smooths and evens out skin.
with eye dew i've finally found it
not to mention my wrinkley lids
it is a nicely thick cream that easily glides around your eye
it seemed to absorb instantly
this light green cream absorbs easily
it soaks in fast
as it seams to soak into my skin better with a little moisture in the air or left on my face
wake up with dried up little pimples
it sinks into the skin immediately.
frosted bottle keeps all ingredients vital due to air tight
most importantly it has stabilized my sebum production
it dries completely smooth
i wake up with plump, soft skin with no clogs.
even for oily-combo skin types
sensitive skin with pores
my pores got smaller
it oxidizes in like three months both times i've purchased
b-hydra alleviates that problem
after the application it tingles
the darks spots from previous blemishes
that its reduced the appearance of my pores
great for minimizing pores.
i reapply spf throughout the day with the ptr translucent powder
used this for a month without it clogging a single pore
keeping that flaky dryness away
i can easily layer products without them pilling
it is non greasy and absorbs quickly.
the excess skin in my cheeks is flattening down
it goes away once it soaks in
i love that the packaging is opaque to prevent degradation of the ascorbic acid
of course everybody's skin reacts differently
tilt it to squirt it into your h
otherwise it spills down the side
a protruding spout like a skin lotion bottle would have been much better
anything darker it's beginning to oxidize
it absorbs very quickly into my skin
it soaks in quickly
it comes from the pumpkin extract
other products i have used sort of clump or ball up when applying moisturizer on top
try extractions on my own
i swear after application some of the redness in my face dissipates
then it absorbs quickly into my skin for a smooth
i still would repurchase because it smooths out my skin
doesn't leave an oil residue
not sticky and it soaks in easily.
it quickly disappears after application
my face looked a heavy greasy mess with pronounced pores etc
can oxidize very quickly if exposed to light
this one soaks into the skin nicely
i washed my faces dry it out
aborbs quickly and isn't sticky or oily.
this gel absorbed quickly
it absorbs in a flash
it reminds me of clinque moisture surge
left no greasy residue.
supple without any greasiness or oiliness
absorbs quickly, non greasy.
i found that a thin layer is the key
the way it soaks in without leaving my skin oily
it sinks into my skin very well.
instantly you feel this cooling sensation
perfect for winter dry air
it absorbs very quickly
sinks into your skin right away
i've had those irritating clogged pores for a while
it appears to be able to penetrate deep into pores
i love the fun of smearing whipped cream all over my face
it really cleansed my skin
it is so gentle and it cleans so well.
not stripped of all moisture
it removes dirt,oil as well as tighten skin!!
it actually minimized my pores
it washes cleanly without drying my skin
the foam is light
the foam doesn't become thin
smooth without being stripped of moisture
i does give a foamy milky cleanse.
it cleans very well
it soften my skin and cleans really well.
it can burn a touch if it drips in your eyes.
my face feels slightly rubbery after rinsing
cleans without making my super oily skin feel stripped
the foam is fun
this calms my face
unlike other "sensitive" cleansers it doesn't irritate or redden my skin
clearing up blemished skin
clearing up blemished skin
not squeaky clean like drying
creamy foam texture, cleans nicely.
it's a thick foam which is nice because i hate when foam washes just dissolve in your h
i apply it directly to the brush.
it really cleaned my skin
/or dry/combo skin
i like the smell and the thickness of the foam.
it's thick like shaving cream, yet delicate.
it doesn't strip your skin
once i rinsed it off my skin looked radiant
i massage it in until the bubbles go away
then, wash the layer off, dry, and voila!
just feels like bubbles popping
i've noticed that it does gently unclog pores
smoothen your skin right away this is the product for you
the bubbles kind of tickle as they pop
the foam dissipates throughout the 5 minutes you leave it on
washed my face first then sprayed out a bit too much applied
it helps me with moister
the rich foam doesn't fade quickly
the popping bubbles will tickle a bit
massage the super thick foam into your skin
my pores became noticeably smaller
plumping around my mouth
gently press into your skin neck and décolleté .
helps thicken my skin
it is quick to absorb in the skin
jawline just soften up
also doesn't clog my pores.
by applying it with upward circular strokes
it sinks in quickly
this is a great product and absorbs quickly.
setting powder my under eyes can easily look wrinkly
cooling on the skin
it also works on your wrinkles around the lips.
i applied a thin layer
a gel cream, melts and lifts my eye area.
it absorbs quickly, and hydrates well.
hoods from natural aging
whereas the skin used to almost touch my lashes
the texture just melts right into the skin
also use on lips
it de-puffs pretty much instantly
it is very light weight but moisture.
i've had lip filler before
as a brown skin customer
this product has removed numerous darks marks
it is a sticky product
the spots completely disappears
the only con is that it seems to clog my pores a bit
1) from within, 2) from the surface.
this product is meant to lighten pigment.
it may bleach existing spots from sun damage
slow to tan, rarely burn.
not once it sinks into the skin
it lightens up the scars
that does soak in
just happened to notice in my drawer of samples the bottle said "pigment lightening"
just in my pigmented area
sinks into the skin nicely
rub it on my skin
dab a bit on it
my pores are reduced
it makes your skin peel
on the balls of my cheeks
it visibly shrank my pores
this cleanser gently removes the texture
allows my skin to heal
i've tried many exfoliators specifically for texture on my forehead
exfoliated my skin without drying it
it gets ride of those tiny bumps on the skin that are caused by clogged pores
t doesn't irritate skin from chemicals
keeps my pores clean
small pimples/clogged pores
sensitive skin won't react
it was slightly drying
the size of my pores has made it difficult to clear out deep blackheads
smooths out any bumps i may have
foamy when applied to a wet face
it revealed a better layer of skin
dead skin removing face wash
leaves my skin exfoliated
i've had issues with clogged pores for a while
you can feel the beads removing the dead skin
it helps reduce my pores
don't strip the skin
unlike plastic beads found in cheaper exfolients
seems to be getting deep into the pores
reduced the size of my pores
helps with oily skin
dry patches on my cheeks
after washing my skin is free of all dead skin
i wipe it with a toner pad after
which has done wonders for my pores
this product was originally recommended to me by a wax specialist to help prevent ingrown hairs
it smoothes my skin
this wash has really smoothed it out
which increased the oiliness
it has a scrub that deep cleans
cleans really well to avoid breakouts
my pores are smaller
help regenerate new skin cells after a pimple leaves a red mark on my face
when i underneath water
didn't like the polishing beads
flakes from dry skin to no end
any ingrown hairs on his face
also sloughs away the dead skin
i love the smoothing buffing beads
my pores were smaller
take caution on the bridge of your nose as the beads can damage pores if you scrub too fiercly
the formula is a little drying
it gets out all the blackheads from underneath my skin out
my skin feels clean afterwards with no trace of oiliness or dirt
also comes off once you rinse with water
doesn't burn your eyes
emulsifies into an easy to rinse solution
it also deep washes your face
it helps grow your lashes
i prefer gently removing my eye
softness without any residue
just make sure to thoroughly massage your skin with your damped h
water for about 15-30 seconds after applying the oil to your dry skin
before completely rinsing your face off with water
massage 1-2 pumps onto a dry face with dry h
only burns or blurs my eyes when i really mash it into them
i take a few pumps of the oil
i apply 4 pumps of oil directly onto already dampened skin
the oil does seep into your eyes no matter how carefully you swipe or dab the product
my toner pad was completely clean which was a first
is quite easy to be rinsed off
rubbing on dry skin
i only wear a light dusting of powder
doesn't strip my skin
the oil transforms into a milk after you've splashed your face with water
can be easily washed away or even moisturized into the skin
no dirt or goo
doesn't drip off your face like some of the other thinner oils do
gently causes waterproof mascara to slip off
turns into a milky consistency after adding water love love lovethe product is a non greasy feeling on the skin
washes away with luke warm water
s on a dry face cleanses perfectly
then when water hits it turns milky
really calms my skin down
cleans my skin well after i wash.
it cleans very well
leaves skin oil free
i love how the mousse doesn't like evaporate
this foam is so gentle on my sensitive bi-polar skin
this foamy mousse is applied to dry skin
then worked in with water before rinsing
i love the gently
i love how well it cleans my skin
this one cleans the skin without stripping
it cleans the face of dirt
cheeks because i have sensitive skin that dries out easily
because of its drying affect
keeps the oil at bay
its ingredients can cause someone's dry skin to become drier
clear out all the bacteria/dirt on your skin
it dried out my skin so bad my skin was peeling
fresh effect on my skin
it hasn't dried out my skin
it does not cause my skin to peel or flake.
this for real kills bacteria.
helps keep my large pores clean & minimized.
occasionally follow up with murad toner
it cleans my skin very well
or your skin will flake
skin installs feels clean after each use
its 'drying' in the way it really cleans up the dirt
it lathers really well
follow up with belif's moisture bomb
uneven grossness to baby bottom smooth
i can feel my pores being cleaned.
i also purchased sephora's precision pore cleansing pad
i've noticed the product can be drying
i especially love that it cools your skin after use
it dries at first
goes deep into the skin
dry around the forehead
you literally have to dab
after years of getting filler
it absorbs beautifully with no residue.
add some water to hands to lather entire face.
on my forehead creases
easy to apply and no needles!!
it plumps my skin.
then i rinse it off with dabbing my face with a warm white cloth
it never leaves a residue
fyi my skin is dry with larger pores around the centre of my face on my cheeks
cotton pads to remove my eye make up
apply to dry skin, then moisten and scrub.
while rubbing it into my skin
rinses off easily as opposed to many greasy balms while still being creamy/oily in texture with a bit of gentle grit
it melts easy on the skin
it even has small granules of sugar in it that help gently exfoliate your face
the hollows of my cheeks
and my towels are white.
it will cleanse you like the waters of lake minnetonka
normally winter winds/temperatures
massaged my dry face
then i moistened my hand and gave it a second go.
i removed it with a facial sponge
my cotton pad is pure white after using this
the directions say to rinse with warm water
i hate rinsing with just warm water
clear out my pores
my pores are clean
cleans your face amazing
when you're finished rinsing your face
because it doesn't overwhelm my sensitive skin due to only being wax beads
after massaging it into my dry skin until all the grit has melted
i splash a bit of warm water onto my face
i then rinse with warm water
those are actually wax beads
if those wax beads aren't melting into your skin as you're massaging this balm into your skin
after massaging blue moon into my dry skin
all the wax beads have melted
i splash a bit of warm water onto my face
turning it milky--that's when all my makeup gets removed
i then rinse with warm water
with my combo/oily skin
after 1 min of massaging followed by a warm rinse
more like a thick balm
then rinse again with a konjac sponge
/or sometimes a muslin cloth
on dry skin then rinse with warm water after about 2-3 minutes
then it becomes milky and the sugar dissolves.
the scrubby bits actually help exfoliate while also being a gentle balm
i like the idea and applicator.
this literally melts it away
then wipe it off with a warm rag
definitely cleans down deep
clean without the tightness that usually comes from a deep cleansing
balm/face mask in the pm
wipe off with tissue
it's gotten black tarte pot of gel eyeliner out of my white carpet
just rub a dab on
it wipes right off :-
gently work this in
rinse with lukewarm water
then i get a clean microfiber towel
soak it in mildly hot water
then wipe off any residue
this has cleaned out my pores
just rub it onto your face
it melts all of your makeup off
it starts almost as a fluffy paste
as you rub it turns into a milk
in the beginning of the melting process you will feel these gentle exfoliating sugar crystals that will completely melt once you completely rub it in
it turns to the oil
the sugar granules aren't harsh
it does the job...dissolves and cleanses away.
get a good sponge or even a wet paper towel to wipe off the cleanser along with your makeup
also dissolves for easy removal
the consistency of this balm prevents it from seeping into my eyes
it literally melts all my makeup
becomes more fluid at room/warm temperature
by placing the product on cleansed skin
you can repeat the process to help open pores on the skin
you use a warm muslin cloth to circulate the balm on your face
i wipe the balm off with a warm damp cloth
i rub my finger over the top to warm up the balm
slathering this yummyness on my face
it melts into the skin
whereas eve lom has more of a paste texture than this one
i just gently apply it
it just melts into my skin
melts away my makeup
i then rinse it off
it doesn't strip my skin
the product really melts into the skin to dissolve makeup
really cleans my skin
typically when i wash my face it gets redder
this balm melts to a silky milk while mostly removing makeup
once warmed on the skin
the sugar crystals take off the bits of dry skin
the crystals also just melt as you massage
after rinsing away there wasn't a stitch of it left
your skin glows as soon as you wash it off!
i think it was the roughness of the sugars.
i too rinse with a warm wash cloth at the end.
with no leftover residue
a soft knit cloth helped remove any excess at the end
then wipe the balm off
t washes off easily
does not clog pores
this sinks into my skin well
it also has wrinkle smoothing
it does not clog my pores
it melts right into my skin
i feel like it blurs out my pores just like the porefessional does
it absorbs quickly into my skin
it only takes 1-2 pumps to generously cover face
which i find drying
this cleanser preserves moisture
the sponge is a major plus.
the sponge does make a big difference.
mine didn't come with a sponge.
it cleanses without drying you out
the sponge is amazing.
ter you melt by rubbing in the palms of your h
s then apply to dry skin then use the wetted sponge to exfoilate
once you use the wet sponge to rub it in the
i like how it turns into a lighter oil when it warms up
quickly smooths over the face quickly since it's so silky
you can use the included sponge
you can use a muslin cloth
doesn't leave a residue on my skin after i use the sponge it comes with
it also leaves a film on your face from the residue
followed the directions with a washcloth
its unnoticeable after using this
it cleanses my face well leaving it soft
it only takes a little dab in your h
rinse off in the a
emulsifies immediately on contact with water
then melts the dirt of the day away
cleans without drying your face out
i rub a small amount a rinse off.
the silky feel of the sponge
it spreads very easily
washes off very clean
not in love with the sponge
it takes off everything even my waterproof lash glue
will not deep clean your pores
it dried up supper fast
all it needs is a mist of water to rewet
: apply it with damp h
s a tiny bit during the treatment to keep the conductivity going
am able to let the gel seep into my skin
lighter more watery formula is less sticky
it goes on oily
it absorbs in my skin so quickly
it starts off as a gel
then it melts into an oil
it lathers into a rich milky soap
the tub lasts so long
when you add water it turns milky
rinses off super easily
it turns into a milky emulsion
fixed my dry winter skin.
my skin dries out in the colder months
for my moisture mask needs
however this mask is a lightweight gel formula that left my skin relatively oil free
it absorbs fairly quickly
it makes prevents my skin from drying out
quickly absorbs into my skin
rinses off easily in the morning
i needed more softening and much more moisture.
moist in the morning
it was easy to rinse off
my skin is completely dried out
not oily or greasy
the product comes out like jello
jello-like texture so there's no oily residue in the morning
so no worries about staining my pillowcase
like a thin jelly or gel.
my skin absorbed it quickly
quickly absorbed into my skin
