wow... this stuff rocks!
it's very costly but surely worth every penny.
it is very pricey
you want to hate this because it's an expensive bar of soap
i also use on my body as well it's very refreshing
it's good enough for me
the packaging is awful
it's a little more than i like to spend
i'll be sad when i use them up cause this baby is pricey
it's not greasy on me
i didn't think it was heavy
but that's just too much.
just too expensive for it!
i liken it to something like that
it is super expensive
expensive yes, but worth it yes!
not get any star bucks for a month lol
yes it is expensive.
i just can't help loving the purplely cream too
it's the only product he's ever used that genuinely works
it has been amazing -- it's thick
it's actually gotten more soft
i love the fact that it's light
t won't be too heavy for nighttime
it's lightweight yet intense at the same time.
it did seem weird at first because of the tacky feeling
i admit it is a tiny bit heavy
i guess that's all the ingredients in it
it's not that bad
just feel generally luxurious
sadly i can't justify the price
maybe that's why i haven't found it to be sticky or blue ?
it's too spendy for me
yes the application is tacky
it's definitely worth it
i wish it wasn't so expensive.
it's really expensive for small jar.
it's a little too rich for the rest of my face
fab helped a bit but not like tatcha.
i wasn't expecting much as i never have found a true holy grail moisturizer
it's definitely worth it
i don't know if it's because of the indigo power
it's a very thick cream
it's wonderful as an eye cream
it's the only rich
i think it's worth it to me to splurge on this winter
i don't use it as directed lol
it's pretty crazy how well
i know it's pricey
$95 is pretty steep for a beauty oil
so worth the hype
i didn't want to like this because it's sooo expensive
it's softer than ever
it's really light i barely feel anything.
this stuff is pricey
i know this sounds like i’m exaggerating
ugh i'm so mad that this is such a great product.
the only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is the price
it's my new jam!
it's not greasy at all
you know that quality isn't cheap
i really wanted to dislike this because it's so expensive
i feel it's worth it
it's such a luxurious feeling to have something like this in your beauty routine
it's not greasy at all
pricey but don't regret it!
you are my absolute fave!!
it goes on a little tacky for me
it's not greasy either.
of course this smart night
it also has really cute packaging
so if it weren't pricey, i'd give this 5 stars.
but let's face it, $69 is expensive for a mask.
the peel is just so fun to do.
thought it was just a gimmick
my skin looks hella fantastic
no complaints (besides the price obvi lol) !
i don't know why it's this color.
this is so cool.
i just wish this wasn't so expensive.
it's not over powering though.
plus it's an awesome silver colour.
i'd say it's worth it!
the product is a bit pricey
it's definitely my favorite mask in the line!
it's so sweet and amazing.
it is a bit pricey
it's much better to take off
super fun you look like a glowing tin man by the time it's ready to come off just make sure you apply a generous amount
it's for a reason they are super effective
it's completely worth the money!
it is a little pricey
it's super cool looking, silver.
even your boyfriend gives you a funny look?
of course it's only temporary.
try it ~ it's fun.
this mask was so much fun to apply and wear lol!
over time it's not good for your skin
yes the price tag is a bit extreme
i believe it's worth it
it's great for my dry
i can't say firmer
this one is kinda magical
plus it's silver and is fun to wear :)
not very expensive feeling
i feel it is a tad overpriced
maybe it's the skin tightening effects
there is this little tingeling sensation while it's on
only problem was that it's alittle over priced.
love this although the price is kinda high
although it's on the pricey side
it's defiantly a fantastic splurge!
any skins nightmare basically.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it's fading very quickly
it's perfect for my skin because of the quality.
great product for the picky ones
it's not concerning enough that it out weighs all the pros
it's a super light formula
no idea what's in there that's made me less reptilian
this product totally made me see the hype around serums
after a while the smell isn't even that noticeable anymore lol v nice
my skin has become insanely dry
i swear on my life this thing has some voodoo magic in it
i tried this on a fluke and it's amazing!
once it is it's great
so far it's the only serum my super sensitive
it's a touch tacky on my skin
omg this stuff is amazing
my only reason for not giving it 5 stars is because it's a little pricey
it's just a good staple one
this combined with the fab ultra repair moisturizer got me through a stupid chicago winter
it's not too oily or heavy
it's perfect for those who have very sensitive skin because it's very light weight
(just to be sure there isn't a bad reaction.)
stuff lasts forever too.
it's not a miracle holy grail product either
i think hydrators are horribly underrated
definitely recommend, it's worth a shot!
it feels soooo refreshing
surprisingly it's lasted me this long
it truly is like a "corset for your face."
packaging was cute and easy to use.
a little goes a loooong way.
i no longer look like a zombie.
i always thought eye cream was pointless
my under eyes aren't so dark anymore
i didn't have a big bags
and it's cooling for sure!
doesn't feel greasy at all
it's not greasy at all.
don't sleep very well
one of my favorite things about this eye cream is that it's in a tube
won't lose it's potency
the packaging is cute, but it's so dysfunctional.
the pop up feature is totally annoying
on top of that, it's extremely cheap!
even more so than it's more expensive counterpart
that's what your night eye cream is for
as for the formula i think it's pretty good!
i don't have really bad dark circles
i didn't even realize i had that bad of dark circles
the only thing i didn't like is the weird applicator/packaging
the packaging though, ugh.
i find it to be incredibly moisturising without feeling heavy or drippy
it's an awesome product in my opinion.
i adore the smell---it's incredibly comforting to me for some reason
it's not gone altogether however
did i mention my skin is soooo soft
i know is very expensive
there's one more eye cream that's slightly less expense
wish it's cheaper too, it's kinda expensive.
my makeup always looks it's best
it didn't make my sking breakout since i have combination skin it's so far working good
it's a very good product overall
it is a little pricey
it isn't too sticky
if your skin isn't sensitive, it's fabulous.
it doesn't feel greasy
can't tell that it's even there
it's not thick either
i like that it's got the spf 30
the price isn't too bad either.
it's nice and light, but it does the job!
it's not greasy either.
it's not greasy really hyrates the skin.
it doesn't go on greasy
it's not too bad.
isn't greasy at all
well, i was silly.
am in my 40's and it's a perfect balance.
it works it's magic
it was the oddest thing!
it's not a crazy difference
i do think it's worth it
it's a little cold/tingly while on
it seems that most products can't touch this problem
i know this is a pricey product
just wish it wasn't so expensive
maybe that's why other reviewers are confused
the price is a massive bummer
it's actually made a difference
even though it is a bit pricy
well it's does not really cover up laugh lines
it's a great product in my arsenal.
it's great for perfecting skin.
i should've not overdone it with applying the sample packet all over my neck cause dang the price did scared me
and that's all that matters!
this stuff is straight up voodoo magic.
maybe it's all in my head
so needless to say, i still look fairly young.
it's not bad enough that i wouldn't repurchase
it's very new for me
it's really noticeable in photos, too.
yes it was temporary but that's a given.
gave it 4 stars cuz it is a bit pricey
yep not one line on my face.
it's always an insecurity of mine--and wow.
it's not a miracle cream that erases time
), so that's to be expected.
even without makeup it's sooo visibly
really it's not expensive considering what other creams
it is a little pricy
the fact it doesn't feel heavy/ greasy
probably good for younger folks....
doesn't feel too heavy
love the way it's leaves the skin feelin soft
let's just say i am in shock that for the first time my skin doesn't feel rough or tight
it doesn't quite cut it
that stuff flippin rocks.
my skin has been going through some weird hormonal stuff lately
it's pricey in my mind
i can say it's well worth it
there's nothing that compares to this!.
t was kinda heavy
did find it to be a bit pricey.
it's improved it a little.
where it's too hot
it's very lightweight with a wonderful feel.
smooth i couldn't believe it
it's that worth it.
it's totally worth it
i must say it's really amazing
it's a little pricy for me
it's a staple in my facial routine.
i figured this problem can't be corrected with cheap products
it's so silky and you don't need much of it!!
it's absolutely worth it
yet is not greasy
it's so worth it!
i needed something will a bit more oomph to it
the foaming thing is kind of weird.
i can't wait for my flawless skin to return
this has amped up my results x 1000
i mean, they're not quite gone but almost!
the flawlessness doesn't last all day
all i can say is that it's amazing
plus it's fun to apply
so that's always a plus
i know it seems pricey
it's absolutely worth it
it's definitely worth it
so worth the $47 price tag bc a little bit goes a very long way
it's kinda pricey but it works absolutely great!
my skin doesn't look so tired
i do love that it's in squeeze tube so that it doesn't dry out like the glam glow
it is a bit pricey
the valmont is way too expensive at about $160cad
this is still not as cheap as my korean masks
it's not really runny
this is sooo much better.
it's gentle enough to use everyday
of course we're all different
so the price isn't actually that bad
this stuff is gentle yet super effective.
don't like harsh products
that isn't super oily so this is perfect
it's expensive but i think it's worth it.
maybe that's why i'm not experiencing dryout like some reviewers
it's just a little too harsh for me
it's just not for me though.
it's like the perfect duo
it's pretty pricey but i probably would re-buy.
you only need a pea size amount to clean your whole face which is great because it ain't cheap
a little goes a loooong way
sometimes it's too much
let's say when i don't
i don't regret buying this product, it's great.
a lil goes a very long way!
it always makes me sneeze
otherwise, it's a great product.
okay, let's just start of saying wow!
it is a little pricey
other than that it's fabulous
i stay matte all dang day.
t doesn't get stale
as it is a little on the spendy side
it's all definitely not as bad as it used to be
expensive but i find it's worth it
it doesn't stop breakouts completely
it's the kind of scent to make you forget about life's stresses
it legit feels like a mini facial at home.
maybe it's not right
not too rude to my skin
t lasts a very long time too
it's amazing at controlling oil
love this product except for it's price.
it's quite pricey but it is definitely worth it!
t isn't a big deal
a little goes a long way because it's super foamy
the only thing is it is very sudsy.
it's really nice because it doesn't dry your skin out
yes, the product is expensive.
this stuff works fabulously
soon realized that it's just viscocity issue
it's nice to have fresh looking skin.
it's easy to go overboard
i think it's awesome for my 40+ skin
the only downside is that it is a tad bit expensive
the formula is soooo soft
it's all i need
which can be annoying
it's not heavy at all
it is absolutely divine
it's really light weight
it's a tad on the heavier side
it is very pricey
don't be scared because it's worth the moisture
even though it is pretty pricy
since using it my skin feels so freaking smooth!
my skin is looking soooo healthy
it's surprisingly light on your face
hasn't made it feel greasy
you might need a bit more oomph than this one delivers
dinging it one star because it definitely leaves a sheen -- it's too much for day
simple premise, yet feels like a luxury product.
plus it just feels so luxurious!
won't absorb because it's a mask so
it's been amazing for me soft
this mask is awesomely packed with ahas
this mask was soooo soothing
it's a nice subtle one
everything looks soooo much nicer
it's pricy, i know, but it's worth every penny.
i considered taking a star off because it's pricey for the amount you get
i took one star off because it's pretty sticky.
this mask definitely does it's job.
it's great to reset my skin
i got this as a point perk
otherwise it's just wonderful.
'm really picky when it comes to masks
i generally don't write reviews very often
it's really excellent though.
it's even better than the kate somerville one imo
however, it's worth it.
it makes my skin soooo incredibly smooth.
it's the perfect formula where it's not overly moisturizing leaving your face feeling greasy
only downside is it's a little pricey
it never feels like it's dried me out
it doesn't get super sudsy
it's good for oily skin
i am pretty lazy when it comes to having different products
now idk if it minimizes pours cuz i have tiny pours anyways soooo i can't really talk about that claim
it's so fun to mix it together
box and it's absolutely amazing!
it's not like some masks i have tried.
box and so far i think it's amazing!
it is not a dealbreaker for me
it doesn't get tight
this stuff is gold!
it's hard for me to like a face mask
i couldn't justify spending over $80 on a mask
i tried it and it's great.
this one isn't overly drying
seriously it's lasted sooo long
my skin didn't have a bad reaction to this
it's an awesome mask
it's cost effective too
i see people saying this is pricy
that's not true at all
though it seems a little pricey at first
it's not too distracting to take away from the high quality product
it's not too bad
it also smells a little funny but that's ok!
skincare isn't supposed to smell good it's just supposed to work
i hate that i love this because it's soooooo expensive
not marshmallow 18 year old cheap stuff
i think lancer doesn't realize that their comical markups are costing them because i don't think i'm alone in removing this from my cart because of the cost
maybe one day when i've gone completely insane
although, this is quite expensive, it's worth it.
this stuff is pricy
it's the only product i've found that gives me that dewy
it's way too expensive for the type of product it is
it's definitely not inexpensive
one star off only because it's expensive.
this product diffidently does it's job.
my skin is sooo much better!
truly a great product yes it is pricey
it's less offensive to me than the luna oil was at first
i wish this wasn't so expensive
but i think it's worth it.
it's the best combo
it's great for all skin types!!!
they're often so expensive
it is a tad steep
it's a new favorite just don't freak out when you breakout for a bit
couldn't resist the beautiful skin the ads promised
my skin looks bloody awesome
it's nice for a no makeup day
this stuff is incredibly lightweight
just don't overdo it
glowy as it was when i was 9
i got this as a 100 point perk
but think it's a great product.
i love this stuff i can't wait to buy the full version
since it is pretty liquidy that's all you really need for the face
but darn it, it works.
tl; dr: it's great and surprisingly economical.
i guess my skin like expansive stuff
that's what i started using
i feel like it's a little less oily lately
not even kidding my skin looks freaking amazing
it's been a hydrating godsend with this crazy weather we've been having here
the packaging it comes in with stickers is super cute
however, it's not bad.
omg this is amazing!
some mentioned here that it's think like vaseline
it's a little much for the face as it feels a little filmy
like i have really crazy oily skin
i love that it is quite sanitary
when you look trashy
i don't have excessive oil production anymore
it's great to use in lieu of the face gloss since it isn't as heavy
it's great under the eyes
as ironic as it sounds
my biggest complaint is that it's pricey
i love the smell, it's perfect for the ams.
the only bad thing is sometimes it takes a while to get the rollerball to distri
it's too thick this one feels better
it's nice to have one with a roller ball!
i now use the stuff religiously
but a little goes a loooong way!
that's okay with me
can't speak about the rollerball
except it's very expensive for the amount that you get
it's not worth it
as a hair product it wasn't that great
for everything else it's pure love
the midwest weather doesn't help
wasn't sure i'd like this product
it doesn't run all over considering it's an oil
honestly it's all good
the strange thing is that i don't find it very oily
thought it might be sort of gimmicky
it's a little on the pricier side
the packaging was cute
not greasy bad, but athletic sports glow great!
i don't need fancy packaging.
it's so much more
it does stay kinda greasy
it's not heavy at all
it's very fun to use
airplanes etc etc--it's always with me
the stick is awesome because im lazy
it's lightweight when you apply it
overall it's a nice product
i hope it's because of the ingredients.
it's a cool thing to try
this is a cool product.
my inner product junky just says that it's something fun to have
it's so lightweight i love putting it on.
it's not greasy and it's very light.
it's an oil in stick form.. genius!
it's not super greasy yet it doesn't disappear.
it doesn't cause my mascara to get weird or melty
it's very easy to use.
this cute little twist up has done wonders for my makeup routine
i just can't rave enough about this thing.
it's insanely hot right now
it's actually been surprisingly h
i probably wouldn't actually purchase this because it's a bit overpriced for what it is
there's an instant burst of coolness
i feel like it's going to last a while
it is soooooo versatile
it feels sooooo good on my skin.
makes it look less tired
initially i didn't like it because it's not all that blendable with your h
it's a little bit tacky
it's like a refresher for your skin.
however if you're a makeup junkie
who doesn't crave cool refreshement?
it's great under eyes
i love that it's water based
i don't burn easy
do i think it's a necessity
the way it feels is soooo refreshing
it's also just a nice way to wake me up.
this is just fancier :
sooo good, just buy it already!
i think it's one of milks best
it is not sticky or tacky in my opinion
it's very cooling and refreshing.
it's definitely not a necessity though
it's really satisfying to twist the cap off the stick
mediocre product that doesn't live up to its st
my first thoughts were that it seemed gimmicky
it's clear so there's no noticeable colour streaks
it's an instant pick me up!
this is really great when it's hot.
it's just really refreshing.
it's amazing for underneath your eyes
it's works wonders against my super dry skin
liked the non-greasy
did i also mention it's a great makeup base too?!
it is just so lightweight
especially if it's a hyped-up product
it's seriously some good stuff.
it's not a frilly product
not shiny" for far too long
and it's way less shiny!
plus it isn't super harsh
i don't wake up shiny- all 3 miracles
it's especially perfect in the summer
since it doesn't have spf
it's easy to say skin type
it's greatsmells good, like coconut?
i like it but just isn't enough for my skin.
it may be pricey, but it's totally worth it!
it's so very lightweight
i already feel like it's working
the only con though is that it makes my nose look really shiny
i also swear i'm a tad more "glowy", too.
it's very pretty for me
i don't mean this to sound like an infomercial
it's working for me so far
it's still my favorite
it's gentle on your face
when i'm too lazy or it's too hot to layer my fancier creams on
i think origins product are really non-irritating
i couldn't get over the nagging feeling to buy this
nothing gimmicky about that!
f you're like me
i know it's a mask primer
of course it's not necessary
it made the mask sooo much better
can't be completely sure that it's amazing yet
so, yes, it's gimmicky.
it's a gimmick in my opinion
this seems a bit gimmicky to start
it's easier to apply mask
it's a staple in my beauty routine.
even if it's just packaging
the only saving grace is that it isn't too heavy
it is just so expensive
comes in cute packaging
price point isn't bad
i like that it's not super thick.
the emollient-ness had me using quite alot to get a good slip
i've had a hard time finding an oil cleanser that i actually love rather just feeling meh about
even though it's a little pricey for jobless high school kids
which isn't really foam to start
the new version isn't quite as thick
this product does give you somewhat of a squeaky finish
it's not a scrub, so it's not super harsh.
that's more than enough for it to do it's job
it's not completely clear
it's definitely a different feel
it's my absolute favorite
sorta lets you know when it's ready to be rinsed off
it's an underground doozie
it's a bit drying at first
it's kind of expensive for jobless high school kids
this product is no gimmick!
it's a must have...game changer!
shows it's flat surface which is kind of funny
it's so easy to apply.
it's not only online
it doesn't break me out and super effective!
this moisturizer doesn't get as much hype as other br
it's one of the best
i don't have crazy dry skin
it's hasn't caused me to break out
it's rare that i break out
i do recommend it bc it's soooo indulgent
it's like you're getting spa treatment.
i mean ridiculously dry skin
since my original moisterizer wasnt working anymore with the harsh nyc weather
for standard dry skin, it's probably fine!
i didn't feel as though i looked oily
it's a perfect combo for my dry skin
it's not too greasy
it is spendy but it's so pretty!
it's an obvious good result!!
it's not heavy or greasy it's just perfect consistency
it's expensive but it's a winter must.
it's completely worth it
this stuff is kind of pricy so don't over do it- it isn't necessary
it's still an all around
for me it's a plus
it's the perfect skin care product.
it is pricier but a little goes a long way!
couldn't get rid of my dull
that's literally all the validation i needed
it hasn't completely fade but it's improving.
and it's not an insanely high price.
it may seem a little pricey
it's just a little jarring every time i open the bottle
it's going to last forever
makes me feel legit
btw, the smell is sooo good!
the packaging is maybe a little too sturdy
though to me i think it's my boscia bb cream
he's the oblivious type usually
it's amazing for my dry sensitive skyn
it's really not all that bad anyway
i am a huge sucker for packaging
this product is pricy enough that i don't want it leaking all over my makeup bag
yet lightweight because it's oil free
super lightweight perfect for hot summer days
i love how it's not too heavy
it's very light weight
i do feel it's worth it
it is refreshing and not too heavy.
offers some moisture but isn't overkill.
it's not too heavy
maybe it's just in my head
everything everyone's saying is true
truly changed my life, as cliche as it sounds.
mostly the ridiculously expensive high end ones
the best part is that's it's lightweight
wasn't really into it
it's actually so good as a primer?
this gets a lot of hype on youtube!!
it is tacky but i can look past that.
it's still feels incredibly light-weight
i think it somewhat lives up to the hype.
it feels tacky when you first put it on
i've seen this somewhat hyped on youtube
my face was a little tacky
alittle goes a long way
yes it does feel a little sticky
sometimes it's oily in the middle
it's my first time using tarte
it's not sticky at all.
it's one of my staples.
it's definitely one of my holy grails!
at first i thought it felt a little tacky
the people who say this isn't moisturizing enough are insane
it's just the best
it feels a bit tacky at first
f youre having super bad dry skin like i was i highly suggest this
it's also one of my go to's
it's honestly amazing and i have super dry skin.
it's perfect during breakouts because i find it absorbs really well
it is just so expensive
anyways my skin hasn't felt as soft since then
it isn't as smooth
yes i know it is pretty pricey for lotion.
it's made my skin look so much better
love this little gadget.
nope, not the case.
guess that's a good thing
it's definitely a fun tool for just massages as well
i don't give it 5 stars because it's not magic.
i actually was a bit of a skeptic about this product
realize it's not the eye cream
it's an awesome sensitive mix of oily
my skin got as bad as it's ever been
it isn't that much more expensive than the boscia cleansing oil
it's super gentle and gets rid of your make up.
so far it's lasting long too.
it isn't that bad
there's still some left
takes all the yuck off
hasn't broken me out, seems really gentle.
some negative comments are so ridiculously absurd
let's be smart to use
it's not as thick as the loccitane
it's a little more expensive than face creams i usually use
it isn't too heavy
the price might seem scary
it's not over powering at all but quite pleasant.
it is pretty expensive
so far i feel it's worth it
because it's not thick
really think it's good
the packaging is very fancy
so that's a plus for oilier skin like mine.
pretty sure that's not possible
it is pricy, but this product goes a long way.
it isn't overpowering so not a deal-breaker
partly because it's so expensive
the other part is my skin can't seem to h
yes yes i know they're $70 ish
you'll feel an instant depuff
it's my little indulgence in the morning
only downfall is its quite pricey
they're expensive but they are wonderful.
just a tip: since they're pricy use a single patch on one eye
it's great to use on days to pamper yourself
a little pricey, but this sure delivers.
that's not a concern for me
it's great and is super refreshing.
it's amazing the difference you see after 10 minutes
these are pretty darn amazing.
these make you look like a mermaid
they aren't a miracle though
it's an amazing booster to add to your routine
call me silly, call me obsessive, both are true.
sure they're a little pricy
let that rich b*tch 24k vibe kick through the door of your shady sleepless nights
i know it states it's an a
it's very lightweight, but works amazingly!
admittedly i don't look for much in an eye cream
i like that it's in a pump
had a little too much hype
this cream is sooo gentle
it isn't anything to make a fuss over
of course it freaks me out
it's just enough hydration and not overly greasy.
it's annoying that i have to press it ever so slightly to get the amount i need
i would say this is the perfect first eye cream for us millennials
i love that it's gel
i still look a smidge tired
it's better than nothing
it's so light weight
it's not perfect though
it's the best i have tried so far .
it's not on the cheap side
bouncy just like it claims
it is not a big deal- it's mostly cucumber-y
a bit gooey, but easy to apply.
it's very light/gentle
exactly like this mask...lol!
except it's just thicker
i don't usually post reviews
for goodness sakes it's amazing and i love it!
the smell is a tad too strong so that's why i gave this 4 out of 5
it's actually light on my skin
it's very pricey, but it works!
i figured it was lightweight
secret is it's all skin
i wasn't expecting much
this is pretty legit
i'd say it's not worth it if it's a splurge for you
it definitely is spendy
it's super easy to use
expensive but worth it for my lips!
it's pricey, but it is so worth it!
i only use it on my eyes since it's so expensive
oh my god, i love this cleansing balm so much.
it's not perfect or super incredibly amazing
it's pink so the color is honestly probably my favorite thing about it :
i got this as point perk
my skin looks soooo nice i don't even feel the need to wear foundation anymore
it's the best feeling
it's effective especially when i'm overnight.
i love that it's lightweight
it's not a huge jar
i wasn't really into it
not only it's good for face
it's like it actually gives more
it's a nice light foundation
i don't always use the bronze stuff in the cap
very pretty golden/sheer
not that i don't love my too faced hangover
it honestly isn't that bronze-y which works for me
it's far to greasy for my liking.
it's got such a nice sheer glow about it.
it's not as thick as a bb cream however.
it's not overly shimmery it's just the write amount of glow
didn't leave a tell-tale line at the jawline even though i don't blend the best
doesn't make me overly oily
it's more peachy than the online picture
the cap highlighter is a little pointless though.
let's just get this out of the way: the highlighter in the lid is useless
it's great for underneath other make up
it's a little too heavy for daily wear for me
quite pointless although i love the idea of it
it's a little too dewy on its own
it's not as great as this one
it's my favorite thing in my box
it's very easy to carry
my only complaint is that it's a little much when it's really hot
i look sooooo glows it's amazing
but it's way too expensive.
it's perfect for that.
which is super unflattering on me
only thing i don't like is the price is a little high
so the highlighter portion wasn't for me
i think it's a beautiful highlight for someone who prefers the cream version
that isn't really a problem
it's easy to use and lightweight.
there's a little goodie hidden in the cap
that to me is worth it's weight in gold
but it's actually awesome.
it looks kind of crazy
it seems a bit oily
as for the quality, it's a nice product.
as a primer it's awesome
i don't feel it's glittery at all
it's not sparkly or too bright it's just right
it's expensive, but worth every dime.
i can't even describe it.
it's not sparkly, it's more of a healthy glow.
if you like a healthy glow it's for you!
it isn't quite what i thought it was
i don't see any glitter
it's never too early to start good skin habits!
i don't feel like it's anything super special
it's not over powering
it is a bit pricey
it's like a little luxury spa moment when i use it each day
so refreshing, not sticky.
they're really good for your skin
it's so weightless it's amazing
it also does not have a greasy feeling so that's awesome
for some odd reason
i legit want a perfume of it!
it doesn't feel super heavy
it's going to be part of my skin care routine now
it's not at all overwhelming or chemical-ish
it's definitely worth a shot
i seem to have a nice
it's the perfect weight
which is a bit too heavy for me
it's not super thick
just wish it wasn't so pricey
dry with too much aha
made my t-zone sort of shiny
bc i have such dry skin it's helped so much
it's a little easier to work with
however, it's very heavy and sticky.
plus the packaging is just so darn cute!
it's gentle but do affective.
i just bought this cream but it's so bomb
i know it's pricey
that's a one-half ounce bottle you're looking at.
it's worth it in my opinion
you only need a tad
feel in love eminently
sorta oily everywhere else on my face
guess that's a good sign
i think it's too expensive for what it is.
this stuff feels soooo cooling
for you oily/combo gals
i kinda ignored it until this summer
i hate the price but it's so worth it!
i know de is a pricy line
if you're still iffy
he also loves the no frills packaging.
it's perfect if you want something lightweight
bonus because it's incredibly quick to absorb into my skin
the baby facial it wasn't as hyped
it's a quick uncomplicated routine
it's definitely grown on me
i do think it's good for the winter months
it's the perfect formula for oily skin types.
especially when combined with lala retro
my only issue is with the packaging: a lot of wasteful falderal
doesn't leave tacky film-goes on just fine under eye- gives a good shot of hydration
wasn't crazy about it
the hydration it delivers can't stay put on it's own
i mean let's start with the name drunk elephant
it's extremely light weight
that being said it's very pricey
its light but works very well, and isn't sticky.
it's awesome i have combo skin:)...
but for combo/oily, this is perfect!
there is a slight tacky feel once t's on
that tacky feeling isn't there
t can't be that bad
it's right there on my face
i believe is what it's called.
because apparently that's not enough
overall i'd say it's nice
it's the perfect fit for my oily skin.
once it's on your face
theres a lot of citrus ingredients which i don't mind at all
it's not over powering go me
it's a little expensive i feel
i found it to be too pricey
nothing seemed to suck those suckers outta there.
this mask is so refreshing.
thought i'd give this a whirl
i can't believe the negative reviews
it's almost like an eye mask.
that's because you've used too much product
that's what i found at least
it's not the product, it's about the application.
it's a shame that this product only had 3
ren is now going to be a staple in my beauty routine
it's more like an essence
it's been a savior for me this winter
it's refreshing on the skin
this may be just perfect on it's own
i feel so pampered after using this
i got this as a perk
i'll assume it's an essence?
i see a couple people saying it's too watery
reviews complain that it's runny
trust it's a part on my routine forever !
it's not mattifying per say
i probably overused it because i adore the scent!
it's expensive but a little bit goes a long way.
it's a must have item!
it's expensive... but so totally worth it!
it seems like i am less oily
i leave the cap un screwed
this stuff is insane.
it's really not that bad.
i don't think it's really that strong at all.
don't get all the complaining about the scent bc it's very mild
maybe it's because i travel a lot
it's just very soft
it's a hallelujah for me when i use it after
i only wish it wasn't so pricey :/.
it's definitely worth testing out
it is a tad pricy
it's soft and has a more even tone.
i know the price sounds ridiculous
you're thinking 100 dollars is alot
it's actually very pleasant
yes it's a bit pricey but i fell in love with it.
i think it's light
if this gets discontinued i'll cry.
it's soo worth it
i know it sounds too good to be true
it's always better to pat on product
the price is a downer
so that's not a big issue for me
a drop or two goes a loooong way too
so obsessed with it.
thankfully, it's the total package.
applies sooo much smoother
2-3 drops max okay peeps.
this is sooo worth it.
tone it's very dry
i am a junky and i am sensitive to most things!
it's expensive, but i worth it!
definitely worth the splurge guys
now the actual product yes, yes, and yes!
sometimes i feel lazy
that'll make it perfect.
it's often hard to press
i don't think it's necessarily an offensive smell
but... here's the catch.
so that is pretty annoying.
no reaction or breakouts on my finicky
it's a nice gel that turns into a balmy oil
it's been a stressful time
but overall it's pretty good so far.
i feel like it's allot in the bottle
it's serisouly the most amazing product.
so that's a bit annoying
it certainly isn't a miracle eye cream
be careful once you twist up the liner you can't twist back
it's still going strong
it's not unbearable/fake/heavy sented
i know it's pretty expensive
wish it wasn't so expensive :/
the only con is that it's a bit pricy
if it's doing what it's suppose to
oh, and a little goes a long way!
it's a little light for winter use
that's not a problem for you then get it hahah
i don't like the packaging though.
but it's worth it.
it's completely worth it
n love with tidal i don't want to mess up a near perfect thing
$65 for me is wayyy too much.
i admit it is a little expensive
de is a tad stronger i think.
it far surpasses oh sheer transformation
it is a bit of a heavier cream to me anyways
my skin cleared up soooo well
it's not too heavy for my normal skin
(a little bit goes a long way btw!
i wish it weren't as expensive
omg this is amazing.
it is soooo expensive but so worth it.
that's the only downside i can think of.
this is a pricey one, that's for sure.
thank goodness--makes a pricey product last longer
i really liked it, it's just very pricey.
i know it's pricey
if you're kind of leaning towards purchasing this
it's hard to see results
meaning it's not a heavy dense cream.
maybe light is a better word
love this stuff and yes its a small fortune
my skin just wasn't the same.
i got this as a 100 point perk
which is so bad
because i just couldn't take the constant breakouts
so far it's great
giving it 4 stars because i feel it's a bit expensive
it's not the worst
this one doesn't dissapoint.
i feel like i have baby soft skin compared to my mediocre 22 yo skin covered in peach fuzz haha doesn't really have a smell
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
it's usually under control
isn't sticky or heavy
while it isn't a miracle
it is so easy to overdo it
gross when it's hot
the concept of the product is so dope
my skin isn't too terribly dry
it's lasted me quite a while
doesn't leave a greasy film
it doesn't feel heavy
it's is cheaper than the tacha water cream
it's the only thing that's throwing me off
otherwise it's a good product
it's perfect for the day time
it's good while it lasts!
i can't even describe how awesome this stuff is.
didn't feel heavy at all
i received this too as a point perk
the formula is pretty starchy
there's no flakiness to my face when i use this
there's tons when i don't
on it's own it is great
omg idk if it's just the luck of the draw
nothing too wow wow
the name really is apropos
now he's hooked too
it's not irritating at all either like a cream.
it's gentle and doesn't make you feel oily.
true to it's name, feels like water.
love that it's so light weight
in the winter it is downright parched
right now i can't use it on it's own
i think it'd be better used when it isn't so cold
i'd say it's a great moisturizer for anybody who's kinda in the middle of the dry-oily spectrum
it's not enough for me
it most definitely doesn't
i've found that it's refreshing in the morning
that's why i didn't give it 5 stars
it's supposed to be just one of a h
he's offering it today only
first it doesn't last like it's a full 1.7oz.
not this one i would even go to say that it completely blurred my acne it is pricy
so product isn't wasted
maybe it's the fact i've been using retinols
the compliments just don't stop!
it's really easy to use.
so let's cut to the chase:1
the $150 price tag really isn't that much
i think it's a great product
not so, it's just the opposite.
the only drawback is that there's no spf in this product
because somehow i imagined the results to be greasy
one tiny drop goes a looong way
it's a great product to have
the bottle makes it so that you don't overuse it
it's almost like it's brought a bit of youth back to my skin
it's not really as expensive as it seems
frankly hadn't even considered a facial oil
feels really luxurious which is why it's worth the splurge
the word 'oil' just sounds like a breakout waiting to happen
it surprisingly did not
it was a tad bit oily on my h
it last pretty long time tho
they seem to be too messy
can't say it is an awful product or a great product
it didn't feel greasy at all.
this stuff is pretty pricy
modern luxe look that i find very sophisticated
i can't stop raving about it!
it's easy to dispense just the right amount of product
i wish it wasn't so pricey
),-- and i'm breaking out less (yay!
while its oil it's not greasy
there's barely anything gone
it's a bit pricey for me
i am a sucker for a new beauty product
you don't get to vib rouge for nothing lol
was hesitant to pull the trigger because it isn't cheap
that is a shocker because he is a typical man who doesn't notice haircuts
it is pricey especially for a 1
don't think it is at all overpowering
it isn't sticky and it doesn't take much either.
it was too expensive
i look "dewey" not greasy
it's very light weight
it weirdly stings a little bit.
it's also expensive for a sleeping pack :(
i know it sounds weird
this is a lightweight moisturizer -- so other reviews complaining that it didn't do enough are puzzling to me
looking like you've just lost the prize fight is not a flattering look
didn't have as good of luck
can't even see it's on the skin honestly
for me it is so convenient because it's in stick form
it's a great refresher throughout the day
it's light so that it doesn't feel heavy.
i like how it's cooling
in general, it's great.
not tacky at all.
de-puffing lol and that's what you get.
it's like heaven in a tube and i love it!
its a chap stick or lipstick style which is perfect except that its too 'fat' or wide
it's really soothing and great under make up too.
it's become a really nice part of my morning ritual
it's different than an eye cream since it's a transparent balm
so far, it's looking good.
not sticky- not tacky- not heavy.
it's not sticky or tacky or heavy feeling at all
it is quite expensive
it is a little expensive but i love the product
didn't look so dull
i hate that tacky gel feeling
so far it's a great product
there is no texture and it's super easy to use.
this one is my favorite since it's neither too watery or tacky
however, i do think it's a little harsh.
i wasn't sure it was this
bc that's all you really need
it's just the perfect amount
it's really affordable and it works.
haven't used it for too long.
very refreshingly clean after a quick suds with this
i never thought i'd be a beauty bar kind of gal
the lather is nice too!
it's gentle enough to use on my face
it's just as great
great product even though it's a bit messy!
besides that it's incredibly messy
really makes me glow and no more breakouts too!
it's not crazy expensive.
since it's so pricy i only use it 2-3 times a week
i feel like this is suitable for cool toned folks since the product is pink
doesn't look too overdone
it's the goldilocks effect: just right.
i also don't feel like there is too much glitter
it's very long lasting
it is super glittery though
not chunky or anything
it's not super glow
for someone with acne as bad as mine that's a huge plus
it's definitely going to be a staple with my makeup routine
it's a great pick-me up for full
wish it wasn't so pricy tho:
i know it's pricey
it's also very thick
even though it's expensive, it's worth it!
i guess everyone's skin is different.
it's not oil free
i run a lot when the sun is at it's worst
i am very picky about ingredients.
it's as good as
i hate using primer because i've always felt it's pointless
and no, it's not that hard.
unique, cute idea that isn't that user friendly.
got this during the vib rouge sale since it's so pricy
loved i love that it's pre portioned this isn't the most expensive moisturizer i have ever bought
it's not too bad
f you think it's worth it
it's a little weird to work with
it's my new favorite product
doesn't leave me a glowy look
it's because this stuff somehow tightens
plus that tacky feeling actually helps when i apply my foundation
i don't like to use it as a primer
oh, the packaging is wonderful.
packaging is simple and cute!
it literally gets tacky on the skin
yes it is a bit sticky
it's so good but doesn't clog pores at all.
even better doesn't get flakey
it feels tacky when put on
it's definitely a little tacky
even though it isn't the easiest primer to apply
something that isn't too slick
it's a bit tacky so let it dry before putting on foundation
i like the idea of this primer
it goes on a little tacky at first
the tacky feeling isn't a big deal
it's too soon to give up using it
i myself am ridiculously oily
you won't be disappointed, it's truly magic!
it feels like you're wearing nothing
this stuff is so odd.
i wasn't expecting the tacky feel on the skin at first
it almost doesn't feel like a primer
usually i'm easily disappointed by overhyped products
i know it is kind of expensive
i still don't seem oily which is unheard of
i can't find other words to describe this lovely product
i don't feel like it's too much or too heavy
omg i can't even explain how amazing this product is
you just use a lil dime size
saves soooo much of your time as well.
it's worth it if you're splurging
it's not super fantastic or anything
he is a manly dude who refuses to use pricey skincare products
all of the gross stuff was shrinkinng
maybe that's only a problem for me
it's like witchcraft how awesome this product is
i don't mean bad
it's a hard pill to swallow
it's worth it and i'm in love.
i hate wasting product and this stuff is gold!
beacause of the hefty pridce tag
this leaves it soooo soft
it's not bad at all
it does sting a bit but it's bearable.
this is another go to favorite from blithe.
that's unheard of for me
estée lauder isn't really my jam
it's a teeny tiny pot
this is the real deal--it's a beautiful
how hot it's been
to say its pricey is an understatement
however while this is fun to try i'll never purchase it because it's so exorbitantly expensive
yes it is pricey
it's definitely super expensive
to me it's a sign that it's working
i know this is pricy for a little
it's truly amazing for a mask!
so far it's been great
now, i'm not crazy oily.
my laugh lines aren't noticeable.
you gotta blend this in with a primer.
it's gotten a lot better as i've grown up out of adolescence
that's a win for me
it's was like the shine never happened
this is just crazy!
it's not oily at all
yes, it's expensive, but it's a serum after all!
it's not to bad being 50 when your skin looks great
the spout is a little picky though.
couldn't stop saying "wow" i've been having dark circles for awhile
yes, it's a bit pricey!
plus it's air tight
don't get me wrong it's not a miracle worker
it doesn't hurt that it's less than $100
i guess it doesn't provide sun screen.
a quick fix for all that ails me.
i know it's pricey
doesn't feel too heavy
yet it's not heavy
it's really important for me to use a moisturizer that doesn't feel heavy
weird that it's being advertised as oil-free when shea
i don't like to feel oily !
i think it's a really nice blend
it's just slightly too heavy for me
price is high for a cream but hey it works
it's so easy to put on if you're in a rush
i quite like this as a night cream
not the yucky sticky greasy kind
it's the dreamy absorbed into your skin so that it's soft as a baby's bum kind
as i'm pretty self-conscious about that
it's not greasy at all
reminds me of lamer only for the texture
it's an essential to my nightly routine
prefer a richer cream for night drunk elephant never disappoints
the lala retro is more of a thick consistency when it comes out of the container
find that it isn't too greasy or thick
i am hesitant to give it 5 stars because it's so darn expensive
wtf are they putting in other products.
i wasn't crazy about the packaging/press pump at the beginning
totally obsessed with the lala whipped retro cream
it's so easy to apply unto my skin
i can't get enough of de!
love that it's natural
it doesn't feel greasy at all.
all in all, it's definitely worth the splurge.
although it looks plain
i don't really think it s pricy or anything
it's just too good but too pricey too.
first off i love the air tight pump packaging it's so nice
like that this simple
you can't go wrong with the cute packaging
i don't normally write reviews because i'm lazy
even though some people say it's light
i think it's thicker than everything else i've used
due to its thickness it's pretty hard to spread out on the skin that's why i took a star off
i wouldn't say it's great
it's not too greasy that my makeup won't adhere either
it's a really beautifully cream that's not too dense
it's exactly what my skins been missing.
is not too greasy
it was a little tacky at first
it's rich without being greasy.
i do think it's a bit overpriced
it's a really nice product
i am usually lazy to write a review.
i don't look tired anymore.
the eyes are the most fun part to really glam up
it's seriously the best.
it's a pretty expensive product, but i love it!
figured with all the "makes you look non-zombie" reviews
i'd by this stuff by the boatload
it's dare i say perfect?
yep i said it!
i don't sleep well
it's pretty much exactly as described
it's not over whelming
it's nice for now
that stuff was useless for me
i don't love the tight
it's definitely not super sheer
i don't think it's really much of a moisturizer personally
it's shimmery, but not too much.
f you're sensitive to fragrance this isn't for you
a great moisturizer that isn't greasy yet somehow
it'll be a sad day when my sample runs out
it's quite pearly when i first put it on
i don't feel like i "glow" all day
i must say, it's now one of my favorites.
that's my favorite part
it's perfect for my dry skin
i wouldn't call it mega-illuminating
i got this in the nude glow and it's awesome.
it's perfect for days when i don't want heavy makeup
i agree it's a bit much
wish it wasn't in a jar: it's messy
this weird liminal product is subtle enough
kind of strong if you're sensitive to that
not that i have problems with unicorn barf
it's just not professional
i look like i'm glowing, not sweaty or gross.
it's really easy to use to, you can't mess it up.
have no idea what it's like layered
usually it's pretty manageable
so this is obviously not everyone's cup of tea
it's pricey, but totally worth it, in my opinion.
don't love the glowy look
it's one of my favorite things about it.
i don't see it illuminating because it's too sheer
it's nice that this isn't heavy or greasy
as i think that it makes my skins look too shiny
i don't see it's blurring effects
primers are just too "glowy" for me
i noticed i wasn't nearly as oily as usual
it does have a very sweet c
it's even beautiful on its own
it seems like it is pretty pricey
it's not too heavy
it's not greasy or heavy.
i also love that it isn't super thick
it's almost like i have normal skin now.
it is sooooooo good!
it isn't greasy at all
for some odd reason
it's not overly thick or overly thin.
this face wash is sooo good.
smooth that it's ridiculous
can't rave enough about this facewash
i got it in my mouth so that wasn't good
and it's a great price as well :)
the black color makes it kinda fun
just beware because it's really black
love that it's not crazy expensive
it's not super abrasive like some of the exfoliaters out there
allergy tested products anyway -- so that's fine with me
it's a little rough for everyday use though.
the packaging is even pretty good because once it's almost empty
was a little spectacle because i hate changing my face routine
ok so love is an understatement for this product
flaky it honestly was just terrible
it's not overly expensive
it is quite annoying
the price isn't too bad either.
i usually can't use clinique scrubs because they're too harsh
it's worth all the time
it's gentle enough to use every day
it's not harsh or rough at all
i think it's pretty amazing
the new packaging is very cute
it does looks like it's thick
i am super oily and this product is a lifesaver.
you've got yourself a medium coverage
it's not good for oil control
this is a little different in that it's also a primer
i don't lose that lovely glow that the bb provides
it's my new favorite primer.
for everyday it's great
this says it's good for oily/combination skin
this didn't work for me" well duh
and as a primer, it's pretty good!
i know it's sort of insinuated with the "hydroblur"
it's just not at all
not overly greasy at all
it's similar to the murad invisiblur which i love
it's definitely not a solution for oiliness
it's more like a solution to excessively dry skin
it's perfect for the day
it's different, but not necessarily bad.
it's great for dry skin
mildly sticky but not unpleasant.
kinda tried it on a whim.
it's got this creamy as heck texture
it's by no means matte
it's still cold out.
and the wind still kickin.
it's a bonus as a primer too
as i feel that it's too heavy to wear under foundation
even better it's a 5 in 1 product!!!!
it's not even a joke
surprisingly does not feel goopy or heavy
he's not big on compliments at all so that's like telling a girl she looks like her most envied celebrity
it's a great night cream
not quite sticky-ness
didn't leave my skin feel tacky
it's a bit sticky on my face
i don't find it to be overpowering or masculine at all
it left my skin kinda
other than the passing 'oh that's pleasant
i don't know why reviewers say greasy ?
that's why i gave 4 stars
this is basically just like the new glam glow one
fab does it again!
although the packaging is definitely not as cute
nope not with this
i know this says it's for oily skin
i know it's very pricy
it wasn't an instant fix
i know that sounds so gimmicky
can't believe it's not raved more by beauty gurus or makeup artists that i watch
it's not sticky at all
just because it's more light weight
tho it is not as subtle
lookin better then ever
it's okay for it to feel a bit sticky at first.
this is not sticky imo.
it's not sticky st all for me
i'd say that's worth it
the gold also made me feel super spoiled
don't get me wrong, it's a very nice product.
it's great for people who aren't prone to breaking out
bottle feels big but it's not really.
isn't too heavy for my oily t-zone
it's too rich for the day for me
leave me a bit tacky
it's especially perfect for summer time usage.
sooooo worth the money.
i think it's the gold that's in it that makes my face seem like a greasy disco ball
it's quick, easy, & effective.
it's coarse and gritty, but in a good way!
it's definitely not the size of my last one
it's very clean compared to putting something messy on your h
it is a bit expensive
it feels harsh when it's going on
it's great to travel with
it's still going strong
i love how it's a wash
it's easy to travel with
ful of times so far
it's not too rough
it certainly doesn't irritates the skin.
it's not too harsh
it's not too harsh
it's the right consistency
it's a bit expensive for a stick
it might be gimmicky
it's super fun to apply
it's a very fine grit
i love that it's in a stick
i must say although it's tiny i used to
i didn't feel many beads wasn't harsh at all
it's very convenient and easy to use.
it's not overly gritty
it's so simple to use
it's like a glue stick it's easy to put on
it's perfect for travel and it's so easy to use.
the stick is fun to use
it's not even gritty enough to scrub at all
works great and is in a cute sample stick.
it was super easy to use
i love that it's super easy to use
it's basically a face mask stick and i love it!
it's perfect for prepping!
it works soooo good.
it's extremely easy to use
the packaging is also super cute too.
it isn't too harsh on the skin
it's great for at home
it's a great exfoliater for at home
you know it's good when someone who is weary of a br
it doesn't really lather much.
what i love about this product is that it's gentle enough to use a few times a week
so convenient and easy to use.. no messes :):)
it isn't too harsh and it works well.
the stick is super easy to use
it's not too rough or abrasive
the sample is really cute
admittedly i was a little sceptical
let's not forget acne prone
it's just slightly drying
it's actually very little product for the price
which isn't very big for the cost
it's quick easy to use
it's not too harsh or too soft
this stuff is black
it's just that simple.
what's the big deal my goodness
this seems like it won't
to peel off the mask it's totally worth it
the mask itself looks super cool because it's all bronze-y
the colour was just so darn pretty
it's gross but so awesome!
it's a shame because this is a really nice product
it's a good kind of pain lol
yes it's definitely strong at first
peeling it off was super fun
"oh it doesn't seem bad at all"
it makes me cry a bit
makes me cough a ton
my only gripe is that it's not quite hydrating enough for the winter
version in case it's too heavy
isn't bothering my reactive skin
in fact it's a pretty good primer
it's lightweight and not greasy.
i almost didn't want to like this cream because it's pretty pricey
it's very gentle for me though
it feels so soothing when it's applied
it's a great value for a huge bottle!
btw half a pump makes it last longer if you're running out fast
i feel like it's been a big help to my pores
plus a little goes a long way since it's a foaming pump
it's so so gentle
i don't mind because it's gentle
it's meant to be followed with essence
it's slightly drying for me.
but yeah it's great!
i love this none irritating cause i have very stupid sensitive skin
and affordable it's a win win
i like to use it in the morning because it's so refreshing
i think it's perfect for those with oily
it's pretty cool that the product has literal tea leaves in the bottle
what's in this stuff?
i think it's the green tea
i can say it's great on sensitive skin
it's so great that sephora is carrying more
it's a beautiful mask that didn't irritate my skin
it's a nice treat to pamper yourself for sure!
i love that it is easy to clean off
so for that it's good so deserves 5*
it doesn't have a tight
you'll love this mask
it's not off-putting, but not the most pleasant.
it's like angering a beast
they are a bit pricey
this mask is quick and not super messy.
it's definitely become a part of my daily routine
it's even great for my pre-teen daughter's face!
it's gentle enough to use every other day
my skin feels insane after using this.
packaging is super super cute on my shower shelf
this isn't some sort of holy grail product for me
it's been embarrassing cause i broke out like crazy lately
it's great for oily skin
this stuff gives you a clean break from that vicious cycle i'm freeeee yay
1 staple beauty product there is nothing better i bet my life on it
it's definitely more for oilyskinned people
because i thought "meh
it's not heavy at all
it's my new go-to
maybe that's because i wasn't using a moisturizer on top of it
it's just not my favorite
i know that sounds weird
the only thing is that it's pretty pricey as the bottle is only half-full
frankly i do think it's worth it
i do think it is a bit thin
that's just how it's packaged
honestly the texture is a little weird
the packaging is cute
it was way too tacky
it's actually really nice
it's definitely great for fall/winter since that's when my skin is its driest
the bottle is super cute
it's pricey but lasts quite a long time.
that's my only con (the price).
it is a tad expensive but sooo worth it.
this stuff is pure magic.
it's not horrendous either
it's not too heavy
not only is my makeup completly gone
it's not too oily
glowy yet not greasy
my face is the most soft it's ever been.
it's not like lip plumping
it has been dull lately so thats why i decided to try this
tones it waaay down
my skin's been really dull
great for the day esp winter!!
it's a little bit light for the winter
it's not sticky or anything
my skin seems to love it even more now that it's cold out
i just used a bit.
i don't personally find it tacky at all.
box and i like it.
got in my play box and it's really good!
it's a really light formula
the fact that it's such a lightweight formula
it's well worth it
the hype around it
it can't be seen.
it isn't sticky or hard to blend.
4 stars bc it is a little pricey.
i get shiny pretty quickly
with the spf that's already in it
i always get a shiny t-zone
it's really hard to gage how awesome this product is since it's humid in hawaii right now
i am normally too much of a snob to buy sephora br
it feels like you're wearing nothing
i love that it's mattifying
wouldn't make me shiny
it's not terribly noticeable
the oiliest you've probably ever seen.
it's only just about to run out
it feels like it's cleansing deeply
this isn't sensitive enough for me
i don't notice much of a glow really.
anyway, it's so beautiful under makeup.
it's lightweight on my skin
i think is way too expensive
i got this as a point perk and omg!
it is hands down god awful.
got ufo as a 100 point perk
there's no turning back
it's never gone away
make me more oily it's just good
it really is worth the hype.
that's the only reason for 4 stars
i think it's totally worth trying this out
my skin is soooo much better
to which i would always scoff.
say it's stopped my breakouts altogether or that my skin is now perfect because that's not the case
it's been okay for spot treatment
i know it's gross
it's not the end of the world.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it's like a miracle in a jar
the price makes me cry
i think it's a great combo
i wish it weren't so pricey
the breakouts i do get aren't as bad
plain oils weren't quite enough to fix things
my skin still isn't perfect
it's definitely getting there
alas it is not
it was bizarre and terrible.
a little goes a long way so even tho i thought i was crazy paying $40 for
it was waaaaaay too much
it's an interesting product
it's very strong though
it's amazing for acne if you keep with it.
i think it's because i haven't used it long enough
it's a really gentle oil
is the best it's ever looked
it isn't unpleasant or overwhelming
i get pretty bad breakouts
omg my skin looks amazing
mine wasn't that bad
it does its job so fabulously!
i honestly can't rave enough about this product
that it's doubtful to feel heavy
it's lasted a very long time
i would cry because it was so awful!
i know it's expensive
yes it's a little smelly
why is it shiny?
won't look tacky left on your counter
it's a bit pricey but worth it.
too expensive for my liking
it's oh so soft
i wish it wasn't so pricey, though!
it is sooo sticky
because it's 62 friggin dollars that's why!
you can't even smile
i am combo/oily so that was fine for me
it's so expensive which is the only down side with this mask
i can't believe ppl are complaining about a mask being jelly-like
sometimes they have a weird consistency
which is awesome because it's quite pricey
it's a beautiful mask that only requires a thin amount
gets a little tacky as it sits
i also like that it's only a 10 minute mask.
i promise you it's worth it
it's really not that bad.
it's like someone crushed a bunch of oranges
wish it wasn't so pricey!!
it's expensive but i think it's worth it
as i don't think it's worth 80 bucks
it's a little weird when it's on your skin because of the chunks of fruit in it
i don't mind the chunky or stickiness at all
it's going to be chunky and slightly sticky.
it is kind of chunky
don't know if it's the tool or the cream
it is a little pricey
i wish it wasn't so pricey
that's the only reason i gave it 4 stars
giving it 4 stars because it is expensive.
it's a little bit rough
not magical eye cream/ cause that doesn't exist unfortunately lol
it's not make-up
that's the entire point
it's the bottle that's pink
it's what's inside that makes this a good cleanser
it is so fun to peel off
makes you look so cute when you wear it
i wasn't expecting much from this mask.
i don't think it's worth almost $40
it's not as pretty
it's a lot cheaper then other masks and worth it.
there's something amazing about it.
i feel it's worth the money!
find i can apply makeup over it's slightly tacky feel
it's kind of like an overnight mask for my eyes that way
it's straight up divine
this product is great not only because it's gentle yet effective
it foams up like crazy
it is a tad dry
which i find pleasant
it's the best ever
this doesn't clear up my skin entirely
a little goes a long way therefore sooooo worth the price
i can't believe how much of an impact it's made on my oily skin
i really feel like it sucks all the excess oil
there is a heat wave in nyc so maybe this is a contri
it's not stripping at all.
it's super convenient... great for in the shower.
it's really great when i travel since it's fairly compact
also love that it's cruelty free.
it's completely combo on certain days.
it's almost solid and a clear honey colour.
it's very sticky at first
the hydration effect doesn't wow me
oh so soft though
it's the perfect mix of masks
it really is a gorgeous product
the first time, it's super intense.
still, it's not comfortable.
it's worth it for the results it gives me
it is rather pricey
pity it's so expensive though!
this stuff is a miracle in a jar!
the little metal spatula that's included was a great idea
not too warm that it's uncomfortable
with this mask i couldn't resist
it's just as great
you'll wake up to incredibly soft
if it covers your face it's enough.
it works darn it
almost everything just irritates it
really just feels freak when you're applying it on
it still does it's job
it's very expensive in my opinion but it works!
that is absolutely brilliant btw.
it's warming and feels so good on my skin.
i adore this mask and it's worth every penny.
i realize it is a bit pricy but is 100% worth it.
i suggest buying an inexpensive pillow case as it is a little gooey
great little bonus imo
it's a very gentle wash
it wasn't as intense
oh my gosh the gunk that came out
it's also dry combo.
which i usually like
it's great after a long workout
i give it 4 stars because it is a bit pricey
it's a bit more expensive than my previous face soap
it's seriously helped clear up my skin
this stuff seems far more convenient to me
it's the best that i've put my h
the part that sucks is there's a lot of excess packaging that doesn't have any product in it
it's not terribly drying.
anything more looks tacky
am chronically super tired
that's all you need with a purrfect look
i don't think it's too glittery or bright.
that's what it takes
it's not that great
for some reason i just feel like that means it isn't really "cleansing" like it's supposed to
i love this because it's gentle
so far it's been great.
it's actually very pleasant to me
it's a cool texture too.
it's basically magic in a tube.
it's done wonders for my dry
it's definitely worth the shot
it's great for dry skin
i don't find it overpowering
my skin can't get enough of flash hydroboost.
it's perfect for my combination skin
it leaves my face soooo soft
it worked very nicely it's a little greasy
it's very much worth the money
although it seems pricy
it's just all around wonderful
a little pricey for a bar
then it's my turn
it's a very good quality cleansing oil
i didn't feel like was scrubbing to get muy make up off
not a great first impression that the guy in the video pronounces "jojoba" wrong
it's so satisfying to see all the dirt
this one is soooo different
it feels soooo lightweight
wierd combination i know.
doesn't wimp out after a little while
the magnet removal thing has gotten kind of annoying
um, this is magical.
'm a sucker for face mask treatments
my bf is just as addicted so he's always one to try them too
however: i find it messy to use
it feels oh so smooth
so now it's useless
it's a plane, it's a toy, it's--super mark!
it's a very strong magnet.
it's so much fun to use
not gonna lie it's fun af to take off
i admit i was skeptical of the gimmicky idea of magnets on the face
just kind of a bummer when you consider the cost that the magnet is so easily breakable
i totally got sucked in to the gimmick of the magnet
she likes a gimmick too
i only wish it wasn't so expensive!
makes you feel like you have sooo much less makeup on
i believe it's worth it
doesn't have a "wow" effect after using
because i often feel too goopy
but i couldn't resist the magnet gimmick.
it is a bit tedious using the small magnet to take it off
why yes it is expensive
very little mess, very fun!
the mask was super fun too.
super fun mask to take off.
i wish it were a tad less expensive
my biggest complaint is "that's esssspensive stuff"
in the winter it's pretty bad
i don't think it's anti aging at all
magnet is pretty cool
it's definitely worth it in my opinion.
it's not at all
as other reviewers have mentioned it is alittle messy
it's actually one of the best masks i've ever used
but this is slightly cheaper, and way more fun!
it's the least messy mask i've used to date.
this product is so cool!
to be honest it's pretty mind blowing
it's a little greasier than what i usually use
this stuff is so cool the way it's removed with a magnet
it is a bit expensive
this mask is so cool!
is very cool to use
its actually really cool
it's actually mind blowing!!!
the way the product is removed is amazing with the super cute magnet
the concept to the mask is pretty cool.
the price scares you
application is a little messy
you're going to look like a melting smurf for a few minutes
mixing and applying is fun too.
yes it is pricey
it makes it feel a bit more extravagant for that of a cleanser
as long as there's no alcohol
i am picky about ingredients
it's very gentle and effective.
it's been so so so good to me so far
it's not too crazy
thankfully no more annoying dry patches anymore
i don't think it's making me breakout.
so happy it's available at sephora.
i think it's a great product!
it does it's job
which is kind of annoying cause i'm getting ided bars
if your are dry, it's ok to use this.
that's usually how it goes with my skin
it makes my fave feel super clean
i also love that it's vegan because that's a must for me
i feel it's a bit drying
that's not bad for me cuz it dries out my acne
just bad air etc
it's full of tons of good stuff and no bad stuff.
it's a little pricy but i think it's fantastic.
feels a lot less tacky
it's perfect for summer because it's not too thick
it's even got this healthy glow to it
the most important thing is my face isn't that oily anymore
i will use only this for summer yay
now i find it refreshing
it's perfect for mornings
this cream is freaking amazing !!
i love the fact it's nice
this stuff is super gentle
i also love that it's more natural
which is obviously very unappealing
but besides that, it's a good product.
it's dry as can be
i break out incredibly easily
all in all, it's nice but nothing revolutionary.
however i have this a try and it's awesome!
it's still baby bottom smooth
it seems like this cream
since i live in florida where it's always disgustingly humid
how someone with insanely dry skin
it's simply the best.
luckily yttp takes care of one those thangs.
the only thing i don't like is that it's not 100% natural
it's not too heavy or greasy
if my skin isn't feeling so "tight" as i like it too
feel it's time for the review
it's just noticeably better
my gawd my skin feels as soft as a baby's bottom after i use this
there's a reason why this is always sold out
i've found okay stuffs that don't irritate me
i like the fact it is not greasy at all
i think it's a average product for young people
this stuff is no joke!
almost like you've finally achieved that unattainable
i hardly ever give 5 stars because i'm picky picky picky
it's definitely worth a shot
i love that it's made in cali too
i get some pretty bad breakouts
it's a tiny jar but a little goes a long way.
as i feel it's a little too dark for my skin
this stuff works shockingly well!!!
it's literally changing my life!
it's awesome, will buy
instead it's more of a foundation
oh my goodness, this stuff really is magic.
i wasn't expecting something with tint
it works for me because it's my skin tone
worth it i guess
couldn't take the tall price tag
i can even wear blush now!!
don't use too much, though, or it'll cake up
i don't mind that it's in a tub
it's just been crazy for years
despite that it's a very good product
it's evens out my skin
a little goes a loooong way.
a pretty freakin good one
i find it as a good coverup
stays put but isn't heavy.
it give a great finish that's not too heavy
you're out of luck if you're too dark or too fair
i can't imagine it working for every skin tone especially on the fair spectrum
it's almost too dark for me
i think it's ok
that's all that's needed
i said oh no that's way too dark for me
it does seem very pricey for such a small container
it's just something you'll notice
you know like a bag of chips that's 50% air.
i don't look like i'm wearing foundation
it's not expensive and it looks natural.
i find that on my skin tone once it's on
it's not heavy at all.
for those who say it's too dark
it's almost completely covered
it's purpose is not to hide your bumps
this solves the very thing i hate about cleansers- no tight
there aren't a lot of product anyway
ts easy enough to dig into
i know it sounds cheesy
to me it is a tad on the pricey side
it is a little pricey
it's very gentle and doesn't break me out.
otherwise it's a good product
i wear quite a bit
just because its super fast
it does what it's indended to do: blur your skin
it's a little runnier than a normal primer.
i really like this primer
isn't greasy or tacky whatsoever
i've tried them all from low end to the ridiculously expensive
bc i probably wouldn't of gotten it
it's too bad it doesn't work for these other ladies
i can't really wear too much makeup as it's considered unprofessional in my line of work
which i find pleasant
since it's a little thicker
doesn't feel heavy at all
i like seeing it out on my vanity
it's like a time machine for your face.
i know it is a bit pricey
seems like it'll last me for a while
it is not too heavy
you say you'll cure my dark circles
that sounds somewhat misleading
the reviews from it cosmetics looked too alluring for me to ignore
little better than meh.
it's a really really good
it's super bouncy is how i want to describe it
thought well if that's good
which i can say hallelujah
it's a pretty thick cream
it does feel like you have something on your face bc it's pretty thick
it's a pricey but definitely worth it.
even though it's pricey
i think it's worth the money
it isn't overly expensive
it's a thick cream that doesn't feel thick
i can't believe it's just disappeared
it's not greasy or heavy at all
that's the key word.
it's kinda pricy to me
it is a little pricey at $48
it's too great not to leave one
it's not greasy and i just love it on my skin!
i still am amazed that it feels supple instead of it's usually dry flakiness
it's a bit pricey but worth it.
and it looks soooo good under makeup!
it isn't overwhelming to me
the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because it's a bit pricey
lately i had been feeling like my moisturizer wasn't doing it's job
it's definitely a good cream for overnight.
it's not very lightweight
but those annoying lines???!!
i am curios to see how it's going to do in the summer with the hot weather
i wish it made a version with spf too
pro mua it's all about what works
which it what it's labeled as
i love that it's a sensitive cream
it's not a miracle cream
idk if it's from the cream or other things
oh, and a little goes a long way.
it is a bit tacky like other reviewers have said
have tried sooo many products to help tone it down etc
it is super rich
it's on it's way
that's why i opted for this cream
it's perfect for nighttime
it's worth the hype
not greasy at all which is nice
only downside is it's a little pricey for how long it lasts
it's very thick and works great.
it's a bit too think for me to use all over my face
and now they're completely gone.
because it's expensive i personally wouldn't use it as a daily moisturizer
yes it is definitely expensive at $48
this stuff was a lifesaver.
it's a bit sticky when you apply it
the only drawbacks are that it's pretty expensive
while not irritating it
this cream comes in a tube which i fairly enjoy because it's easy to apply
this runs out waaaay too fast
it's the only thing to work for me
this has helped my "unfixable" minnesota dry skin
it's been pretty helpful
n love with this cream it's insane
it's awesome for sensitive
i think it's great
that's how it feels for me too
gave 4 stars because it's way too expensive!
it's just a little thicker i think
it doesn't seem like you're getting much coverage
it's thick but i love that.
basically my face is a mess
oily-ness is starting to tone down too
sorta wrote this off too
isn't the best coverage for when i know i'm going to drink red wine
this is the shiznit
i hardly know it's there
i could've used less
i am a full on drag glam makeup kind of gal
wow my skin looks gooood today
there's no denying that my skin looks good
it isn't thick and a little goes a long way.
yes, it's expensive but you only need a little.
i am usually too lazy to write products
i feel like it's very drying.
i do feel that it's more for skin that's more pale
it is pretty thick
maybe one more shade but that's pushing it.
it's really like a cc cream with out that super glowy look
it's not full coverage
well it's just too amazing
you'd look ill i think-
this practical yet luxurious formula makes me feel chic
it's not a foundation so that's a plus for me
this stuff....is one of my absolute essentials.
i believe it's because of other factor
so my face is pretty much a wreck--i look like a clown
i especially love how it's packed with spf
it'll make you look very shiny
omg this stuff is the best
i got this as a 100 perk
as it's quite thick
everytime i have a mascara that won't budge
it's like an oil
i got this as a point perk.
it's super gentle on your eyes
i got this as a point perk
i usually break out and i'm not with this, yay!
it takes off my make up even when it's layered on
i love that it's dark grey, almost black.
it's very unique and fun to use.
it's so easy to use
this is not bad, and slightly cheaper.
it's way easier than my typical routine
that's the only downside to me.
it's not called a skin care routine for nothing
it's so easy to use effectively
it's not greasy at all
too much works, huh?
this concept since it's not a tradition mask
this mask is so simple it's ridiculous.
it's much easier to spread
i wasn't expecting much
now it's one and done!
although it isn't for everyone
gave it a 4 because it's a little pricey
this is pricey for me
maybe not as it's not heavy
it's a nice hydrator especially in the winter.
huge skeptic- i'm never satisfied with moisturizers- got a sample of this- thought it was gimmicky
it's like my skin is back to normal .
i don't use it as a "splash mask"
that's all i needed
i don't mind the smell it's actually quite nice
it has that classic
it's the opposite of greasy
what sheer transformation by ole henriksen does to my skin
except that this feels 3x heavier
even though it's pricy
this stuff makes my skin sooooo soft
i gotta say this is an excellent soft cream
i gave 4 stars because i think the pice is salty.
it's my go to cream this winter!
it's very light yet extremely nourishing
there's no oiliness at all
i think it's fantastic and refreshing.
it's not too greasy
it's not strong at all
it's an amazing combination
it's non-greasy which is great as well.
it isn't too heavy
the little scoop and packaging is cute too!
there's no fragrance, so you get the real deal.
as it's a bit too heavy for my skin
when i wake up- it's like a whole new me
i guess it's not for everyone
it's so weird that it just came to me by chance.
it's funny how life works out.
i love that it's non toxic and all natural.
it's the perfect base
sadly this is something that's out of my price range so unless this lil guy goes on sail he'll always be a memory to me
it's really worth trying.
especially if it's natural
it is so lightweight and refreshing.
it's been an easy go to
the only thing that keeps it away it's benezoyl peroxide which is soooo drying
it's not heavy at all
by itself it's ok
i think it's because of this lxmi balm because the rest of my routine is the same
first- the cute little w
i love that it's a single ingredient
i try to use super simple skincare because i get freaked out by ingredients i can't pronounce
they aren't my favorite because they make me feel greasy
it's amazing as a hair tamer
it is super rich
as it's a solid it doesn't need to go in a ziplock bag through tsa
so don't be discouraged that the bottle seems a bit small
it's very intensive for your skin
it moisterizes my eyes making them sooo incredibly smooth
i did find it likable
this stuff is a miracle in a tube
it's the best stuff out there.
it's not too thick or greasy which i love because stuff like that causes me to break out
my only con is that it's 60 dollars
is making my skin crazy
kind of reminds me of dr
i don't even have problematic skin
it just feels slimey
f you have oily skin this definitely isn't for you
even after you've felt like you've cleaned it all?
luckily i'm beauty savvy enough to pick up on this change
i don't blame the product
it is a bit pricey
it's sooo good for night.
i 100% thought that was just a "gimmick"
thought i would try belif's version because it's one of the new br
it's not news what happens to most bad reviews on here
it's a good mask that is reasonably priced
it's again very gentle
i felt like it was too pricy for my budget
especially my gosh darn mascara
i literally can't help it hahaha!!!
it's so easy to use
now it's sooooo smooth
the hype is real.
this stuff is so gentle
i wish tatcha wasn't so pricey
it's not bad....just not great or luxurious.
my face isn't left feeling like there's still an oil film on it
frankly a little *too* gentile for my particular needs
overall for the price i think it's great this br
it's not going to foam
it's not a miracle product
it'll be fine lol
the fact that it's organic only makes it better
it's prone to get flaky
most people commenting are saying that "it gives a white cast" "it's so thick
yes it is thick
it's too thick for under make up
it's so long lasting
i think it's too thick to do that.
because pure is thick
its crazy thick too
it's ingredients are not bad either
although it's pretty thick
it does feel ver tacky
it's still not greasy
which really surprised me because it's a thick cream
oily or tacky at all
it does have a bit of a tacky feel upon application
it's a staple for me now!
it's too soon to tell if it's working on the anti-aging front
i think it's nice
it doesn't dull my skin.
but it's super gentle somehow.
it's my favorite part of my routine.
it's my new favorite!
the packaging is convienent and chic.
i don't think it's my favorite?
the bar did lather pretty well
it was definitely a little weird to use black bar soap
but overall it's a good product!
i also like the little container it's in.
it's perfect for the plane
the packaging is convienent and chic.
i also really love that it's black because it's unlike any other facial cleanser i've used
i think it's such a great product
i don't love the bar
i don't think i'll use it in the dry chicago winter
i feel like it's more fun
it's not in a flimsy box
in pain that's how bad it is
always like cute packagings
it's more like a gel
it's a very cute size cleansing set
at first i was skeptical of it's color
unfortunately i have bad skin that dosnt like to be pretty from good products
tldr: these sets would be a great intro to the br
kinda like a mask for about 2-3 minutes
it's not overly dried out
it isn't harsh on my face
it comes in that cute plastic tray you see there
i think it's awesome because if you've ever had a charcoal based bar soap you know that stuff gets everywhere
it's a good cleansing set either way.
it's just for prefect for combination
the erno laszlo double cleanse is such a fool prof cleansing system you won't skip it
it's very old school, but certainly effective.
i felt my face sting a bit but it's tolerable.
it is not irritating at all
i like it's deep clean effect.
i wouldn't say softer or tighter
surprisingly doesn't break me out
most times i fight that laziness
it's great for that!!
it's a nice luxurious treat
usually when i haven't heard of a product
it's given me a glow i love
it seemed to live up to the hype
it doesn't have a ridiculous later
i think they're clunky
my skin isn't so oily anymore
it wasn't too heavy
it's so worth it, it may be my new holy grail.
it's really nice concentrated products!
wow is it worth it
it's price tag was pretty decent
is not dull looking at all
it's perfect to store the bar
kinda like a generic bar soap.
the application was a little messy i guess.
the bar wasn't super soothing
packaging is super cute and continent.
as it's easy to over-pour
i think it's well worth the money
it's a very quick process
that's the secret to getting all that junk off your face
fortunately it's never been an issue for me
it's honestly an amazing product!
this was packaged so cute.
lemme tell you it's great
it's difficult to pour and not make a mess with.
it's definitely a different concept than i've used before
with this it's all gone
it's weird to be traveling around with a "bar
it's a pretty big hole
but it's a really great product.
my skin isn't so oily anymore
plus the packaging is super cute
it's also so gentle.
it's very light weight
it's definitely going to become a beauty staple for me
it's now much more soft
it's actually fun to use them together
love that it is comes in a cute travel case
even the packaging is adorable
it's not greasy at all!
think it's an effective mask
it looks a little weird
i love this primer it's absolutely perfect in every way
hopped onto eye cream even tho i didn't really think i needed it
it was too pricey for me for only
it's definitely the best eye cream i've used so far
i don't know if it's worth the price tag
it's not greasy at all
it's not totally gone
it's great for all skin types
it's definitely on the pricey side
that isn't the case at all
i know it's good
overall a really solid eye cream that isn't too heavy
this $ish is the boob
it's a great all-purpose salve
i never give reviews mostly because i'm super lazy
it is a bit greasy
i actually quite like out
even the wooden cap for the product is pleasant lol
not super sweet or anything
it is a big greasy
yes there is a lot of glitter
because it's been an absolute godsend for my lips
i imagine it's just as amazing on the skin
it's not bad it kind of fades away fast
this stuff is like the holy grail to me because of that
most products alone don't suffice
i personally don't find it repulsive or overwhelming
that greasy feeling didn't last that long for me
this isn't for you
even then it's not like you're shining bright like edward cullen or something
i think it's completely worth it
which i think is why another reviewer mentioned it's awesome for her brows
it helps and it's natural.
needless to say, believe the reviews!
it's such a winter skin saver.
it's working miracles already
my lips don't even feel like it's december
which i mention because it's really not a moisturizer for the entire face
i don't think it would be super flattering all over the face
it's much more subtle when used this way
it's great for everyday wear to work
this is a no-brainer and super easy to use.
it's subtle enough when used sparingly for everyday
when used on it's own
the fact that it's supposed to be "sweat-proof"
don't want my skin to look dull
it's just a bit too glittery for that.
it really can't be worn alone
at first was like ooo too much
would of given 5 stars if it was a tad less glittery
it's also vegan, which i was a big fan of.
i don't think it's overly sparkly at all it's beautiful get a sample
anyhow it's really pretty
i didn't get glitter like a lot of other reviewers said
i didn't experience the high glitter disco ball effect described in other reviews
it made me giggle no matter how awful those movies are
it's a very interesting product.
it's actually a pretty good product
i wouldn't call it "glitter" like many reviews claim
i don't feel as greasy
on its own it's intense
i wouldn't use glittery to describe it
some people say that this is too glittery
others say it's just the perfect amount of sheen
there's nothing wrong with the product it just works form some skin tones
wouldn't suggest on face imho.
not too glittery in my opinion
definitely not for the face because it'll look way too shimmery
it's a decent, non-greasy cream.
my face is not glittery nor shiny or anything weird
sounds absurd like they're talking about a different product or have to have completely matte looking skin
ok so some reviews say this product has "glitter" in it
it's not so much as a glitter
oh i gave it 4* because this product alone isn't very moisturising that's what i incorporate the h20
because it totally doesn't
and it's vegan, which is awesome!
as it is quite shiny
i think it's great!
you'll have a nice glow not too glittery
it's pricy however a little goes a very long way
little pricey but it actually works!!!
it's super light weight
would purchase if it wasn't so dang expensive !
have to be super picky
it's actually the first eye cream i've used
i also like how it has a glittery finish to it.
my eye makeup doesn't ware off as easy either which is good
it doesn't feel tacky when putting it on.
it's worth it for the quality
it's even gentle enough to use on m y sensitive eyes
it is a little pricey
let me tell you it's amazing for dark puff eyes
didn't make me feel greasy.
so far it's pretty good with puffiness
it's by no means "heavy
it just seems like a st
this is a very effective cream that sucks in your face really like a corset would
so while it is on the spendy side
is this a ridiculous price for a primer?
so expensive but love it.
that's why i only gave this 4 stars.
too bad it's so expensive.
yes both were spendy
sadly it's a bit too far out of my comfort zone
i cannot rave enough about this product!!!!
oh my god so smooth
it's the same feel
kate, you've done it again.
it's a little out of my price range
it's tacky at first
i agree the texture is a bit tacky
if it is a little tacky
this doesn't have unnecessary
there's a reason for that
received this as gratis so that's why i tried it out
it's usually hard for a super dry gal to find something to get excited about on here
it's just a great mix.
haven't found anything quite like it
that's hard for me to find because i have super sensitive skin
made me oily as heck
makes the skin look freaking fabulous
i like that it doesn't feel sticky
they aren't too heavy
i do look a bit crazy shiny right after applying it
it's light enough that you don't feel like you're wearing a primer
suppose it's doing a good job of priming
is that it's natural
it's light and my skin drinks it up.
you don't need too much to look like a glowing goddess
i really fell in love with the glamglow glowstarter moisturizer by i couldn't justify the high price tag
behold -- this stuff is practically the same stuff
only thing it's missing is spf
it's great + everything i look for in a primer
though it's not the best product that i've used as a primer
it's too hot to layer products
it's my go-to for now
i think it's perfect for the summer.
it's also not greasy and gross overtime.
that's not true at all
idk what it is with this primer
i'd say it's a combo of those two things plus smoothed my skin
only thing missing is the spf tbh
didn't feel heavy at all
i don't get the negative reviews.
it is a little teeny bit glowy
i think it's pretty good
it's a win for me.
would be an understatement
but anyways it's amazing!
most days are pretty hot
doesn't get patchy or flaky
it's honestly the best primer i have ever used
it's a pretty big tube
it's sooo smooth going on the skin it feels really nice
it's amazing for dry skin
it's super light weight
still my go-to primer, tho.
i don't look oily
i also like something a little glowy
this does leave a little bit of tackiness after use
the only complaint is it's too small!
00 cad you can't really go wrong
it's a great price wise as well!
i think it's perfect for that
as some have mentioned that it's unpleasant
however it's less than $10
such a shame it's going out of stock on love it so much
the package is extremely tiny i was like whoa
i think it's a good product for the price!
my face is soooo soft
i overdid it a little with retin-a
i cringe thinking about it
it's like a perfect primer
it doesn't produce any suds
it's a super tiny bottle though
it's great for my combination skin
not messy or complicated mask
it's not like that's all you're smelling all day
it's totally worth it!
when the rep at sephora told me that this was a primer my first reaction was that's a really expensive primer
it's an expensive primer
it's an amazing cream
it's not bothersome at all
i am no longer flaky
or just plain useless
i can't use day cream because it is too heavy
it's great and i recommend it!!
it is a little tacky which normally i would hate
i say it's a combination of both
also love that it's greek!
it's lightweight yet soooo soothing when i put this on
it's the best primer i've ever used by far.
was super sketch to exchange it out for this one because it's a little more expensive
wish it wasn't so expensive
not un-comfortable though
maybe it's just me
the price is kinda steep but it's oh so worth it.
my skin is sooo good now
i don't like how thin
other than that it's fine
i don't dislike it
can i just say this stuff is ah-mazing
it's just a perfect natural
it's so worth it
it's been helping my face that's still so cracked
it's an incredibly light
that's such a refreshing thing to find
it wasn't greasy at all
it's great for any skin type.
this stuff is pricey
my skin looks great in the morning might buy the fullsize not sure cuz the price tag
i'll use it until it's gone
imo not quite as good
it's an ok mistake
i wish i didn't because it's so expensive
i just wish the product wasn't so pricey bc i would definitely buy it if it wasn't
box, and it's not bad.
i do like that it's very light
f you're like me
it's a bit dark even for me
i can't vouch for the moisture aspect
really can't rave enough about this!
it's a great bonus that the spf is so high
it's so blendable and easy to use.
it's light in weight
this stuff is ridiculously mattifying
it's not a big deal
it's also perfect for those bathroom breaks when you're bar hopping
completely worth it to me
i only wish it wasn't so expensive.
this works wonders for my insanely oily skin.
this is such a cool
i don't even care that this is on the pricier side because it's the only thing i've found that keeps me entirely matte
one star off because this is super pricey.
it's been pretty good at mattifying my oily face
i feel like packaging could be a bit nicer
i could feel it's made out of cheap plastic
overall it's a great product
that's as greasy as it got
it was pretty meh
also a tad glowy which i love
it's perfect for use on anything
the size is perfect because it's good to throw in your bag
rather it's on your face
and i love that it's travel friendly.
it's not that it's greasy
it's a thick texture which makes me feel like it's doing its job
it is not too greasy
when i took it home it wasn't as effective probably because i'm super lazy
my skin was acting up something awful outta nowhere
it was really annoying.
then i can go back to my usual favorite cleanser once it's done it's job
found it to be a little too messy
it's a great, no frills exfoliator.
it's easy that way and no mess to worry about.
the only con is it's a bit messy
it's not that bad
it's so travel friendly since it's a powder
the other plus is it's nice
messy it's impossible to get off my face
get a sample of it and try it it's mind blowing!
i find that they're generally hyped up
it's not as thin
it's fun to use with the little pearls that you have to crush
it's on the expensive side
you use sooo much less product
it's fun popping all the little capsule things as you massage it in your skin
it is a little pricey
my acne itself is wayyy better
it isn't exactly totally normal
it's made my skin look so amazing
it's expensive but it lasts ages.
it's tingly at first
it's all worth it
now it's just another day in skin paradise
mind you he's white
doesn't feel excessive at all
defiantly a must buy if you're thinking of revamping your skincare routine
i enjoy the sensation-- it's not so uncomfortable
a tad pricey but definitely worth it.
it works amazing even though it's a little drying
that's more than enough
my skin doesn't look dull anymore
it's never been super bad
it doesn't really tingle for me
it's all worth it!
you will get a stingy feeling when it's on ur face
the fact that it's a "mask
but whoa, was i wrong!
so this didn't feel as tingly
the packaging is beyond cute.
holy god it's amazing.
can't get past the idea of using a bar
it is a bit sticky/tacky
in 20 minutes!yes, it is expensive!
when i say i'm addicted to skin care it's an understatement
it's like the softest thing ever.
it goes on a bit tacky
maybe tingle is the better word
it's been nice having you
i can't believe it's already over!
it's truly the best product i've ever used.
it surprisingly did not
in the morning it isn't sticky
this product is so cool
it's different because it's a little bit of both worlds a gel
okay let's start off
i love this, a little pricey but hey whatever.
it's not super thick and very lightweight.
this product is sooooo good.
plus it's pretty to look at.
which is combination-ish normal
that's just a personal preference
maybe i should've left it on longer
to be honest i thought this product was going to be gimmicky
i love that it's so pure in it's ingredients/process
it's even toned, no breakouts!!
i think people find it annoying that it's so much more expensive than the original
it's really not my favorite as far as ease of application
it's not very strong
i feel like it's a little thicker than the regular stuff
i think it's a pretty good cream.
it's very thick, so i only use it at night.
soooooo worth $ every penny.
it's just crazy how good it feels.
i think it's a nice night time cream
that's all i need
it's expensive but so worth it!
not a typo our humidity is really at 2%
i can't rave enough about this product
isn't greasy in the least
which i love since it's so expensive
i find it refreshing
it's true this is a heavier cream
could exchange the "meh" bottle for this one
i don't find it as thick as other reviewers
for winter it's perfect
it is supremely rich and not greasy.
my regular favorites weren't cutting it
yes, but it's worth its weight in gold to me.
it just wasn't for me
it's sinks in pretty fast.
this was seriously completely non-irritating
it's not too much
it is a little tacky
it made me think it was greasy
i think it's worth giving a try
it's a miracle for me.
plus i love that it's a squeeze tube
i love that it comes in a tube rather than
my fave is very sensitive
let's pretend that's a word
that's just my preference.
that it's cruelty free :
i love that it's affordable
sometimes it's sensitive, sometimes it's not.
generally things like that tend to be a bit irritating
as i love makeup a little too much
just plain tepid water
thought that called for suds
nor is it greasy
it's not super drying
i find it's been very good to help tame my breakouts as it's very drying
that's enough for me
it's not really very oily anywhere
it's amazing for the cold canadian winter
the bummer is the cost.
i absolutely think it's worth the hype
i wanted to hate this because it's so expensive
it truly lives up to it's hype.
it's the best cream i've ever used.
this is ridiculously expensive
non irritating what so ever
although not terribly hard
ok fine, it's amazing!
like everyone else i never considered trying this because it's notoriously expensive
i even just used it in the hot carribean with a thous
this is super expensive
i feel so luxurious after i put it on
an expensive little miracle, but worth it.
it's a huge chunk of change
it's absolutely beautiful on the skin!
not yet at the age of "ok let's get serious here" i have spent thous
it's a different texture than what you're probably used to
don't give poor reviews because of it
this stuff is legit.
i really really don't think that's so
it's so good that i feel bad for the others.
many will claim it's hype
a johnson stuff we all slather on our baby's bums?
it's crazy sometimes people think i'm still a high school student
yes its expensive but it's worth it!
it's more of a winter product for me
sure, it's pricey, but it's so worth it.
to see if my lm was really all it's cracked up to be
it's hard to justify $80 for 1oz
always go back to la mer because it's the best.
lamer saves my life every time.
i only use lamer when i feel my face is never rescuable
but lamer works every time.
feels like baby skin no exaggeration
there's a reason people consider this a holy grail
it's completely balanced my skin out
the price is ridiculous obviously
that stuff is thick
this is a pricey line but it's worth it!!
this stuff is expensive
just wish it wasn't so insanely expensive!
i don't like feeling sticky or tacky
there's a bouncy quality to my skin that it hasn't had with other products
it's just right not too heavy
it's a very rare instance i find a skin care item that blows me away
it's a thin consistency because it's an eye serum
it's as if it's not as noticeable
my skin is so gorgeous that i rarely wear foundation anymore
being a gal who doesn't often splurge on fancy beauty products
plus it's a very airy feeling since it's a serum which is crazy
it's a little bit glittery but i like it!
it's all in one!
i would say it's normal to combination
it isn't a skin primer
a little product went a loooong way.
it doesn't wear off easy
it's smoother everything out !
this stuff is sorcery!!
soooo soft to the touch
if you're oily, then this is nirvana.
it's more noticeable if you're wearing makeup
'm kinda obsessed with this shiseido ibuki smart filtering smoother serum
it's very refreshing and light.
it's a good product for people with dull combination skin just like me
it's easy to apply day
it's a nice product, especially for the price!
it's great mattifying product.
but other than that it's amazing!
like i'm talking major hot mess
it's entirely worth it
it's love at first use
this primer mattifies it a bit
its great even for masculine guys
what's really nice about this formula is that it leaves my skin matte
not overly cakey or tacky
getting older it's gotten a little less breakout crazy
in fact it's so much better.
ok forget that super complicated name
it's not anything like a primer
it's a super great product
this stuff is lightweight
taking pics or videos this does wonders dow a flawless look
i noticed i was waaaaay less oilier
i think it's great for getting face make up
ts perfect for selfies or if you don't want to go for that shiny dewy look
i think it's great.
you instantly feel it's smooth
it's feel super luxe
i know it's expensive but it really is worth it.
it was kinda heavy
i know it's not meant for acnes
it's not it's intended use
it's expensive because it works
it hasn't happened lol
it's a really good product
i just wish it was not too expansive!
that it wasn't so expensive because i really like it
it seems like you don't need to use a lot so even though it's pricy it will last a while
i love pressed serum it's so easy to apply
there's nothing really bad to say about it
it's like something isn't sealed properly.
it's very easily washed off.
it's super convenient because you don't need any cotton balls or q tips
it's great for day time
my t-zone is a hopeless cause
id say my undereyes are quite dark
it's not a miracle product, by any means.
i wear glasses, so that's a big deal for me.
i love it sooo much the only eye gel that doesn't sting
'm pretty picky about what i need in an eye moisturizer
i still have pretty horrendous bags.
packaging sucks because you can't tell when you're low
it's all thanks to this gel
while i can't say it'll make dark circles disappear
i think it's definitely worth a try
it's worth it, i promise.
it's very different from say
it's been so uncomfortable
it's like a miracle in a bottle
t wasn't just me
there's actual science inside every bottle
omg it makes my legs sooooo soft
i cannot say enough good things about it- it's awesome
not because it's bad
it's easy to use too much
literally if you are a lazy bum like me
still wanna be beautiful when you're old with soft skin
i love that it is super light yet luxurious.
it's really hard to find a product that doesn't feel overwhelming once it's applied
that's the only word i can think of to use lol.
i do feel like it's evened my skin tone
it's funny that sephora literally just started carrying this today
this stuff is freakishly good.
this is totally worth the plunge if you're debating
there wasn't even many reviews
the only thing i don't like is the packaging.
it's all around amazing
there's a reason this stuff sells out so fast every time it's restocked
easy to blend down without that blatantly obnoxious spf smell
it's also great to use as a st
oily peeps have no fear
it's pretty much good for all skin types
it's great for my skin
lol ooh well beauty has a price .
everyone who've i gotten hooked on it
as a picky natural gal
it has a silky feel to it and it's not too heavy.
it wasn't oily and heavy.
it's a perfect eye cream for night time
i think it's a wise investment.
i can't say that it wows me enough for the price
some were completely useless
it is very easy to apply, no draggy feeling.
the packaging is very cute and attractive.
it's super easy to apply
i don't give out 5 star reviews often
i know it is pricey
bonus points as well because i'm a klutz
it's thick in consistency but not overly so.
all in all it's a pretty good eye cream as i do feel it made me look less tired
i love how silly smooth the cream is
i love that is is not too heavy
it is a bit expensive
it is a little pricey.
i tend to be pretty simplistic with my beauty routines
while it's not cheap
it's not too thick and heavy.
it's gentle too, and doesn't dry me out.
it's the last thing i use i wake up with my t zone kinda oily
needless to say, i don't have acne anymore!
i know it won't be everyone's cup of tea
it's not completely gone
it just wasn't cutting it anymore
it works sooooo well!
i can't be mad that my oiliness is gone
it's always too oily and too uneven and too red.
like, it's pretty dramatic and it's a miracle.
i cannot rave enough about this!
it's still very gentle
when it comes to cleansers i am not too picky
it's just the perfect balance
this it's my honest opinion
it's actually really nice it's refreshing
this combo definitely keeps you super oily free all day
post baby it's turned into an oily dry combo mess
it's a tad too drying for my skin
it's been great so far
it's just that i don't have great skin
it doesn't get as sudsy as i thought
other than that it's a great product
it's really great for combination skin
it's a great trio set, it's very invigorating.
i think it's because my skin is still adjusting?
it's very smooth going on
i don't have those baby bumps on my forehead anymore it's crazy
it sounded like it was worth a try
i wasn't expecting this to replace my primer
only because the bottle doesn't always dispense very well
that my face dried out sooooooo bad it was
it's not a little oily where it's dewy
it's by no means a miracle product
i must say that this is my fave out of the bunch.
it's light without being greasy.
it's not sticky or greasy.
it's lightweight and non-sticky or greasy.
typically my "t" zone gets fiercely oily lol
isn't greasy at all
i think it's an excellent product
one pump isn't enough for me
i love that it doesn't feel heavy
it's a little more pricey
now we're talking fry
isn't too light either
it's not oily or heavy
i really love this hydrator it's amazing.
i like that this isn't sticky
it's not even that bad
wouldn't know how this hydrator performs at night
i came to the conclusion i'm too lazy to use the cleanser version
i think the packaging is cool and fun.
the bad tho is that the product does leak out.
it's so fun to push the little
my routine is quite simple because my skin doesn't need mich
i just wanted something for that extra oomph lol
however, it's not for me.
'm assuming i'm just hot
this one probably isn't because i felt a little watery
box are super chic too
or don't feel like going full on insta-hoe
this is good for newbies
it's good skin care
i like a bit of coverage
it's kind of dark for me
it's much darker than s
it didn't look as dark
it's got great coverage
it's a budget friendly product because you're getting two-in-one
i wish i didn't like this stuff so much because the price is all kinds of silly for a plain moisturizer
it doesn't make me greasy
it's the only thing that is not breaking me out beside la prairie
it's wonderful just really expensive.
it's incredibly light on the skin
because good lord is this expensive
it's less red after i use this
you sometimes get a little overzealous with it
i never feel like it's too heavy
if that's what a miracle in a bottle cost
i know it is very expensive
don't have lines enough that are outrageous
okay, so i have true combo skin.
what's amazing is that it seems to truly cleanse my skin
i do use the face perfecting cream by lamer daily
oh and lamer illuminating eye gel.
when i got lazy
it's a little pricy i would say.
this line does come with a lot of celebrity hype
i definitely feel like it's making the skin tighter
i wasn't expecting much
i admittedly had low expectations for this as i was coming from c-firma
it helps that it's in nice neutral packaging.
i think the product itself isn't super spectacular
the really uncontrollable embarrassingly shiny kind
it's also very lightweight
i totally thought it was going to be so gimmicky
my fave is usually dry
i've read reviews that say it's too oily
it's the perfect amount
yes it's on the pricey side
yes, it is a oil.
i don't think it's a bad product
i think it's amazing
it's very elegant but cute at the same time!
that's just my opinion
wanted to bash it as another overly hyped-up product
not sure if it's the elixir or the babypeel i've been using
plus it's so pretty!
that price though.... jeepers.
it's definitely up there in price
it feels over priced to me imo.
it's not a thick oil which is great
i do feel that the bottle is a little on the cheap side
totally worth it's money
subtle so thats a huge plus
so thats huge lol
it's pretty darn good
i wouldn't say it's magical
it's is the perfect in between of a regular
it's good for all skin types
it's good for many things...
i don't feel self-conscious at all
it's the best decision i made
it's true this stuff is amazing used it with my moisturizer
it didn't "skip" or become patchy
once that's all set in i use this as primer
it is a bit tacky
it didn't feel poor clogging which was great
yup i have it all
it didn't budge in the nasty humid summer we've been having
it's the best primer i've ever used
it's tacky when you rub it into the skin so you know it's gonna make your makeup stick all day
i know it's a little pricey
people complaining about it feeling sticky- duh?
it's meant to be used as a primer?
it's an amazing product love using it as a primer
it's called unicorn essence
it's all the rage online
it's not the best product out there
it may seem pricy
yes it is a primer.
i think it smells good, it's not over powering.
it might be a little over hyped
i don't think it's a bad product
it's an amazing product
it's never looked better
it makes every product i put on top of it glide on sooo smoothly
i saw all the ig videos where it's used as a primer
it's not horrible under my other foundations
but this holds my makeup sooo well!
it's not a primer even
now it's a staple in my makeup routine.
especially because it's very expensive for my st
for $67cad i wasn't in a rush to buy it
it's totally worth the hype.
first off it's soooo pretty!
strangely enough the glitter doesn't show on your face
it doesn't make it shiny or greasy
as a serum it's a fantasy come true
as a primer it wasn't as good
it is pretty oily
this is soooooo much better
it works and it's not harsh!
it's an excellent product.
it's a little more than clinique
i love that it's a one-stop cleansing solution
i love that it's all natural
when i'm in a super lazy mood
don't be fooled that the name is geared towards "makeup meltaway"
love that it's so concentrated!
was surprised that it wasn't greasy
i am a super lazy sortcutter
i don't only contri
it's as effective as cold cream
i found that they're easier
otherwise it's a great product
it's not a big deal
the price was a bit scary
it's so fun to apply this also.
i don't generally wear foundation
it's all around my mouth
wasn't even considering this one
it's hard to describe, but i like it!
t shouldn't be overwhelming
was meh about it at first
i just don't get why everyone seems to be crazily in love with micellar water
wow, this balm works amazingly!
it's all i ever used
this makes my evening routine not so messy or daunting
it's funny because i thought blue moon made it easy
definitely worth the money cuz a little goes a long way
it does it's job
it's super lightweight feeling
its a little pricey but it does work wonderfully!
it's worth noting i am very sensitive
i just wish it wasn't so expensive!
there's something about this one
also has a nice tacky feeling that's good for makeup prep
it is very sheer and light, which i like.
looks like a mask when it's on the face
it's not the end the world
my lifestyle it's perfect
oil free it was literally insane
white rather than clear-ish
it's not too expensive as most can be ❤️the fragrance is fine
for a 40 spf cream, it's very light and workable.
this one brightens my undereye soooo so much
finally an eye cream with spf that isn't super pricy
finally found a primer that's the perfect one for my combo to oily skin
it's way more than alright - it's amazing.
perfect for those hot sticky nyc mornings
it's pricy but you get your money worth it.
t doesn't feel heavy or harsh
thanks to this product no greasy mess
no matter how insane the hype is
onto the review: holy wow is this stuff good.
so it's very quick.
i can't give it 5 stars because it's just so expensive
works best just too pricy.
it is a bit pricy so that's why it's a 4-star for me
it's basically the same thing.
i don't that annoying oil film over my vision
i am almost positive it's because it's working things to the surface
it's sooo easy to do extractions because things are pulled up
this mask completely sucks them out
it's not overly drying.
it really says what it's supposed to do w no gimmick
let me tell you it's literally breathtaking
it wasn't an issue
although the dropper isn't the best
my skin has been insanely dry
the packaging is adorable as usual
it's a hg product for me
that i'm weirdly obsessed with
it's really calming in my opinion
best part about the oil, it's all natural.
doesn't make me greasy
it's good for all ages
this product is so good for warmer months bc it isn't greasy or heavy
clinique doesn't make it extremely clear
clinique hasn't made this super clear
it's lightweight and perfect for summer.
i think the reviews stating this is sticky/greasy
the pump can be annoying
it's perfect for a nightly routine as well
it's very light weight which is perfect for summer
this is like a "lite" version
this mask isn't truly for clearing up breakouts
this mask is soooo good!
it's like my pores are gone
it's relaxing for me.
it is a bit expensive, yes.
not to mention is super fun to have on
other reviews aren't kidding
i wish it was a few dollars less tho
it's worth leaving on because it's so hydrating
enjoy, it's worth the $.
thought it was going to be gimmicky
it's worth the price since it's an intense treatment
i know it's a little pricey for a one-time use mask
it's almost like a pudding consistency.
thanks for this fun to use mask.
i hate messy masks.
it sucks up the excess oil lovely
it's more dimensional than that
the packaging is also super cute!
i feel like it's too lightweight for dry skin
it's all been great
it's the first cream i've used that's worked this week on my skin
it's a little pricey for me
it's dried my skin out horribly
it's been an absolute lifesaver.
it's kind of impractical to spend $70 on a moisturizer when i can find another one for less
yet it's not sticky or greasy in the summer is very important
i got this as a 100 perk
it wasn't a wow for me
it's really light weight
that's not the case with this stuff
i think it's amazing
it's feel very watery when applying
it is sooo worth it
it's more affordable than the indigo
my t zone gets crazy oily.
it's a cream but it's not heavy what so ever.
it's a little more pricey than what i would like to spend on a moisturizer
although this product is pretty pricey
this cream proved me wrong!
definitely worth the hype.
it's worth it because it satisfies my very tricky skin
it's also very light
it didn't make me more oily than usual which i liked
to make sure i wasn't romanticizing this tatcha product
makes me look so young and sexy.
this is a wonder cream!
it's very cooling and refreshing.
it's very lightweight and cooling.
i think it's great for summer-- would probably want something heavier for the winters in canada
there's too much to rave about
fyi a little goes a long way
it's not heavy or sticky, i enjoy that very much.
a little pricy, but hey, beauty is worth it.
i mean this isn't a bottle of miracles
it's made my skin way less oily—moisturized
knew it wasn't going to turn me into geisha instantly lol
i know it's just skin
that stuff was awful
it's expensive for how much you get
it's a super easy mask to use
as perricone can get a little pricey
i love this cloud cream soooo much.
smooth because i can't even feel it
i can't imagine ever going back to a greasy
it is quite expensive
was shocked how well it sunk in to my skin as it's creamy
it's sunk in so fast
actually do think it's brightening too
i know it was a little pricey
so far it's been very nice
my skin was so freaking smooth
that is the farmacy cleansing balm so when i ran out of that i was pretty bummed
this is mess free!
it's definitely pricey like all sunday riley products
it's pricey for a reason, it actually works!
it doesn't feel like it's cleaning my face
which is probably more gentle anyway
it's also really nice
it's super difficult to find one that works on combo-oily skin
it's also a great primer
i enjoy it because it's very easy to apply primer
it's not too much for my oily t-zone
the weather has been crazy
that by the time i am putting on coverup it's my skin
so far it's been great
maybe because it's summer
the only downside is that while it's on the skin
it's not extreme or uncomfortable
you'll have the most flawless finish you've ever had
to me it's worth it to have perfect skin
i just don't think it's much different than using my emu oil in my moisturizer
think it's too over priced though
i wish it wasn't so expensive cause i spilled my br
now it's almost gone
it's almost running out
i just wish it was a tiny bit cheaper
i think all of these nice oils are overpriced
this stuff beats all!
it's very lightweight and smells good going on.
it's so clean and fresh.
this is a little pricey
was raving how it doesn't make her feel like an oil slick
it does seem pricy though for what it is
isn't greasy at all
4 stars because it's hard for me to find a product perfect
doesn't do anything because it's already been catalysed
it's affordable and easy to use.
it's so refreshing, i love it.
i believe will help fad the crows feet
it is really pricey compared to these
that was so annoying!
don't feel my skin is clean btw i don't wear makeup
it's truly been awesome!
the only con is the scent; it's not for me.
i don't think it's terribly different from the clean energy
i particularly like the packaging it's in.
way overpriced eye cream
it's light and easy to spread around.
the packaging isn't wonderful
the bags aren't gone
doesn't feel greasy at all
never feel like i'm wasting expensive product
packaging is clunky to use- i can't fit my h
because it's so light
i love that this is non greasy
it's maybe also somewhat reduced how dark my undereyes look
given that it's a little pricey
this is so weird
the packaging feels incredibly cheap
it's very nice formula
it's too long/tall
it's fun to put on
it's not really a mask in the traditional sense
it's super fast clean
i like this bubble mask a lot
it actually tickles a bit.
it is only a 2(ish) minute mask.
it's still really gentle
i don't find it to be stripping or irritating
it's really not a big deal.
it's inevitable it gets close to my eyes
it's infinitely more convenient to use
it didn't feel like stripped my skin even though i used it with my foreo luna mini
anyways it's a great product
they're definite hg's for me
has a lot of hardcore fangirls that really hyped this
products) up and it's just sort of meh.
maybe gotta use a bit more cleanser
okay, let's all calm down.
i will agree that the packaging isn't perfect
it's gone all with this one.
the design isn't genius
packaging is ok- you twist the cap
anyway, i think it's awesome!
i agree with the other reviewer who said it's like the de pekee bar
(the pekee bar is nice but a bit messy.)
it can be a bit messy
the la retro cream it's just a dream
it's so easy to use and my skin feels so fresh!
it looked super cool
i actually think it's nice
they're not like the annoying plastic ones
it's really mild and not harsh.
it's super easy to use
it's a new absolute favorite
it's just my skin
it's easy to use it as a scrub
i love it because it's lightweight
it's great for the summer
almost has a rigid feel that can't kind of be uncomfortable
it might be wishful thinking
the he'll is cool to the touch
i wouldn't splurge for the brush tho
on top of everything the packaging is so cute
most people think it's part of my decor lol
it's is so cool awsome product !!!
in my opinion, this idea is pure genius!
i like that it's blue.
that's just not fun
what i love about the product is definitely the sonic factor no lie
they're not noticeable anymore
yes is kind of small
it's a really nice peel off mask
it didn't blow up my skirt, but i didn't hate it.
it's true that's it pretty much deluxe sample size
this ones in such a cute package/squeeze bottle
it's my go-to this summer for even
it's good for me and my skin is hella sensitive.
only give 4 stars because it's so expensive.
i know it's hard to commit to a face mask that's $90
that's because it has 39
rather it remains a little tacky / sticky so just fyi
this isn't that bad
due to their size it's important to don't go into crazy scrubbing mode
think it's worth the money
it's not often i feel this great right after a mask
nothing so bad that i can't h
so my skin isn't that perfect
number one it's just such a cool idea
it's soo fun to use
it's fun to roll all over your face
not gonna lie, this stuff smells pretty gross.
it's like i'm back in an 80's molly ringwald movie finally getting the green mask i always desired
it's fun to use, not messy.
it's a lot of fun to use!!
love the easy use, doesn't dry out skin, very fun
the lather is ok
i hate taking off my makeup, it's a chore.
i love using this bc it's gentle on my eyes
it's a little less espensive than my usual boscia cleanser
4 stars instead of 5 because i do think it is a little pricey
it's so so mega fun
it's fun to use would buy again.
really like the texture of the ball it's really fun to squish
this product is also fun so that's a plus.
it works and i think it's worth the money.
it's not just a bar of soap--the squishy texture is awesome
some find it gimmicky
it's so much fun to use
how it's working for my skin
it's a great product overall
i think it's not only really cool
too pricy for what it'll last.
it's really fun to use
it's certainly not one of the bonuses
effective plus it's just so much fun
it's a jelly ball so obviously it's gonna be a little difficult to rub all over your face
it's so fun to use
it's such a good cleanser that i don't mind much
i know that's horrible
this little sucker makes taking my makeup off
even if you're not blown away by the results it's still extremely fun to use
not only is it squishy
which it's not advertised to do
not to mention super fun to use
wasn't messy at all
was super easy to use
it was super fun to use.
sometimes that might be annoying
mostly it seems fun
it's so fun to play with
it feels great in the skin although a little thrown of because it's a squishy ball
i know that the green one is sooooo good
i really like the ole product line.
it doesn't bug me
it's cheap and a good find.
think it's great for sensitive skin
great for my skin that's becoming more
it's not as rough as the frixxton stick by tarte which is a plus for me
i don't think it's that amazing
it's the perfect combination for me for the day.
i love how it's creamy without being too heavy
for summer it's just perfect
know it's the cream
although it's very rich
cool consistency makes it kinda fun to use
my skin at night isn't greasy or tacky when i use this
i get the hype now!
it's fun to apply and it really does work.
i usually have a couple breakouts from that oh so fun time
i credit this product because it's the only change to my routine
don't the very opposite
plus it works while you sleep so no excuses for being lazy
well, nope, this is the real deal!
the consistency of the mask is kinda weird
as far as i'm concerned there's some kind of sorcery in that little pink container
the hype is real.
it feels kind of slimy at first.
this isn't a deal breaker for me
sweet, but not too strong.
that's the only way the ick can get out!!
honest to god this mask is dumb nice.
i wouldn't say it is heavy
guess it isn't supposed to
it's still cool i'm not mad
thought that the name was catchy
it's so smooth feeling!
not in an overwhelming or overly sugary way
i wasn't expecting much from it since it's fairly new
it's in heavy rotation for me right now
it's been sold out for some time and it's crazy!
holy heck it's amazing
my skin goes berserk whenever there's a change in the weather
there's a reason why this sells out so fast: it works
t hasn't made my pillow cases funky
have been a totally jaded makeup/skincare lover for a very long time
there aren't alot of watermelon based products on the market right now
only drawback is that the little spatula that's enclosed isn't really worth much
f you aren't in to scents i wouldn't let it detour you
it isn't artificial in any way
it looks so cute on my vanity.
i think this is gentle enough for most folks
it's great for night use because that's when your skin is repairing
it's the perfect balance.
anyways.. it's well worth the money.
it's definitely do something.
either way it's definitely a good investment to your beauty regime
i like that this is refreshing
but oh my god!
so you're saving time
too pricy to be a regular in my arsenal
yes it's pricy however you pay for the quality without the fillers other "high-end" br
it's easy to see that they aren't healthier than this one
omg i can't believe the results after just one use
my skin looks pretty darn good without makeup on
i know it's because of this
it's worth the try
which isn't very pleasant to me
feels like it's firmer
i like this a lot, it's a great serum.
not tacky/sticky, good serum for the price
it's saved my skin
it's well worth the glow
it's a very important contri
i think it's really helped it look more even-toned
no joke- it reeks!
it's looks dull and the fine lines more apparent.
it's all thanks to my philosophy skin care routine because i smoke
i love how it's not oily.
we'll see about anti-wrinkle as time goes on.
its pretty icky when you first apply
it's absolutely worth it
now i don't have to wear a turtleneck all the time
it's a little pricy but so well worth it to me!
guessing it's the same
i love how it's a drop tool.
it's kind of expensive to be water
make up since it's not greasy
it's spendy, but i'm positive it's worth it.
it's literally changed my skin
doesn't feel too thick
it just gives my skin a little extra umph when it's looking dull
it's a really good size for the price, too.
my face is tacky
performance confuse me when it's being called a night mask
it's still a nice product
i don't know how/why it's priced so well
this mask is so refreshing!
it's so cooling and refreshing on the skin.
i get the hype about now!
especially the fact that it is pretty inexpensive
it's still one of my fave masks
search on youtube for reviews on this- they're everywhere
you're basically paying the same for this luxurious
amazing lip mask that you pay for some junky chapstick
it's the perfect combo
the texture is like a heavy chap stick that doesn't budge
on the eye area it's amazing
they've become so smooth
for some odd reason
it's sticky if you use too much
it's an absolute steal
they've all been a very expensive chapstick
and the spatula is just too cute!
and the spatula is so cute, it's to die for.
i hesitated at first on buying this because it's 20 bucks for a lip mask
the little baby spatula is too cute
it's just so awesome.
i don't find that it lingers for very long
it's not offensive anyway
once i go to bed it's not overwhelming at all
it's the worst when products claim to plump
this doesn't exactly plump
there's a lot of usable product
almost alittle bit more full
it's thick enough that it truly doesn't move around at night
it looks like it would be kinda hard to get out of the jar
it's pleasant to use and the pot is generous.
bang---that's when i noticed an aritaum
i forgot the rest oops
i adore it- it transformed my perpetually dry
it's lightweight and not really oily.
the spatula that comes with the product is super cute :
i don't wake up looking greasy
i feel a bit indulgent when i use them.
but, you want a product that's pampering.
i already used the first tub and it's amazing!
because it's the summer
it's my favorite part of putting it on everyday.
it's super light weight
it's light and doesn't feel heavy.
it's not too thin but its neither too thick.
they don't boast any crazy magical changes
it's small but it is mighty!
it's a bit tacky at first
it's a pretty thick consistency
the cheap feel of the kid just doesn't match the elegance of the glass jar to me
it's perfect for night time
it's like my skin just drinks it up
it's great for both day
it doesn't leave a greasy feel or obnoxious shine
what i also love about it is that the creme is not heavy
i can't praise this cream enough
here's why: i have fairly dry skin
it's made of glass so it feels very luxurious.
that's just my personal preference
i love the packaging of this little bottle too.
it's too thick for me to use as a day cream
that's a plus for me.
it's not too strong at all
completely forget that it's on
it's not sticky at all
it doesn't make the flakiness go away completely
it was so decadent while being very light.
it doesn't leave a weird film or tacky feeling on the skin
the cream itself has a cushy synthetic feel to it that is really nice
i don't like an oily feeling
their packaging is nice and not cheap feeling (:
isn't sticky at all
so while i don't think it's right for me
it's not technically geared for my skin type
can't really say it's a bad product
it's a very thick cream
it can be a bit tacky if you use too much
i gave it a 4 stars because i only use it at night because it is tacky
apparently it's recommended for oily skin since it's so lightweight
i don't particaly love heavy
yeah i guess the magnetic spatula is smart
it's more travel friendly
honestly left a sticky residue that i wasn't too fond of
it's so light and long lasting.
a then a ton of extracts before the stuff at the bottom that's a bit more questionable
i am pretty combo
i really like the packaging too
i don't use masks very often
i've only been using it as a night time moisturizer bc it's a little too much for the hot boston weather during the day
even though it's so lightweight
it does have a slight tacky quality to it
there's an included spatula--how awesome is that?
one that's too thin/light
i'd say it's worth it!
it's super easy and smooth to apply.
it's the best mask i have ever used.
i am so sad that it's out of stock online.
typically i don't like masks.
this mask left my skin soo pretty
this mask is so so soooo good
you're gonna love this miracle mask
not as thick as i thought it'd be, which i like.
it's definitely not as cooling as glamglow
didn't feel like the lochness monster wearing it
it's a really pricey mask so only time will tell if it's worth the $79
so essential for summer fave
can't completely say it's perfect yet
it's perfect for a light coverage
i don't find it to be too glow-y at all
it's kind of a baffling product, really!
it's kind of on the expensive side
it feels great and isn't irritating at all.
it's not too thick
it's not super noticeable
it's very natural looking
i wish people would stop whining about glossier since pretty much everything in cosmetics shares the same appearance
it's so beautiful on the skin.
now i know it's on the expensive side
what i didn't like was the fact it's a "duo/double" serum
so i like it's results thus far!
it's certainly on the pricey end-
the only thing i really didn't like very much was how heavily scented the product was
that wasn't a big deal
however i wish it wasn't so pricey
it's not a cream at all it's oil.
it's sweet but not too overpowering.
it's oily, but very absorbing.
i think it is expensive
i really liked that it wasn't a thick heavy cream
i am dying for a whole bottle because it's a game changer
with that being said the consistency is great it's not too oily or sticky it's semi lightweight as well
to me it's very smooth for me
so even though it is pricey
i would definitely recommend this for dull
it's not to greasy which is one reason i love it.
i don't think it's effective
what on this earth is in this madness?
i am a huge fan of lamer
it's a vegan product that really works
it's actually the very first ingredient
i love that it's clear
not even a little bit
i got this in a murad kit so maybe it's everything in conjunction
it's amazing and it shrinks them down so fast!
super rare for me
that's literally all i needed to get hooked
or maybe the makeup idk
honestly it's changed my skin
it's gentle but still totally effective.
ole has amazing products
i've definitely noticed that it's very plumping
i like that it's matte
deal with redness: i don't find this mask to be irritating
it's also great to know that there's nice
my skin looks sooo much better
especially since it's made for all skin types
it hasn't gotten rid of mine yet
it's a mini vacation for your face.
i mean like a super hot
it's either really good or it's really bad
oh, and a little goes a long way too !
it's hard not to when you're so amazed by how smooth your skin feels
that's why this was created
plus it's a fun consistency - love!
i don't use a lot of beauty products
don't make me greasy
it's not at all greasy.
here's their process in a nutshell
i pretty much can't imagine my life without this gel now
my face feels soooo much more hydated after using this
i tried this product because it's vegan
it's totally worth it
it's the perfect primer
flaky to the point that it makes wearing high coverage foundations really impossible
this product is perfect at nighttime because it's light
it is so lightweight and very refreshing.
it remains sooooo light
it wasn't at all
it's absolutely perfect underneath makeup.
here's their process in a nutshell
my make-up looks much better too since it's a primer
goes on soooo smooth
i know that sounds crazy
i love that it's cruelty free
it's also worth noting how pretty the packaging is
it isn't greasy at all
omg it applies so smooth
it's just the perfect gel for me.
it's kinda obvious this was the product i received
it's not really as crazy special as any other cream
i'd say it's worth it
didn't feel tacky or greasy
let's just say there's a reason everyone
honestly makes breakouts like 90% smaller
i can't believe they're adding kiehl's to sephora
i also love this product it's like they say "magic in a bottle" it makes my skin plumped
the product is very rich but isn't heavy.
it's about time lol i've been using this eye cream for a long time
i like that it's like a mud
so that's always a plus considering i have pretty sensitive skin
it is a bit greasy
it's honestly worth getting over
it's not coming off
it's a pretty thick gel so a little goes a long way
a little goes a long way and it's worth the $.
the only con is it is pretty pricey :/
it's not like i haven't tried this with other br
now mother nature says it's payback
there's still a month's worth of product left
it's a constant battle so while this stuff is pricey- it does what it says it does
at least i haven't found it yet lol
it's seriously sooo good.
it's perfect for protecting
it's perfect for special occasions
i know it's expensive
it's definitely worth the money
due to laziness or being away
it's a lot smoother now.
okayyy so here's the story
it is just so unappealing
it looks like they've put it on a new bottle
luckily ole was just rebr
so happy it's back)
this stuff is literally a miracle in a bottle
it's a great light moisturiser though even if you're the oily/combo type
the ole henriksen line is like a miracle
i love that it's a gel
the left side of my face looks flawless lol i'm a skeptic
my first impression of this product is that it's sticky
lately it doesn't seem as effective
it's saved my skin.
it's only ever one
it just wasn't as powerful
it's not too bad
the product is kinda sticky
that's what i've been using this product for
nothings worked except this line.
it's not that bad
i didn't think my skin was even dull to begin with
it goes on feeling a little tacky
i break out all over my face from the icky nyc air
ole products are simply amazing
it's a nightmare to live with.
even that wasn't enough
it's very thick and a little goes a long way.
i like it because it's simple
like it's made out of cheap plastic
i don't think it's thick enough for a night cream
i always have some around- it's an absolute staple of my beauty routine
though it's not necessarily a miracle worker
it's a little hard to find sometimes
it's nice and thick, but not greasy at all.
when it's crazy dry like it is now
it smells exactly like a dreamsicle popsicle--so not necessarily my favorite--
it hasn't at all
the cream isn't super thick
it's not too heavy for me
feels soo good on the skin!
i reccomend placing in fridge for an amazing cool feel
ole henriksen line is simply the best!
i love that it's cruelty free.
it's super rich, almost like a balm.
the one i normally can't use during the day because it's so heavy
it's a bit more thick than the others
this seems like a weird way to describe a moisturizer
it seems really thick
though it's sort of rich
as far as the smell goes, i think it's great.
to say it melts in to your skin is an understatement
it's not the best
other than that it's perfect
it made sense to me to sick with ole henriksen
it suds up bu not overly so
it's so refreshing that i feel like i've been to a spa at home in my shower
i wish this oh one foamed up more
for28$ canadian i was a little iffy
one thing people dont get is that this is free of sulfates that's why there's not to much of a lather
i still think it's a great cleanser
because i use another ole henriksen product
it is so worth the price, it lasts sooo long.
i can't praise this enough.
it's pricey, but lasts a long time.
it goes a loooong way
it's not too foamy
it isn't too drying
you only need a tiny bit so that's the pro!!!
it was very embarrassing.
i don't use a primer because i haven't found one i like that doesn't have silicone
it's not only fixed that
super light you barley know it's there.
which is what freaks me out the most
as i don't think it's rich enough for that
obvs that's gonna take time to clear out
surprisingly, that sample still hasn't run out.
i wasn't really wow'd by it
dry skin so perhaps it's just me
it's a wee bit sticky for morning use before foundation for me
i can't even remember the last time i've had a zit
my skin is the best it's ever looked
it is pretty lightweight
it just is so light it's almost whipped
this sheer cream doesn't disappoint
also super happy it's cruelty free!
i still buy it because it makes my skin that much prettier
doesn't get tacky or break me out
it's really light & goes on easily.
then with ole henriksen sheer transformation
as it is a bit expensive
great for the eyes too as it's not too intense.
i guess everyone's skin is different
makes my face feel so soooo soft
it was really embarrassing because i don't usually break out that bad
it's definitely worth it's title
is it a little pricey?
yes, but it is totally worth it!
could also be wishful thinking
my skin started looking cruddy again
pretty pricey, however absolutely worth it!
it's not a magic bullet
if only it's not soooooo expensive
it's light on the face which i love.
it literally feels like baby skin it's amazing
its pricey but its sooooo worth it!
it's my go to product for every skin concern
i don't mind because it is refreshing
a little pricy but so worth it !
it might seem pricey
it's not overpowering by any means
love it -- it's light
doesn't cause flair ups for me.
my face still isn't completely clear
it's very fast absorbing
it is a bit expensive
the only negative thing i can say about it is that it has a kind of masculine smell-- maybe it's the witch hazel or one of the other ingredients
the only reason it's not getting 5 stars is that i'm not a big fan of the smell
love sephora but that's not a small difference.
it's absolutely perfect for the colder months!
it's super light weight
no matter what i'll get oily haha
like making my skin feel like it's covered with film
it's still my skin
it doesn't make my skin break out oddly
it's says "matifying" on the container
which i don't think is entirely true
doesn't feel heavy at all.
i feel like most negative reviewers don't underst
it's been ahhhhmazing at that as well
still have a majorly shiny t zone
these days it's getting hot
the only thing i'm disappointed about is that it is soooo expensive :
and the fact that it's anti aging is even better.
it's great for winter
it's especially great around my eyes.
it's very expensive but it will last a long time.
the only con is that i'm bummed i didn't buy the big jar during the 4x beauty point week
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
i know its pricey but i may be addicted to this.
yes it is thick
i recommend it just at bedtime so who cares if it is "balmy"
i know it is expensive
imo it is worth it
needless to say the winter can be brutal for me
when it's colder out
this is an excellent product even though i find it somewhat pricey
it is a little expensive
it's purely thick cream that is perfect for harsh
f you happen to live in some unbearably cold climate like canada
it's a huge investment but totally worth it.
while it seems expensive
it's very light and not strong at all.
if it's yellow go return it as philosophy br
i am not kidding, it's like magic.
it's too bad that others can't seem to get over the smell
otherwise i would've rated it 5 stars.
i guess people's sniffers are different.
it's really easy to spread
it's nothing overly noticeable i actually enjoy the smell because it's so familiar
4 stars bc the consistency is a little weird
my face is crazy shiny
buy it, it's a staple.
i tend compare it to the sheer transform cream from ole
also, i might just be strange (and that's okay!)
my bf doesn't like it either
fluffy--it's nice to have in my morning ritual
yes it's a thin consistency
it's lightweight yet gives great moisture as long as your skin isn't overly dry
can't blame it on this
because it is pretty gross
love that it's in a jar
which makes sense anyway
it does seem expensive at first
i feel like it's just as effective
too bad sephora no longer carries this br
obviously it's not the same
it's just as amazing.
it's well worth it
right to the end as it's deflating
wether it's high end or drugstore
this is written very plain and clear on the box.
i just overlooked it.
it's genetic, so there's very little i can do.
it's not an overnight game changer though
it's not heavy or oily.
it's an obvious transformation.
this stuff is pricey, but worth it!
i wouldn't really call it a miracle product
yes i a few wrinkles it sounds weird
my sling use to be combo/oily now it's practically normal i get a little shinny
this results it's blemishes that i absolutely despise
sadly it's just too expensive for me.
i think it's a great product for the money.
it's really one of the more reasonably priced products of its kind out there
it's almost entirely gone when i wake up!
it's a nice eye gel to apply in the mornings because there's a nice cool sensation
it's a little pricey for a small bottle
it's lightweight and refreshing to use.
that's why i have dark circles i guess
it's probably better used at night
it's really nice and cool feeling.
it's just a little pricey
that's good enough for me
that's especially true for this one
my favorite eye cream.. but it is a bit pricey
it is quite pricey
great for those who doesn't like overly greasy/strong consistency
wooowwww it's just so good
i wasn't expecting much from this mask
it's lasted me forever
it's really a workhorse product
in my opinion it's better than glamglow
it's not too heavy on my skin
i know that's bad
now it's literally gone
i don't have crazy bad acne
you'll love it too
aka really gross stuff
i know it's pricey
this stuff is pure gold
it's honestly an amazing mask
as a mask snob, i would highly recommend!
it's super easy to put on
it's a very good product
it is a little pricey
this stuff is my holy grail to clear skin
it isn't at all messy
i don't care what's in it.
wow - now this was a mask!
it's gentle enough to be used often.
i don't use masks like this often
though it isn't strong or unappealing
it's super easy to spread all over the face
it's nothing too over powering
i would buy this over sephora's dupe for the glam glow
but it wouldn't last too long.
not greasy- really like this
it's very easy to remove
this product is not too agressive
it's not harsh on the skin
it's nothing terribly offensive in my opinion
it is kinda foamless, and gentle.
can't love this product enough.
it's great for oily skin
the tradeoff is that it does nothing for tone or texture
overall it's good nothing earth shattering
it's a kickass hydrator and that's all it is.
it doesn't have an spf
it's perfect for a warm weather
this is not cheap
it's great for warmer weather
it's about that time
it's not the typical take some out of a jar/pump
fancy ingredients they can
it's too much of a good thing for my skin
i really like the simple packaging
i especially love that it's made of natural products
i can't rave enough about how lovely it made my skin look
is not super expensive too
it feels like pure heaven
i really love that it's day or night friendly as well as reasonably priced
it's in the pricey side
plus i think it's great for my sensitive skin.
i kinda freaked out because it was "cleansing milk"
it's not very powerful
this isn't for you
i it's non greasy, super light and sheer.
i love this for what it's purpose is
it is so gentle youd think it wasn't soap.
it isn't the lightest thing in the world
even if you're not sensitive this product works like a charm
most are too heavy, too light, smell weird, etc.
maybe because it is a little too gentle
geez - can i gush any more?
haven't used it like that
i don't need a lot of frills
i believe it's called
it's pricey to me, but each bottle lasts months.
never have i owned a cleanser that truly helps the condition of my skin--they've all just been "meh
every night it's important for me to remove all the yuck
i also like that the formula isn't heavy
i'd love it more if the packaging is nicer though
it's just about done
my skin doesn't feel like it's about to bust at the seams
nothing too rich or thick
did i mention that it's pretty affordable?
i found out he's been using this too now
i can't quite pin what it is
it's the most gentle yet effective combination i have found so far
it is a bit expensive
it's good for your skin
it's kinda like a clarifier for your face.
it's my new favorite!
i feel like it's not quiteee strong enough on my blemishes sometimes
it's also very gentle
or they're 'designed for sensitive skin'
i took a star off because the packaging is god awful
i've even let my 10 year old use it for the odd pimple she's starting to get
this product is super cheap to try
it's about 3 times more expensive
it's gentle but not too gentle.
that's the only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5
it's fast, effective, and invisible.
this product is really gentile and easy to use.
it's pretty effective when it comes to making your pimples go away
that's when i found this.
maybe that's the zit's fault and not boscia's.
it isn't super red
i am ok with that tradeoff
that's why it's part of my morning routine
i can't speak to it's effectiveness
love what it does for instant softness
it's doing the trick for me
so, let's be straight up.
that's my biggest issue
i can't comment much on the anti aging anti puffy properties though it seems kinda mediocre in that regard
that i've tried it i feel like it's worth it
even when you've had a crazy night out
it's the best one i've tried
the fact it's light cream
it's not super thick
it's a great eye cream
it's not greasy at all.
it's also very lightweight
plus it had a bit of an older woman vibe i didnt really like
i mean very little!
this one's pretty good
it's not too thick
it is so lightweight you can't feel it under makeup
great product :d not greasy.
it's not oily and doesn't get tacky.
it's not too heavy
it's much more glowy
it's nice to apply at night
it's actually pretty lightweight
it's been great so far for the cold mn winter.
this sounds so dorky
it's perfect for nighttime though!
isn't even very heavy
it isn't tacky or oily it just looks like a beautiful glow
i even went as pricey as perricone
i always feel so fancy after applying!
i don't feel like it's too thick or it stays on my skin or something like that
a little goes a loooong way too
isn't greasy at all
it's not for you
i guess it's my korres regimen!
i love that it's natural
i know it's only available for super cheap one day out of the year basically on black friday
idk if that's what it's supposed to be used for
that's what i use it for
i don't think it's as good as the laneige facial cream i used before the belif one
it's not too heavy on the skin
during this year's extreme weather temps here in vt
it's doesn't irritate my skin
it's well worth the usual cost
it's perfect because it doesn't make my skin dry
it's really gentle on my faced
it's absolutely ridiculous to leave bad reviews for a great product
stop freaking out people, it's not sold-out.
anyways this cleanser is the bomb i've been re-purchasing it over the years it's gentle
people are giving bad reviews because it's sold out
all in all great product, even tho it is pricey.
it's gentle enough that it doesn't irritate my skin
all in all, it's a pretty decent, basic cleanser.
it's gentle and gives a very good clean .
i think it's a good option
everything i love in a cleanser plus it's cheaper than a lot of other options on sephora
it is not overly lathery or bubbly
it's a wonderful wash that's gentle
the only drawback is that it's basically useless against waterproof mascara
i love that it's gentle
feels silly soft going on and coming off.
it's like the holy water or something
my first thought was oh this looks cheap like something i would see at walmart
it's a classic, and for good reason.
i noticed that it's very light
it's still sooooo good
it really is a great cleanser even though it's so gentle
that's okay that's what a make up remover is for
can't recommend it enough for it's many uses
it's a good face wash.
it's my new favorite!
i never look ruddy anymore
you can't even feel the beads
it's neither greasy nor drying, since it's a gel.
it's great -- compared to before
sometimes i feel like it's a bit too drying
it is definitely less irritating
plus you don't have to clean because it's made for both
like it's just lifting all the oil
it's neither sticky nor greasy
i know it is a man's line
it's only been 2 weeks lol
even though it's designed for men
he's tried a few men's products
he's been sticking to anthony products for a while now
i don't know what kinda of magic this is
only thing is it is kind of pricey
with this plus a little powder they're basically invisible
the new bottle design is hideous and tacky!
it hasn't inspired breakouts or anything
i don't wanna sound like i'm exaggerating
i like that they're conscious about what isn't in the product- harmful chemicals
it isn't sticky or flakey
not so full of junk
it's almost a miracle product
don't seem to use it very often
my super congested skin has been purging so much ickiness
not super expensive either.
i certainly haven't seen any crazy instant results
maybe it's just me?
only reason i didn't give 5 star is i do think it's a bit overpriced
you can't tell when it's empty
it's wonderful for my aging skin
i don't like spending $80
it's a bit pricey but well worth it.
this product is a little pricey
it's taken me five years to find the right moisturizer with my oh-so-very sensative skin
doesn't feel greasy at all
the design of the bottle is great cuz it prevents any containmination
it kinda worked for a weak or so
when it's hot it's bad.
whem it's cold it's ok.
i only use this at night because it's a little too rich for my combination skin in the day
it is a little expensive
couldn't believe i wasn't
my skin is so bad a lot of people notice when it's bad
it isn't a miracle cure
i wish this stuff weren't so expensive.
i just wish it weren't so expensive.
this is very pricey
it's hard to keep track of when you're running out
it's not too heavy
for me, it's worth it.
yes it is pricey
it's thick but not heavy or greasy.
it's well worth trying it
is absolutely non greasy
yes, it's pricey, but i am worth it!
when i haven't gotten a good night's sleep
it is a bit pricy
maybe it's all in my head
the reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it's expensive
that is because it's clay
when applying the mask it's pretty sheer
i truly love this mask because it's so gentle on the skin
'm sure it's the reason
it's messy, but whatever, it's so worth it.
it becomes quite messy
it's gentle enough for every day use
and yes it is messy but totally worth it!
it's clay after all!
which is really annoying
the bar is pricey
it is a little pricey
i know this sounds gimmicky
i originally thought it was a bit pricey
overall it's really good
it is very pricy
there's not even a dent
but it's because it works and it lasts forever!
just don't be an idiot
that's an easy fix- buy a cheap foundation brush to apply
it's my fave go to facial bar!!
it isn't at all
a bit tedious to use, especially in the shower.
it's more of a luxury for me
it's seriously worth the try
i said it wasn't miraculous because it didn't completely clear my acne
it easily beats the glamglo everyone is obsessed with too
for something that actually works like a charm for me it's worth the splurge
it'll last forever, too.
i also love that it's natural
i know this is essentially fuller's earth repackaged into a bar
there's quite a bit left
it isn't messy if you follow the directions
so simple, so perfect.
i can't believe how untouched it still looks
i realize it's basic in that it's ingredient is fuller's earth
it's is absolutely amazing!
the only thing i don't like is that its very messy to apply
it is a bit mess to use
i read some reviews saying it is messy
one ingredient, that's it!
it is not messy at all
i love how it's multitasking
it's now a staple in my routine
let's keep this the same forever
soft that i can't believe it
i love that it's gentle enough to use on my eyes
i love how it's gentle
i think it's the mia 2 now
because it's super basic
i don't care about scents unless they're unbearably strong
my face is sooooo smooth
because when i try i always return to this for it's soothing
it makes my skin look sooo good and super soft!
it's a bit expensive which really saddens me because i have to save up for it
i think it's worth it
it's the little things, people.
it's a perfect balance for my sensitive
it's so worth it
that's because it is soap free
i got it as a 100 point gift and it's great.
why it might be unappealing to some
it's the one i turn to if i've already used my purity
it really does it's job.
i love that it's natural
though don't be fooled
it's not so perfume-y that my sensitive skin would break out
if you don't mind splurging a little bit for a lot of product
once again it's amazing
i guess that means it's working
it's not that bad
the price isn't crazy high
it's gave me a little "stingy" sensation
the color is pretty cool too
not as often because it's for men
since he was doing the classic "yeah babe
i just haven't gotten to it
t looks pretty funny on a pale white guy
this stuff really sucks up the oil
really sucks up the oil
that's fine by me
wasn't terribly crazy about how it left my skin feeling a little too oily
it's good for dry weather
so no gripes about it
it's pricey, but very worth the money.
it's gentle for everyday use
i don't get the tight
the packaging is cute too
it's expensive but i really do like the product.
as a man i don't need gloat flashy skin i was simple hydrated not flashy
was kinda worried because it says matte
let's break it down
though it lacks color, that's fine with me.
another reason i'm thankful i went with this one is because it's matte not shiny
i think shiny is to obvious.
it's perfect for my skin
it's nothing too special there
it's my holy grail now
it's called 'matte glow' which seems contradictory
it's the perfect description for this product
it's great under makeup as a primer because it's so light
it seems to be an oxymoron but it does work.
i don't think it's worth the price necessarily.
i've still got plenty left so for the price tag i definitely feel like it's worth it
it is a bit tacky if you don't put make up over it
it's nothing that's intolerable
i do like this product cause it's matte !
spendy but worth it!
not tacky or sticky at all
it's def better than many
it's perfect for me
first of all, the packaging is super cute.
thats usually in the summertime
if you're iffy on scents don't worry its not that overpowering
the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars is because it's so pricey
i get really shiny so fast
oh, and a little goes a long way!
it left my skin really tacky
holy smokes it's insanely wonderful
i wouldn't recommend it for matte makeup foundation because you're basically wasting the product
i got a bit oilier than usual
as i have outlier skin it really mattifies skin
the texture is insane!!
my skin felt so smooth it's unreal.
the price tag is waaay to out of budget for me
however it does leave my skin a little bit tacky which i don't like
which would be great as i don't like layering a bunch of products on my skin
even without this works fabulously
although it's great for all skin types
the packaging is cute
oh, and not that dry anymore.
surprisingly it really suited me
i rarely make reviews it's is really moisturizing yet light
i also don't feel as though my skin looks as dull
does it's job it's good when you put it in the fridge
convincing myself it was too expensive
it's mild enough that it is okay
i know it's a little on the pricier side
it goes on weird and tacky but dries nice.
i think they're super cute
those suckers are gone now
it's definitely part of my daily routine!
my face went from blah to wow.
the product is basically scentless too.
it it's truly gods gift.
it's well worth it
because it's so yummy i was totally using too much at first
very pricey but it's totally worth it.
it's because of this product
most even it's ever been
i would have just nope the friggin out of here on the first word
it's pricey, but worth it!
makes my skin look it's best
all i have to say is omg it makes my skin feel like silk
if i lost my entire beauty routine in a natural disaster or zombie apocalypse
here's a pic of me with no makeup on.
it's gentle yet incredibly effective
this is definitely great for those lazy days where you've had your makeup on for too long
wouldn't recommend using every day as it feels a tad abrasive
i like that it is gritty
it is not too harsh
it's gentle enough for every day use
plus, it smells so freakin good.
it's worth every dang penny
that's how addictive this thing is.
it's so gentle but works perfectly!
'm really picky when it comes to cleansers
it's gentle enough to use every day
it doesn't lather too much
even though it doesn't lather a lot
i usually don't like
isn't too rough on skin
it's not too citrusy as some of the other comments may imply
it's not very coarse
it's not bad for $9.
it's not bad for $9.
it is kinda expensive though.
oh - and a little bit goes a long way!
for me, it's a staple in my skin regimen.
it's also quite a bit less expensive.
t's even a bigger bummer to have to waste money on it
don't know if it's a factor
doesn't get bitty under make-up
it's the best under-eye product i've used so far.
it still works great because it's not greasy
it is pretty expensive
though my eyes aren't puffy anymore as they've been in the past
at least that's what i've found.
isn't heavy or greasy
so can't vouch for that aspect
i actually think i look weird whenever they've been covered with makeup
i don't have wrinkles yet, so it isn't a concern.
can't say all the puff is completely gone
hate how expensive it is.
this stuff is legit.
i swear it's barely even noticeable now
it's a bit on the pricier side
this stuff is the absolute bomb.
it's not sticky and is the perfect consistency.
i think it's just from the perfect hydration it's been getting
the only bummer is the price
what a difference it's made.
0 ounce just doesn't last long
the price is something to wince at
it's even better than i remembered.
don't have fine lines
so that was cool too
i know it sounds odd
it's a lot better than paying $225
doesn't seem like it bc it's not heavy
wish it wasn't so expensive.
actually it's a little bit greasy for me
it's also winter now
maybe that's from using this product all the time?
to find that in just a cream might be wishful thinking :
all i can say is it's got a really nice texture
those fine lines are gonzo
it's expensive, but a little goes a long way.
although it seems a bit spendy
it's my my favourite way
if i am lazy or it is very humid
perfect for days when you're in a hurry or don't need a perfectly flawless face
it doesn't feel heavy
i feel it's too thick
when i do it's really amazing
what's said in other reviews is true: don't over-blend
as a primer, this doesn't excite me.
it's on the more lightweight side
it's a bit of an odd product to use
it's not my favourite primer
it's just not my fave
it's keeps my dey akin hudrated
i'll certainly say it's great on puffy morning eyes
(i sound ridiculous, but it's that good)!
this stuff is just so yummy!
while it isn't my main
it's actually a little tricky to not "rub this in
so far it doesn't
i overused it a little
i just don't think i love it enough to replace my current hourglass primer
that's my best explanation.
this stuff is expensive
us older gals look so much better with a tad of make up
but lo and behold, that's exactly what it does.
now i see why people praise clarins beauty flash balm
works so well on it's own.
this one isn't completely natural
i think it's too intense for me for daily use
it has made my skin so gorgeous- i don't even need a makeup primer anymore
it's like an instant face lift
my foundation right now is really fabulous it's the chanel vitalumiere aqua
i usually don't wear foundation
i can't believe i only recently found out about this little gem
as a mask, i know it's excellent.
it's awesome and works in a flash!
t is perfect for the summertime
i wouldn't use everyday because it doesn't rea
it's nice when you need a little lift
the only inconvenient thing about using it
your pooping out of no where
it's working so far
if it hasn't seperated it's wonderful.
but that's the only downside.
it's quite foamy when you use it with the clarisonic
it stings soooo badly when it gets into your eyes
the only thing i dislike about it is that it foams up quite a bit
maybe it's just my skin type.
very simple yet chic
which is surprising because i'm a pimply teen
i am pretty picky
my skin is almost completly clear
the shocking thing is i thought my acne would be terrible from all the chocolate cupcakes
it is almost like i never ate those becasue the zits sure didn't pop up
the container is bulky but it works ok.
as if it wasn't bad enough
5 oz sounds like not very much product for a fair amount of money
it's truly a wonderful product.
it's a little on the pricy side
it's actually clearing up
thats to be expected as it's getting rid of all the oils
it's a holy grail for congested
in about a month i didn't have those annoying clogged
i found it refreshing actually
it's worth the money if you've been struggling with acne
while it's not a miracle product
i know it's pricey but it's worth it.
hey us oily folks can dry out quick with the wrong products
it's much more smooth
there's much less breakouts
it is a little pricy but lasts a long time.
as if it wasn't bad enough
as if it wasn't bad enough
t skin care line is the best however it's super expensive
i think it's rich enough to use on combo skin as well
i mean this stuff is already expensive...jeesh!
although it's kinda expensive
it's a little pricey, but it lasts a long time.
i find it is almost like a primer
it's kind of like a heavy serum
use when it's nice
i believe it's alcohol free which is wonderful
it's not horrible either
so refreshing and sooooo worth it
it's much better than vick vaporub
it's a staple for my face
it was sooo soothing
isn't greasy or sticky
it's got good ingredients
when i especially feel super thirsty
he was really reluctant to use "girly stuff
its amazingly refreshing cold
not greasy or tacky feeling
this stuff is my skin savior!
it's excellent after being in the sun
it's my summer vacation staple!
otherwise it's a wonderful product.
it's a little bit heavy
it's still super dry
it's smooth like a rich
a little bit goes a long way so even though it's a tiny tub
but other than that it's great!
even if it's damaged you're reall going to like this product
it's never been terribly acne prone
there isn't a time where my face isn't red.
it's the best night cream i've ever used i think
it's proving to be a little too heavy for the hot az weather
it is rich though
it's perfect for alaskan winter
you may just need some ultra riche in your life
it's an amazing cream that's geared to lock in moisture all day long
as i don't find it to be ultra rich for my uber dry skin
it's got to be the best
it's kind i thick like the shea
it is quiet expensive
you may initially think its a lil on the thick
it's great for spot treatment
it's thick and a little goes a long way.
it's totally worth the money.
switched to this one cuz it was too expensive
it's thick and just a little bit greasy.
it's not as thick
as it is pretty thick
so rating it lower because it's too moisturizing/rich is just ridiculous
it's too heavy for my skin
it's very morsturizing without being too greasy
not at all tacky to the touch
it's very thick, but that's what i needed.
it also didn't make me greasy at all which was nice
complains it smells girly- well duh
id say it's neutral
he's been using quite a few jack black products
he's a weekend weed warrior
he's apparently very happy with this lotion
since he's almost used it all up
which is a very bad habit
he is very picky
i even steal some for my self since the scent is not overbearing
he's hooked on all other jack black products
the thing it seems a some people forget that have written reviews for this product is that it's not icy cold or a5-35
because it wasn't "manly" enough
sexy but not too strong.
i know that sounds hokey, but it's true.
lol this night cream is a bit heavy
feels like it's rich enough to soak in
this is soooooo great.
although it is a bit pricey
i do feel as though it's a little overpriced for daily coverage though
it's a bit oily for me
it's not the best match since its pretty thick
ok let's be real here- this is not a heavy duty winter moisturizer
it is a bit on the pricey side
it is very pricy
it's not too heavy or too light
i just wish it was better suited for some of the harsh brisk nyc weather
it isn't too heavy
i don't think it is heavy
it is a bit pricey
it's almost as if it adds a glow.
so yes, it's pricey.
here's why i think it's worth it: 1
the product isn't too thick
another fave at sephora that doesn't break out my sensitive skin
it's blocking the biggest ager of all too!
i always cringe when i shell out the $65 for this product
yes it is expensive
it isn't greasy & doesn't break my face out.
in the middle of the chicago winter i occasionally feel like it's not enough
this is annoying and messy.
i think it's worth it
even though it's pricey
i can't rave enough.
i like the most that it isn't strong
it doesn't produce a lot of suds which is a good sign
it seems a tad bit different than it use to be
it's still really good
my skin is so beatiful is 100% recomended
it's only for that reason that i don't mind the price
i don't even have combination skin
a little pricey, but totally worth it!
the only reason it's getting 4 stars is that it's costly
it's a bit hard to tell if it's really having an effect on my skin because i am using so many products with vitamin c
as if i didn't have enough in my goodie bag
overall it's a good buy for my combination skin.
it's lightweight, that's what he likes.
it's just the best
it's expensive but works just as well (to me!)
it's a little pricy but so worth it.
i love that it's not greasy
it's one of my favorites from this line of skin care
products pricey but good.
it's not too expensive
the fact that it's less expensive than what i was using is a true bonus
i do feel alittle firming.
i think it's keeping it youthful-looking too
this eye cream is spendy, but it's great.
downside is that it is greasy
i can't say that the skin around my eyes was awful
i am soo not a believer in instant fixes
am super picky bc i want it thick enough to moisturize
it wasn't greasy and went on very smooth.
it may seem a bit pricy for what you get
it's not thick or greasy.
it's like a balm kind of.
now that it's warmer
it's my new favorite
i also see alittle tightning of the skin.
yes i know it's an eye balm
it's not super expensive which i also great
so even though it's pricey
it is a little pricey though.
i don't look tired anymore
let's put it this way
it's also really cooling
it is a bit pricey
it is a bit expensive
as a result i feel quite a bit of the product gets waisted
i don't look tired anymore.
it's the best i've tried so far.
i really do like that it isn't greasy
it is definitely pricey
so maybe this just isn't a match
rich enough but not goopy, it's just perfect.
absorbs a little slow cuz it's quite creamy
i like the “essential-c” cream because it's gentle
haven't seen it's "full" power
it's pricey, but i'm adding it to my regimen.
it is pretty thick
love that it's oil free!
it's oil free, light and goes on well.
that's just my opinion
thusly i'm rediculously picky about my skin care
less greasy version of itself
it's not horrible or offensive
because it's so gentle i can leave it on for quite a bit longer
it's a really nice treat every now
it's not a life changer but i really like it.
winter always makes it 10x worse
it's honestly the best mask i've ever used
you don't look like a green monster
and it's quite possibly my favourite.
the feeling doesn't last too long
this is my ole henriksen routine
this is a funny little mask
it's a bit of a pain to wash off as it's so thick
perfect for mask junkies like me since it's gentle
this mask does really sting while it's on
i feel this is an underrated product by ole henriksen
the only other downfall to this product is that it's a bit difficult to get this stuff off
it's not my favorite mask, but it works well.
it's a little stickier than i'd prefer
it's a necessity especially in winter dry months
really that's the word.
i like this mask because it's soothing.
i can't wear foundation
sometimes i think it is too sensitive
to me it's a very natural
just ugh gross looking old
can feel a bit drippy
smells kind of weird that's why i didn't give it 5-star
yeah this mask might seem like it is expensive
it's a really nice treat for the skin
i wish it doesn't take 20 min to work though it's really isn't a issue
it's prone to be red
i love this mask straight out of the fridge its super refreshing
it's gentle but effective.
it's a quick cure for the winter weather.
it's got a good tingle on it when you put it on too
for the fact that it's gooey
kinda slimy, but feels cool on the skin.
think it's a good bargain
it's getting fairly hot where i live
it's a little bit heavy
it's elusive what it can do
it's not a miracle cream but it does help.
it's thick but that allows you to use less.
it makes your skin feel soooo good
this seems greasy at first
it's my first intro to ptr products
i don't usually have skin to compliment.
stays there for it's benefits
awfully expensive for the average person
a cream that is not hype
it's too pricey for me to use on a regular basis
it's very light yet very effective.
it's rich without being too think
my only complaint is that it is so darn expensive
so here's the deal
it's got awesome ingredients
it's also fabulous for under eye bags
...when they called it "mega rich".
mostly, they've been uncomfortable.
though i think it is expensive
so far it's the best eye cream i've ever tried
i think it's too expensive for what it does
it also wasn't greasy like i expected it to be
a little pricey but a little goes a long way.
since turning 30 i've become pretty paranoid
it's pricey but it works.
although it's also not bad either
it's my new favorite for sure.
i also think it's helping with my breakouts!
it's a bit weird at first
it's suppose to be used nightly
it doesn't have a greasy feel
i wouldn't say it's overpowering
it's just a bit too greasy/film-like
seems to b very restoratvie type of mositurizer
i know that sounds weird
i don't think it's too heavy
kind of pricey but lasts me 5 or 6 months.
night because it's perfect for both
it's well worth it
that's me applying everyday
it's not greasy and a little goes a long way.
this isn't too heavy
it's been truly a god-sent
i honestly can't get enough of this cream it's very lightweight on your face
it's not too thick
it doesn't leave my skin feeling oily yet it's really mousturizing
because it is quite fragrant some people may not be crazy about it
i love this eye cream it's just perfect-not too thick
this one isn't the mask
that's what this stuff does
my skin type is one of the weird ones.
it's been the best i've ever used
don't let the word "lightweight" fool you
it feels very natural too since it's made from yogurt
otherwise it looks messy
it's just not enough
otherwise, it's a great product.
suppose the end results aren't bad-
although this product isn't perfect it's definitely one of the best i've tried
it doesn't have spf
as it seemed way too tacky
oh, yeah: buy this stuff.
here's what i like about it:
i hate paying the crazy price for this little tube of cream
so yeah...$36 later... annoying, but worth it.
feel of this product was kind of funky
no fancy magical anti-aging promises
i just think that is ridiculous.
it is a bit greasy
it doesn't actually feel greasy
it's in be-tween being too light and too heavy.
bags so that's a miracle in itself
it doesn't make me puffy like some
it's a bit thick for the morning
sticky plumpers just look silly
all my expensive stuff was irritating
and surprisingly, it totally did!
i know it's in no way a miracle cure for aging
it doesn't burn and it's not too greasy.
it's the best i've found
way too irritating for me
this is starting to sound like a commercial for mitzi-loo
not irritating at all
it's well named - it's very intensive.
appearance so that's a plus
it's great with cool water
t's an amazing bang for your buck
it's definitely worth the money because it'll last
i guess this sounds like bragging
it's not exactly a pimple war zone
it's crazy to look in the mirror
use it and you'll love it too!
i don't have the crazy shine i used to
really does it's job
because it just got to be messy for me
but it's pretty cheap~
it improved my skin sooo much!
while it is pricey for soap i feel it's well worth it because my skin also feels less tight
it is a little inconvenient to use a bar of soap.
even if you don't use clinique 3-step it's perfect
it's perfect to use after a workout
i find the size very annoying tho so everytime i get a new bar
all in all, it's an amazing product.
duh, this stuff is awesome!
i think the men's line is underrated.
i think it's worth it
i love this product and it's not expensive.
it's not as expensive as others out there
it's getting less and less everyday.
don't know how this would be layered with a primer like urb
i don't know if it's wishful thinking
it's the only one that actually works
my eyes don't seem so tired
i look less tired
it isn't an over night miracle for me
it doesn't sting like other br
that's the only skin care i use
had been using some cheapie drugstore eye cream that was just awful
i like it because it's light weight
i think that's just the ingredients totally killing your acne
i don't feel stupid using moisturizer
and also it's a little bit drying.
the only thing i don't like a bout it is the packaging
maybe a little more if you're wearing a lot of makeup
it 110% does it's job
(just like it's supposed to!).
my only gripe is the flip-top tube.
it's hard to get out
there isn't much on there
it's gentle but does what it's suppose to.
as you're supposed to with the balm
"tacky" if that's the right word
it doesn't get quite all the cheap drugstore makeup for some reason from what i've noticed
it's perfect for my double cleansing routine
it's a little pricey, but so worth it.
it's so moisturizing on its own that it's not always necessary
because it's really overkill for morning face washing
oh, and a little goes a long way.
it's one thing that i have used that is foamy
it makes me sneeze
i don't find that it's drying
it's by far my favorite (and i've used many!)
this stuff lasts forever
it does it's job
man they weren't kidding when they said this stuff foams
plus, it's not that pricy!
wasn't very excited by it since skincare is kind of boring
i just thought it was a mediocre facial cleanser until i started using it for all it's uses
you only need a dime size amount it lathers insanely well
overall, it's like the best clinique product
that's a good thing though.
it is super foamy so a little goes a long way!
it is pretty expensive
i love how it's lightweight
not too crazy expensive like skincare can be
this line from clinique is soooo good!
i like that it is not greasy.
it is a little pricey
what high end eye cream isn't?
it's not that expensive
it's really not heavy enough for night time wear
isn't so rich that it causes milia
it's better than nothing
it's definitely a treat and is very luxurious!
if you're thinking "it's too expensive" just know that a little bit goes a long way
it's super worth it.
isn't sticky or too thick
surprisingly don't have many fine lines anyway--
i look less tired
though--the pot is kind of annoying
this eye cream doesn't promise all sorts of miracles
i mean it's not a miracle worker
i can't say that it works for the dark circles
it's not a miracle wonder product
i don't magically look like a super model
my non-fancy guy loves it.
i like that this one has spf too.
after balking at first because he though is was sissy stuff
he's usually not too dry to begin with
it's exactly the same as the "women's" version
ironic how the 'ladies' version in all br
don't be suckered in to paying for a moisturizer because it is labeled for women
it is a bit pricey
can get flaky when he's stressed out
my hubby doesn't like that thick "lotiony" feel.
he says it's not shiny or greasy.
it doesn't feel like there's an spf in this
he likes it a lot-it's a little greasy
it's gonna sound weird
soft get it's pretty lightweight
i know men don't like oily stuff
he likes to use this product because it's not too creamy
he looks like he's 24/25
it's very lightweight and goes on easily.
ok sooooo i have really sensitive acne prone oily skin an i haven't liked any of the moisturizers i've invested in in the past this works wonders plus for the price compared to others it's worth it an reasonable in my opinion
it's so inexpensive and a little goes a long way.
there's no spf in it
i love this one because even though it's very light
it's definitely a great value
it's unscented which is great because for some reason
overall, it's a great product :)
it doesn't make me oiler than usual
this spring my skin got sooo dry
my skin isn't greasy anymore
but it's totally worth it.
most of them have been bleh
at night it's so lightweight
airy that i hardly feel i added anything excessive
i can't praise this gel enough.
it doesn't really make the skin feel like omg smooth
thought i'd give this a whirl
it's definitely my holy grail.
its pretty basic which isn't a bad thing
it's still my absolute go
simple yet effective no-nonsense formula.
needless to say my skin is a disaster.
i feel like it's sitting
it's not so great for colder weather
it makes my skin soooo smooth.
my only qualm is that since it's winter it doesn't provide enough hydration
it's my holy grail for sure
it's defiantly not a heavy cream
it can get so oily it's just plain embarrassing
it's perfect for oily skin.
that seems to be ok
because it's just a mask
it's lovely, but not something on my short list.
it's cooling when it goes on
i really think it's helping my dry spots
because i feel prettier when i use them plain
this mask doesn't disappoint.
it is a little more slimy than i like
it's a great everyday face mask
this mask is so refreshing
so easy and quick to use.
i also think it's expensive, but worth it.
it's totally worth it in my opinion
i feel it is a little bit overpriced
just wish it wasn't so expensive :(
i feel like it's a bit expensive
it usually gets flaky, red and just icky overall.
it's a lot less dry
this does wonders it kinda smells like my gr
i kinda like that
(can't imagine that being harmful).
it is pricey but i think it's worth it.
thought it would be gimmicky
the price point is kinda high
it's does add a certain luxury
it is super refreshing
i just wish it wasn't so expensive
it's an odd color
it's a nightmare all around.
4 oz it's really not that bad
it is quite pricey.
it's light, refreshing and lasts all day.
i like how there isn't a string crazy sunscreen scent to this product
it's light enough for daily use
no white film, not greasy...it's simply the best.
i don't think it's unpleasant
it's not sticky either!
alittle bit goes a long way.
i like it because it's not sticky
it works out well for summer because it's lightweight
it was no bueno
it isn't as messy
t really isn't bothersome to me
it's definetly worth the money.
love this product since it is absolutely non-greasy
it's not at all heavy
it's very light and not at all greasy.
i love how this one just takes off mascara like bam
it's such a great value.
it's not the most ideal for my routine
it's perfect for men
but it's a great product.
its totally goof proof
this balm honestly takes off all my freakin makeup
that's a big deal to me
makes it sooo easy to take off
it's just the best
which i mean , is always a plus lol.
honestly i've been watching makeup gurus taking they're make up with this balm
great simple product that is not greasy.
other than that, it's perfect.
basically i was a total snob thinking "look at all those people spending more money on the same thing
it legit gets everything off
doesn't feel overdrying or irritating
other than that, it's amazing!
it's extremely easy to use
it's just an annoying little side effect
it's really difficult to remove
you'll find that it's so easy to use
products i don't feel greasy or oily it's definitely the best
even the they're real mascara that's normally so hard to get off
idk that's waaayyy longer than i expected
there's not really a film just a super healthy softness i'm cryyyyying
honestly i have a combo oily tzone
plus this stuff lasts forever!
i still have my decadent fca at night ;)
it's thicker than most
it has a nice consistency- you don't have to use much which means it's worth the price
that's the only benefits i got from it
i don't really have dark circles anymore
since it's rather expensive
i wouldn't recommend it for taking off makeup bc it is pretty light
it wasn't pop-able
i really like the spf it's really great to use during the day
i still like this cream because it's gentle
i especially like that it has spf
because its a bit expensive
at first i thougt it was a little sticky
they aren't completely gone
although it's a bit pricey
i think it's worth it
i prolly won't purchase a full size because the smell was a bit unpleasant to me
it's strangely fun to use
i wouldn't say its the best but it's pretty good.
i don't think it's great for heavy makeup
this cleanser was too "ok" for even me to justify the price
maybe another time lol.
that's the perfect amount
although my skin isn't too bad
just making you feel pure :
can't say enough good thing about caudalie brand!
it's actually pretty lightweight
i little annoying for a product of this line
maybe it was just this bottle too
this is it -- and it's all natural.
the pump isn't that good
it's really gentle, yet effective as it claims!
plus, it's almost 100% natural.
i live in a humid environment so that's rare
love how it's so gentle
i do think it is a bit pricey
it's an easy to use
i've heard all about how it's sls free
but, both products have awful awful packaging.
other than that it's great
it is a bit pricey
after using it just instantly my skin gets soooo smooth
when it's on your face
it doesn't exactly lather
i got the $17 size and it's so worth it.
let's get real about cleansers.
it's still the same
you get a loooot of product
the pore coverage isn't 5-star anymore
as it's extremely mattifying
although i think it's still worth it at this point
no exaggeration i used to squeeze them super hard
it just wasn't for me
it'd be nice to read in these reviews to know the weather of one's environment
a boon for us gals with oilier skin
kinda reminds me of a gr
another thing i noticed is that it's a darker nude
it's a pretty good product
it's the best thing that's happened in my own makeup history
that's what i wear daily
it's not heavy or greasy
it's so luxurious to the touch
this is obviously pricy
there's only a couple of primers that i really love
i love this stuff it's like a powder
if i am a little shiny
thanks to so many reviewers commenting on the "stupid pricing" dr
that's all the "coverage" i need
it feels sooo luxurious
i definitely think it's been controlling my shine
it's like a dream come true
so that isn't so much of an issue
if you're super oily
i can wear it alone w a little blush
it's my go-to primer now!
it is very expensive though.
it's on the expensive side
which is absolutely ridiculous
it's a winner for me!
i don't use it very often
the one thing i don't like is the packaging
this product is a bit pricey
just proves it's worth it to pay more for skin are than makeup
the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because it is so pricey
seems to plumb up my wrinkles so they don't show so much
yet my t-zone is incredibly oily with pretty nasty breakouts
i think it's promising
a bottle lasts forever too
a bit pricey, but definitely worth it to me.
yes it is expensive
it's very lightweight, perfect under makeup!
it's a little on the expensive side for how much product you actually get
i know it's airtight for quality reasons
that's my cable bill right there!
just beware: there isn't much in that package
it's a little pricey but its worth it.
i really don't like the price-it's a lot more than some other good moisturizers
i wouldn't call it greasy
i only wish it wasn't quite so fragranced
even though it's not the best for my skin
that's why i use this product.
it's not all that easy to find
it is on the pricy side but it lasts a long time.
no more drugstore stuff for me
it's doesn't strip your skin of it's moisture
so far it seems nourishing
its not sticky anymore i suppose it was trying to get tid of the bad stuff on my skin
fairly fussy with very dem
it is alittle pricy
i don't look "tired"
tacky when first applied
it is a little expensive
i like the idea of a serum that also does eyes--let's see if it's true
even though the serum is a bit pricey
that's no longer the case
it is not irritating.
it's a little bit expansive to buy it alone
i am just a sucker for samplers i guess
hope so since it is pretty pricey.
the dispenser only gives you a smidge at a time
omg i can't even say how amazing this smells.
now that it's hot
beneath my usual primer it's worked great
it's amazing that it's lasted this long.
that's pretty huge for me.
it's a little sticky for that
i do think i've seen some refreshing of my skin-- it's a little clearer
my only quibble is the scent-- it's a bit on the strong side
my skin is the best it's ever been
i've rarely found one that is worthy of crowing about
and it's safe around the eyes!
i don't get shiny
the spf is no joke
a bit pricey but definitely worth it.
i didn't expect such high performance from this unassuming little jar
i like the fact that it has spf 30.
it's light enough for the summer
the down is that it's a little small
but if used sparingly it's a great product!
it's my 1 product i can't live without
it's probably too heavy for really oily skins
it isn't greasy at all.
it's thick but lightweight.
don't have to worry about getting shiny
it's awesome for the summer when u need that extra protection
it's just an awesome product.
this is great for that, and it's not heavy.
that's a good size spf
love this product cause it's light weight
sometimes it's hard to get out of the jar
i love that it's spf 30
it's really a great product
only bad thing is that it is expensive.
i think it's way overpriced
it's just so exspensive that i can't quite bring myself to buy it
this is the best thing he's found for it
so yes, it's a bit pricey, but well worth it!
it's amazing all around.
yes it's pricey, but it's worth it.
it is a little expensive.
it's better to use a very little
it wasn't too harsh
it's pricey but i love it.
great product just a little pricey!
it's a little pricey though.
it's great product for all skin types.
it's like a primer and treatment in-one!
this stuff is pretty expensive
so just think... this one is 1.7 oz.
it's my favorite multi-tasker!
it never feels heavy or greasy, amazing stuff!
this stuff is impossibly good
since it's so thin that a little can go a long way
that's why i'm only giving it 4 stars.
it is pricey but it's worth it to me.
my skin isn't even dull so for me to see such an improvement
it's great too and not as heavy.
goldilocks would say that this is a well balanced product
i wish it wasn't so pricey
i admit it is very expensive
because sometimes it seems like my skin is impossible to satisfy
my bf is into natural stuff as well
so don't feel bad
although this line is a little more spendy
the price is a shocker
it was too heavy for me
expensive but i think it's worth it.
it's expensive, but a little goes a long way.
i don't have circles.
a little expensive, but it's worth it.
and yes, it is very expensive.
it's literally a miracle in a bottle
i know its pricy
she doesn't seem to age
there's something special about it.
i know it's pricey but it lasts long.
it's just so cleansing
just used it and wow!!!!
thus giving it a little sudsy look
it's for the face.
so saying "burned my eyes" isn't really fair.
a lot of clinique's products seem gigantic in comparison
i am usually taken for 40-ish
t wasn't that big of a deal
sunscreen etc wasn't totally coming off
it's not very foamy
summer because it's lightweight
i like the fact that this isn't greasy at all
since it's not heavy at all
my face isn't super shiny
i like the lightweight feel
that's good enough for me
it's hard to get the cream out of it
it's not thick or heavy
it's a bit pricey but worth it to me now
it's so nice i've been catching my boyfriend using it too
it's a nice lightweight product
it isn't as rich as i thought
this night cream is very luxurious yet not as heavy
greasy as i was expecting
i'd like to believe it's the reason my skin looks as supple as it does
it's worth it to have soft skin
it isn't greasy feeling nor does it cause breakouts
that's just not true
that's enough for me.
don't be fooled by the little jar
it's a relatively thick consistency
it's very rich and luxurious.
this nite cream feels so good not over sticky
okay now i sound like i represent this cream
invest $50 cuz it's worth it!
this is just perfect for chicago winter.
i love that it's not heavy, but really works.
it's very light weight
i assumed it was kind of a gimmick.
it's probably not actually changing fine lines
it's not too thick or heavy
there's no spf coverage
i love that it's light
it was sooooooooooo heavy
it sounds like a contradiction to say it's lightweight
it's light enough for day
it isn't as heavy as a lot of them
one star was lost as it's a bit too rich for my combination skin
it's a great night time product.
i seem to have a little bit of
i love this stuff because it's a miracle fix for my skin
it's especially good for nighttime use
oh, and a little goes a long way too.
i think it's okay
i am so fickle with makeup
can't love this eye cream enough.
use this at night because it's really really thick
it's lasted a pretty long time
i don't look exhausted
it's very thick, a little goes a long way!!!
i feel so luxurious wearing it!
it's pricey, but well worth the $$.
it is really expensive
a little goes a looong way
it is definitely greasy
not to mention how incredibly smooth
indeed it is pricey, but it really works.
the only downside is it's incredibly small
it's a bit heavy for daywear.
it's the only kind i buy.
i used a little bit
its a bit greasy but nothing you can't handle
i will say that this is a little bit greasy
it's a little too much for daytime.
even though it's a thick cream
can't attest to it's wrinkle-fighting capabilities
too rich for day
it's the best i've tried
nothing beats my usual routine
the only con is it's pricey for only 30 sheets.
ridiculously expensive, but i love them.
other than that, it's a great product!
using the shiseido sheets was a little bit of luxury in an otherwise un-glamorous time
refreshing -- perfect for new moms or as a get well gift
they are a little pricey
perfect if you're too lazy to remove your makeup
even tho it is regular
it's a little big for my purse
i wouldn't say it's very effective at controlling oil
i like that it's lighweight
only use this when it's extremely hot
all in all, it's a decent product.
it's exactly how it's advertized
it's not really worth it
if you're oily/combo this will be amazing for you
the shiseido ones are awesome btw
it's very light weight
i really like this for the summertime
i didn't feel shiny or slimy after using it
i love it because it is so fresh and lightweight.
which is supposed to be so lightweight---i couldn't even feel it
it's not as dry as they say it is
he's not oily-type
too bad it's out of stock right now
since it's getting cold here
it's a tad bit dryer/mattier than i like
have weird skin that tends to be crazy oily
tons of different kinds that promise oh so much
i definitely don't think that's a bad thing
a full pump is way overkill.
its the best thing that's ever happened to my oily skin
love the fact that it's natural as well.
it's so easy to absorb
isn't greasy or heavy at all
because that's when i started using this
it doesn't feel heavy at all.
it's non-greasy and it's so lightweight.
the fact that it's lightweight helps
it's really refreshing too.
it doesn't feel greasy at all.
it's very light and feels cool on your face.
so far, this one's the best.
it's been kinda a dry one
that's all it really does
it's kinda like a b student
except that my combo skin is unbearably dry less often
a little bit too moisturizing cuz it makes my skin kinda oily
it's not greasy at all.
i don't like the packing of this product.
it doesn't cause breakout
price sucks, but for me it's worth my money.
it's for dry-er skin
it is a but pricey but a little goes a longg way!
it's not too heavy
it's worth it in my opinion
now that it's winter
i think there's a review that says it's not meant for young skin
my skin still isn't perfect
although it's not a miracle
since it's quite rich
it's probably more of a night cream
it is very rich so you don't use a lot of the product
it is a little pricey
the stuff lasts forever
it's absorbed quickly so there's no greasy look at bedtime
it's not as heavy as i thought it would be
it's like a better version of the old benefiance.
thought about this classic cream from shiseido
i believe it'll be a bit too oily for summer
s down it's the best
i started using this product overnight to give me that wonderfully glowy
in the winter, it's not too much for me.
the only dowonside is it even though it's lightweight
even though it is a bit expensive
it's perfect for dry skin
it's truly a miracle cream for me
i actually feel like it's quite rich
like it's very concentrated
i only use at night because it's so expensive.
it is concentrated, so you don't need gobs of it!
t's really not that expensive
something my dully flaky skin had long forgotten
maybe it's also cause we're asian
it's pricey, but a bit goes a long way.
that's not too strong
it's already more than enough
guess combo hahaha thanks nose
but it's kinda dry for dry skin.
it lathers up awesome
this is a staple for me
it's worth the money cause a little goes a long way
if you're skin is oil, this stuff is good.
but it's just kind of dry.
i know this tube is going to last me a long time because only a tiny dollop on my clarisonic mia goes on my whole face
then reality hit- it's expensive for a cleanser that i would use 2 times a day
this isn't a "splurge" when you look
when putting on my face it is soo smooth
it was funny too watch, though).
it's an amazing product.
i mean squeaky clean
it doesn't feel heavy
but it's the best i've tried so far.
it doesn't feel greasy at all
it's not greasy or heavy
plus theres no huge heavy scent like in a lot of other br
excellent, but a little too pricy
because it's fast absorbing
this product is a little pricey
this one is so light you don't even feel like it's on
let's see i just used few days
it is so creamy, but it's good for winter.
i can tell it's lightening my skin
i know its a bit expensive
i don't mind since it's a night cream
it's very rich which is good for my dry skin esp in harsh winter
it's not a miracle cure for dark circles
little goes a loooong way
i've tried so many duds
and it's reasonably priced for eye cream.
they aren't completely gone
i don't think it's meant for dark circles
it's non-greasy, smooth and does what it says!
let's hope this works!
flakey this isn't helping
but i don't think it's super super great.
it's good, i would say.
i didn't feel the need for a bunch of expensive anti-aging ingredients
turns out it's mainly genetics
it's not too heavy
it's a bit too runny
doesn't seem to strip it of it's moisture
it's gentle yet does it's job at cleansing
thought it sounded like it wouldn't cause me to breakout
it's foamy, but not overly so.
it's not a really foam-producing product
i cannot rave about this product enough.
it is a litte pricey
alittle goes a long way
alittle goes a long way.
know it's not stripping the skin
it's perfumey and pretty strong.
it's perfect for my skin
it's worth feeling this clean
especially since it's supposedly much more economical in the uk
it's on the pricey side
it's worth giving it a try
it's almost completely gone
it's starting to make me clear up a little
because that's my preference
it's so gentle but it is beyond effective.
best of all it is icky-free
as it doesn't lather much
it's totally worth the results
i wouldn't say this is a bad cleanser at all
it doesn't have all those darn parabens
it's a godsend, no breakouts anymore.
i love the fact that it's all natural.
i hope this isn't starting to sound like one of those late night infomercials
it isn't really foamy
this doesn't leather as much as i would like
this is sooo good!
kind of a bit annoying tbh.
for my purposes, it's the best i've tried.
i can so far say that it's definitely gentle
i like that it's all natural
i love that it's not perfumey
i just wasn't used to it
especially now that it's getting colder
the weather in so cal is unbearably dry
has made winter juuuuust a bit more manageable
that's amazing for your skin
it really seems to be the final umph!
it's actually a "healthy" product
just because it's gentle
some people might say it's almost oily
it has like a light cooling sensation like there's mint or something like that in it
which was a little weird
t wasn't perfect for me
it's probably the gentlest i've found so far.
it's not harsh at all
it's not greasy like some br
i love that it's like a liquid
also, it's kind of pricy.
t's nice that the amount dispensed isn't too much
you're not wasting product
big fan of ren's line as it's truly natural
a plus is that this little tube lasts forever
i also love the fact that it's not greasy like a lot of eye products
like it wasn't firm or something
it's simply the best eye product i've ever used.
it goes on with a cool ing sensation
it's a pick-me-up product
that's not a big problem with me
there's no good way to control that
or maybe that's just me.)
dispenses too much product if you aren't super careful
it's not too heavy yet it's very rich
all that bad stuff it is okay
my skin looks sooo much better after 1 week!
it's an awesome combination
wishin a few minutes it's soaks in a bit
only downside is that it's pricey.
but it goes on like buttah
it is a bit pricey
plus it's free from all those nasty ingriedients.
it nice and rich but doesn't feel oily.
simple un-fussy packaging
it's something i enjoy
it's just the right level
the only thing i don't like is the packaging.
it's perfect for my extreme crazy sensitive skin
spendy, but well worth it in my opinion.
is not one bit greasy
honestly i think it's pretty mild
great product- best of all it's non irritating.
it feels luxurious but not heavy which i love.
i really like this product because it's simple
that's how it is
plus it's one of the more natural lines out there
wasn't heavy or goopy
not horrid, but i just didn't like it.
i guess this just wasn't heavy enough?
i think it's a great product!!!
but that's just my opinion!!!
as it's a night cream i really don't mind it
i just wish it weren't soo expensive.
wish it wasn't so expensive
it's all filled with super good things for my skin
love that it's natural
it's like a magic trick
i initially bought the glam glow mask because of all the hype around the product
it wasn't bad, but it is a lil too drying for me.
makes it sooo smooth
remember, a little bit goes a loooong way!
packaging isn't my favorite
definitely think it's worth a try
t is quite annoying
i love using this product with the ain't misbehavin' spot treatment
that's actually a good thing because that means it's working long after you're done washing
i gave it four stars because the packaging is a tad inconvenient
most importantly, it's not super drying.
only taking a star away because the new packaging is wack
it gets very messy.
packaging doesn't bother me except the applicator is very tedious
now i don't feel much besides maybe a little bit of tingling
it's a heavy glass bottle that's is definitely not travel friendly
my skin wasn't terrible
it's not that bad!
this stuff is the truth!
it's way too harsh
where it's very dry
i wouldn't say it's very good at removing makeup
i can't believe it's me
it just got all chunky
it's pretty fast acting
i found that dermadoctor's ain't misbehavin' had great reviews
they're virtually all gone.
none have worked like the ain't misbehavin'
i don't have "perfect skin"
it is a little expensive
it is sooooo worth it
it's not too intense
it was normal, or well on it's way.
at first i hated the fact there aren't any bubbles
my acne it's not so bad anymore i'm very happy
it's doing it's purpose
it's doing it's purpose
it's almost weird how clean it makes my face
it's not a huge bottle
s this little guy
yes it's not a lot of product
kinda pricy but wow!
yes, one week, folks.
now that i'm in my 30s it's so frustrating to still be getting breakouts
the ain't misbehavin line saved my skin.
it's an amazing product.
sounds kinda kooky but it's true.
you're only making it worse
my skin isn't perfect yet
it's better than ever
i started out using the ain't misbehavin face wash
while it is a bit pricey
it's a good quality product
it's getting worse the older i get
it is super stinky while it's drying
this is the most annoying part
its a bit pricy for a tiny bottle
maybe tights too much your skin
my only gripe is the cap.
i felt so ugly
it's not that pricy because you really don't need much
there's been nothing like this product!
i really like that it's safe to use every day
yet it still scrubs amazing
it's no miracle product for breakouts
-this product isn't necessarily meant for acne
creamy ones don't feel like its doing enough
sorry for the long winded review
there's no messy aspect to the texture
it just makes it inconvenient
it's gentle enough for me to use daily
it's gentle enough for daily use while not being too rough or irritating
it's so gentle that i can use it every day
n doing a comparison i think the purity is very nice
i can't use it everyday thar is why i gave it 4 stars
if you experience small breakouts it's normal
still works it's magic
get rid of all that junk
i am taking off a star for the texture of the product that always seems like a gimmick to me
it's not for everyone
can't even tell that it's in it
it really drinks this up
i realize this serum is uber-pricey
since it's so pricey
it's worth it to me
even though it is embarassingly expensive
the price scares me a bit
i took off one star because it's fairly expensive
which is somewhat stressed because we're on vacation
all in all, i'd say it's a winner.
but that's the one that works for brutal winters!
this is a no frills
i think it's very important that it's in a tube because if it was in a jar
i took out a start because of it's a little pricey for such a small bottle
i cannot rave enough about this product!
it is somewhat expensive
it's hard for a product junky like me who has used la mer
thought way overpriced of course
it's my entire routine that's been keeping my skin in decent shape
there are no fancy packaging bells
it is a little expensive
for now it's perfect for me
isn't too heavy on my skin
it's not too thick, and let's my face breath.
think it works perfectly for me- it's not too much
yes it was pricey
it is rich but not greasy.
i like this product because of the way it's packaged
the only reason i am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because it's pricey for the size
it is a bit pricey
it's so light and goes on so smooth.
it's nice to know it's got antioxidants in it to help me out at well
this stuff lasts forever!
it's expensive for not much in the container
i think it's worth it for great skin
boy the peeling just wouldn't seem to stop
it's worth the cost when my skin look good
don't require a lot of "extras"
the tube doesn't last very long
it's just too expensive for me to purchase.
the mega cream was feeling too mega rich for me
it is not too rich
i really love to get these ptr sets because they have a perfect sized deluxe jar of that stuff
it is so pricey plus it's one of those bottles you can't open up to use every last drop
i bet there's still loads of product at the bottom
it's a good eye cream
all the hype that sorrounds it
i don't think it's a miracle cream
really don't like the packaging
it's not as good as i expected
somewhat pricey yes, but very well worth it.
it's very light weight
it's the best i've used so far
it's a little pricey but it is worth it.
friendly tip: when the pump doesn't dispense product anymore
which is rather refreshing
perhaps my combination skin wasn't the right type for this
i didn't get shiny at all
i don't feel oily or slimy anymore.
it's very light weight
it's not very pleasant
i know that seems weird to add oil to an oil free product
it doesn't totally mattify my skin though
it's worth it to me
it's not greasy at all
this one is pretty darn close.
now that it's getting a bit colder
it's not for winter
the packaging is cute
pricy but oh so worth it!
i don't feel icky during the day.
a bit pricy but worth it.
i love that they're oil free
it's not too oily
doesn't have spf so can't give it 5 stars
zits which i don't think is fair
it's light weight and oil free and i love it!
another bonus is that it isn't greasy.
i don't find it too greasy at all
even though it's the summer
t lasts for awhile
it's great for dry winters
it's light when you put it on
it's expensive but worth it.
i like so far.
lancome it's my favorite brand.
serious, it's utterly amazing.
glowy for 24 hours is awesome
!it's perfect for the winter.
i usually don't believe in big br
i don't know why i complicated my skincare routine
it's gentle enough on my skin even when i don't have any breakouts
i love how it's a foam
i love that it's a foam
it's not squeaky clean in the tight
still break out which is rather annoying
as long as you use a good moisturiser it's no problem
it's the red one
it's better as a system!
i've made the dumb choice to not be using it
it's pretty gentle and no harsh sent to it.
that's the cleanser doing it's thing
as i learned it's not
i wouldn't say it's the best hydration mask
that's what's removing a lot of my bb
it's so gentle yet effective.
it is a little pricy for the bottle
it's not greasy or heavy
it's not "bouncy" at all
it's still worth it to me
it's the only one i've tried that's really effective against 'lurkers
yes it sounds weird
that is really dumb
that's the only reason for the 4 stars
it seems to have lost it's potency
it's so easy to use
i'd probably say it's one of the best
then i changed to this and it's perfect for me.
when i get lazy
at least one nasty zit will make an appearance reminding me not to be slacker
this product stays true to it's description.
it's still awesome, though pricey.
i don't end up with raw
$15 really isn't that bad
it actually isn't too drying
no matter how ugly my acne looks like.
doesn't leave that weird white finish that most products do because they're made for pastier folks
hooray for a product that actually worked!
it's gone so quickly!
it wasn't a big deal
it's called emergency for a reason.
a lil goes a long way
being this stuff was pricey
it wasn't anything some moisturizer couldn't fix
why this isn't a 5 star product
if you're like me then this stuff works like a charm
i know it sounds like a lot
think it's worth it
yes it is sticky
let's be honest with ourselves: everyone's skin is different
it's not too bad
to me it's totally worth it to get rid of the marks i hate so much
i think it's a great little product
and i'm 14 btw so my skin is kind of sensitive.
let's call it semi-regularly.
i wouldn't say it's a miracle worker.
but if you're patient...it's well worth it.
that this product is a bit pricey
i just couldn't make this 5 stars because it's still so early
i don't feel so self-conscious when i'm not wearing make-up at the gym
it's very sticky feeling
i am a little clumsy in my application
it's great for t zone, which is prone for oil.
overall sooo worth the money
it's expensive but you don't go through it fast.
pretty pricey, but seems to be working so far.
i think it's worth the money
it even seems like it's healing my acne a bit too
it's completely worth it
i shouldn't be getting anymore acne"
that's where this stuff comes in!
it's impressive enough that i would actually buy the product once my sample runs out
it is pretty pricey
that's cleared as well
another thing that's worth mentioning is that the main ingredient
they're perfect for his oily
i still shameless buy this toner
i hate the cheap stuff my husb
these are just plain great
it's definitely making its way into my normal routine
their no nonsense beauty regime
this was more manly i guess since its made specifically for men
this is the one that he's used the most
it's the only product he nags me to buy.
they might seem a little pricey
it's a hard feeling to describe
i only spend this kind of money on skincare when it's really good
it's pricey for how much product you get
impressed it's lasted that long
thought it'll be too harsh
however it's worth every pennie
the spots are soooooo much lighter
which is a bit outrageous to me
i know it is pricy
i figured that's just marketing
think it's worth it
it seems like a small bottle
so this cream really isn't for me
i like it so far doesn't feel to heavy.
thankfully, this one is it!
it is very rich so i was a bit clogged up.
it's bit heavy for the night
it feels like an indulgence on the nights when i do use it
-1 star because its so pricey
though it's in such a tiny package
it's very good product i ever been used it.
it's the best product i have ever used!
it's thick, so a little goes a long way.
i recognize that it is indeed pricey
just wish it wasn't so expensive
love that a little goes along way given it's price tag
i think is from a bad batch-- it was thick
it's packed with awesome ingredients
though ptr is pricey
so i have "meh" skin.
wish it wasn't so expensive.
it's just a perfect cream
although it is quite expensive
it doesn't have dimethicone which i think is awful for skin
it is very pricey
my skin isn't perfect by any means
it sill bothers me
i also love that it comes w it's own soap dish container thing
that's kind of a waste to keep getting all these soap dishes that aren't needed
my face isn't 100% clear
the residue isn't even bothersome
it's the pink stuff that comes in a jar
there's still a huge amount of it left
i love that it's not super drying
not to mention more expensive
i've stocked up on these like crazy!
even though it's kind of drying
it's awesome totally worth it it's gonna take me a while to finish it
even then it's like two spots max
it gets my face sooooo clean!
the soap isn't slimey
it's great for the chest
i don't have terrible skin
it's working so far
it comes with a cute case for it
my skin still isn't perfect
it's affordable and it works.
it's not completely clear
it's perfect for my skin
it's obvious the bar will last a really long time
i know a wierd combination.
it's really reduced my breakouts
it's gentle, but effective.
it's the best i've ever used
it's very lightweight and refreshing.
overall it's very nice
it's not a deal breaker
it's truly a hidden gem at sephora.
on for about 6 years there's nothing like it
the center of my face is sooooo dry
i find this way makes me less flaky
it's honestly the best.
it is a little pricy
while i wouldn't say it's a wonder product or a miracle worker
i kinda like it actually because since my face is oily
best of all it isn't harsh
maybe im using too little
i like it, but it's nothing too special.
it doesn't feel filmy at all
not irritating at all
needless to say i have a pretty bad breakouts when the red devil comes to visit
i don't breakout very often
it's light, non greasy and doesn't burn.
it proves that it works to keep the crud at bay
at 35 dollars a pop it isn't cheap
overall, it's a safe bet!
it's good for your skin overall
it's mild enough that it won't dry me out
ok, cheesy yes, but true.
they don't come cheap
now there's no more bumps
i also love that it's an all natural product
i don't have bad skin
i know it's pricey
for me it's completely worth it
oh and a little goes a long way.
which generally isn't a good idea with skin as sensitive as mine
i've ended up loving it though--it's very gentle
i feel it's worth mentioning
wouldn't say it's an especially good value
it's gentle enough for me to use morning
but maybe a little too gentle.
in the winter it's even worse
funny how many of them sting
it's kept me from looking like a lobster
i like it it's creaming
since i don't really like how the tube dispenses
it's gone in a day
i can use blush again
this stuff feels sooo good on the skin.
feel that it's a good value
great combination of not too heavy nor too light.
this cream doesn't make me breakout
pricey, but it really works.
it's effectiveness is just ok
a little goes a long way & it's a large jar.
meh aside from it smelling a bit like my local bottle depot it doesn't really seem like anything to write home about
i love the coverage and it is not too greasy.
it's not lightweight but it's not heavy either.
t doesn't leave my skin tacky
it's already calming it
i wasn't expecting a miracle with this cream.
by far, it's the best one.
i love everything about this cream: it's rich
for some odd reason
other than that, it's a great product!
now that it's getting colder
it's a wonderful night cream.
gentle enough for a newbie
it's made to be rinsed off so eh
ok this stuff is weird
i got this mask and oh.
this isn't getting a perfect score because it didn't give me the flawless
i typically hate masks because it's such a hassle
it's really nice and gentle.
my scaring like it says
i mean it's so soft
it's actually kind of mindblowing how my texture is always gone when i wash it off
maybe some kind of post-apocalyptic
it's an amazing mask
it's a good product to use when you get blemishes popping up
after buying it again decently i don't underst
just wish it wasnt so pricey
it's not a miracle product
it's totally worth it
this stuff was so gentle
it's like i just got a facial
i didn't read it wasn't for sensitive skin
it wasn't like, "wow!"
it's a bit of an issue to wipe off.
to mix in with plain
it's not an overnight miracle
i notice that some of the complaints are that it's messy
it's better than oh truth serum
it's a bit difficult to h
although it is a bit messy
the only downside its it's very messy i wished it would come up with a better bottle design maybe like a shaker perhaps
it is a little awkward to use
it seems so ridiculous right!
it's worth the effort
it's really not all that cumbersome
i appreciate it's not liquid
so stop whining and get mixing!
lol, i totally think it's worth a try.
!but it stings like crazy when i use it.
the reason i didn't give it five stars is because dispensing it with the little scoop is a bit cumbersome
yes it's a bit pricey, but it will last forever.
i think it's really starting to even out my complexion
using it can be slightly tedious
i wouldn't say this product is magical
overall it's a great product.
it's truly as good as the reviews claim.
it really is a buster.
it's one of my most favorite
won't be without this gem!
it really perks up my skin!
i love this eye cream it's perfect.
just from a little itsy bitsy bit.
he's said wow you look so youthful around your eyes today
it's expensive but a little goes a long way.
now i don't feel self conscious about my dark circles when im not wearing make up
but it is useless for dark circles.
my diet isn't exactly the best
they're a bit hollow most days
my dark circles arent completely gone
guess it's obviously doing something
it's meant to brighten and it does!
it's definitely worth a try!
love it and it's lasted me forever!
it does seem pricey
i got this on a whim, it's outstanding.
thought i'd give it a whirl
it's amazing doesn't leave me feeling greasy
i like it because it's lightweight yet great before makeup or bed
it's just naturally soft?
it's so refreshing on the skin i feel soooo good when i put it all over my face
it's great for morning
my only negative is that there's no spf
it's quite excellent for normal use
it's very light weight
it's good for all skin types!
it feels soft and isn't dry anymore.
because it's a bit too sticky for a few hours
it is sooo lightweight
you've got combo skin like me
it's not too heavy
i love how it's oil free.
a bit pricey for my taste
it's a little pricey but so worth it.
it's perfect for both the summer
it's the perfect end to my skin care routine
this stuff is a lifesaver
which is my usual skin reaction to something that's upsetting it
it's amazing in my combination skin.
i don't wanna jinx it
it's moisturizing but dang that price tag tho.
a little goes a loooong way
it doesn't make me super greasy
it's a rare product indeed that catches me off guard
isn't a problem at all--it's not exactly perfumey
a little bummed about how expensive these products are
this stuff is luxurious
i've read most people's concerns with this is it's "greasy" or "makes me look like an oil slick
doesn't feel greasy at all
i wish it was airtight.
i think it's the only perricone product that smells decent
this is pricey, but really nice.
since it's so expensive
it's like having good lighting all the time.
it's the only thing that remotely resembles a moisturizer that comes anywhere near my face
i love the fact its not greasy.
after that it's wonderful
it's lightweight and feels really good on.
it's pricey but worth it.
it wasn't bad to being with
this product is true to it's claims.
isn't heavy or greasy
i know it's pricey, but worth it.
always cringe at the price
it's so powerful, yet gentle.
that's just personal preference
i love this cleanser so much that it's worth it for me
also, that's what keeps me at a vib rouge ahahah.
like all perricone products it is a bit pricey
oh, and there's a lot of it!
it's just not as good as perricone
don't expect big lather.
i love this face wash as it's gentle
otherwise it's a fine product
if that's not one of your favs you won't like this
i feel it's not a bad investment
shameless ploy to get you to use too much!
lathers wonderfully, so you can use very little.
it's doing just that
it's gentle enough that i can use daily
i think it's my favorite perricone product
it's my miracle product
even though it is quite pricy
not because it isn't good
because it's kinda expensive
it's not a problem for me
i know it is expensive
i love that it's lightweight
it's not the perfect eye treatment for me
i feel it's expensive
i know it's pricey but it's well worth it.
it is a little expensive
the lines aren't totally gone
which seems to be okay
but oddly enough i like it.
it is a little expensive
my skin has always been insanely oily
it's no big deal for me
only complaint is that it doesn't sud enough
i love how sudsy this gets
this is a little pricey
it's hard to tell if that's due to the weather warming up
it's not even that bad
don't feel too tight
it's on the combination/oily side
that's how i found this product
it doesn't seem to cleanse quite as well
the new pump seems a little flimsy
it's pricey, but it goes a long way.
whoa......best eye cream i've used in forever.
it's nice to know all my makeup is off between the two products
what it's doing for my skin
i know it's expensive
im not sure if it's really worth the price tag
so far it's been great
cannot say this was in that catagory
it just doesn't wow me
the only downer is the price.
even saw some scary looking bra thingies you're supposed to wear at night
it's mid-movember in the midwest now
i think it's too wonderful to keep quiet about it
it's the only face product i use
this is a little awkward
it's worth it to me.
i'd give this five starts if it weren't so darn expensive
so that's saying something
i think it's worth it
it's certainly too expensive to waste
it's such a great product to use to start my mornings feeling fresh
f you're not into that kind of smell
it isn't irritating to my skin to do so
once that's done i use this
i gave it 4stars not 5 only because it's kinda pricey
honestly like farts idk
aren't being too harsh
it's not too expensive.
it's so gentle but effective
it's my favorite of all
it smelt soooooo good
actually the whole ole henriksen line
it's worth the wait
guys srsly worth every penny
it lathers pretty well
i gave it 4 stars cuz it's sticky once applied.
it's pricey, but i'll never be without it again.
its almost gaudy appearing merch
it is a little pricy
i think it's okay
it's a very minor one
it's been fine so far
now that it's summer
it's been great so far
it's not sticky after application
no matter what types of insane blizzards come my way
it's not heavy or oily
alas, i found what works for me!
doesn't rely on junk to make it feel great- it glides on
i like to use this at night just because it's a little bit too thick for daytime
it's my new favorite!
other than that it's a gem.
it wasn't nearly as soft
you know it's gold
it's not heavy or greasy
it is a little bit expensive
it doesn't have an spf
if anything it's a fresh
i think a lot of the people commenting that it's oily
i don't know why it's labeled a day cream when it's got no spf
this stuff never seems to cause a bad reaction
), and i think it's excellent.
smoothest it's even been
this feels soooo good
this stuff is stupid expensive
it's a great everyday product
it's very pleasant to put on
sometimes it's very dry
i like that it's free-from so many bad ingredients
not perfumey which is good i guess.
does not feel heavy or tacky
i feel like that's cleared up a bit
i know it says it's a day cream
isn't greasy at all
it does it's job, fast-absorbing, non-greasy.
i feel like that word has negative connotations
a little goes a long way, tbh.
picky about what i use
it's great for daytime use
though i wouldn't describe it as a lightweight product
i don't use it daily because it's quite expensive for the size
it doesn't have spf
needed something w/ a little more oomph
well that's not the case with this product
it's pricey but you get what you pay for.
my tzone is no longer uber shiny when it gets later in the day
my t zone has been crazy oily lately
a little goes a loooong way
i can't believe it, it's like clearing my skin.
the only thing is that it is a bit pricey
it's just right amount of balance.
i am very breakout-prone
love how non greasy this formula is
you can just feel the difference in it's natural ingredients
this stuff is genius!
now that it's the summer
soooo worth the wait
i think i'm a little less shiny
it is super expensive :
i know it's a bit pricy
my skin still isn't perfect
it doesn't necessarily say it's for acne
it feels really refreshing when it's on
don’t waste your money on the cheap stuff.
this stuff is very expensive
it's true that you don't see the rosier glow until the day after using this product
i love black masks because they're fun to use
even if you don't it breaks down to 9 buck a facial which is pretty sweet
it's like a light mousse even though it's black
while it's definitely on the expensive side
this isn't a really powerful peel
i think it's meant to be more gentle
i like the smell even if it is typically considered a man's product
can't complain fresh products.
it is indeed greasy
it's not that bad people
thats not a dealbreaker for me
it's pricy but a little goes a long way
i would say it's more of a night cream bc it's too heavy for a day cream
this doesn't feel greasy to me at all
that's when i use it anyway
it is quite greasy
i would say it's a good nighttime cream
it's perfect for when i haven't been especially kind to my skin
it's a tall order that usually is not filled.
it's certainly a rich cream
yes it's pricy but it works wonders!
not terribly so except in winter
a bit pricey but it's worth it.
it is true that it is quite greasy and heavy.
minus one star because it's way too expensive for such a tiny jar
for me it's too rich for t zone during day time.
make me look like a greaseball in the morning
this stuff is so greasy
it is a bit pricey
i only wish it wasn't so expensive.
it's not like a painful tingle
seems somewhat greasy at first
becasue the cream is so rich with plenty of slip
a bit too costly for me tho..
this cream is sooooo expensive
i only used a little bit
not oily at all even though it's my skin's type
ok yes- it's expensive.
it applies kind of weird
i know it's "age-delay"
never realized it was so pricey
my only complaint is it is sooo darn expensive
not heavy and leaves me soooo soft!
my only disappointment with this product is that it's in a jar
it's my age delayer.
it's the best product for people with dry
treat yourself, it's worth it!
price is a lot but it's honestly so worth it.
yes it's quite pricey, but to me it's worth it
a little upset i love it so much because it's kind of out of my budget
it's not drying, or greasy; it's just perfect.
pay the $112 because it's just that good
that's obviously a personal preference
even though it's pricey
it is just so expensive !!
it's 95 f freaking degrees
so i put this on and sweet relief.
i wouldn't buy this otherwise b/c where i live it's normally never that hot
a little pricey for me to go out
it's the first mask i ever used that feel slightly uncomfortable
the tingling sensation maybe good...i can't tell.
i don't think it's worth it
it's just so expensive
it's a high price tag but i think it's worth it!
see that it's nearly $100
it's great but it's not a miracle.
i wasn't expecting much
i do think it is overpriced though
it's an amazing mask
gets that little bit of "coolness" to it?
i don't like the cooling sensation very much.
i also hate lip maximizers
the texture isn't my favourite to be honest
besides that it's just a great way to pamper yourself
it's a pretty huge container for how little you use in a go
minus 1 star for being ridiculously overpriced.
there's nothing to dislike about it.
it's not too overwhelming
esp since i use a lot of makeup.
yes it is pricy but good
it's a super simple press-on
i really cannot praise this product enough!
it's good for summer
it may seem pricey
t lasts pretty long
it's an amazing product
it's gentle yet really cleans
so, for me, it's totally worth the price!!
it's great for use in the shower
it's a really neat cleanser that's fun to use.
it's expensive but it's worth
is isn't this one
it's not too harsh
i wear quite a bit
definitely think it's good for oily skin types
it's quite concentrated so you only need a little
though it's not overpowering
i feel so luxurious using this.
other than that, it's pretty much perfect.
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it drys my skin out a tad
it lasts forever, too!
plus i use it with my clarsoinc it's a great match
you'd agree it's not expensive
uuuum....because it's worth it!
it's pricey but a little bit goes a long way.
especially if you're lazy at night like me
that's a huge plus in my book.
it's highly effective maybe too much so.
but i still think it's overpriced.
while it may seem pricey
it's completely non greasy and lightweight.
this stuff is awesome if you are lazy like me
it's practically a perfect product
it's not very practical
it's very gentle and so easy.
i don't think that it's a total cleanser just by itself
it's often sold out so if it's in stick buy two!
it's gentle to use everyday
i also love the fact that it's not greasy.
it may seem a little pricey
this stuff litterally transformed my skin.
it's a regular part of my beauty routine!
this oil is soooo amazing!
wasn't too sure about it
f you don't like looking very oily it's probably not a good choice for you
i can't believe this stuff made my hair soft
it's kind of expensive but so worth it!
this oil is hecka good.
to me it's better than tarte's maracuja oil
it's totally worth it bc i had super dry skin before this
this is the product i always turn to when my skin feels it's worst
it wont look shiny
also makes it less dull
now they're practically gone
it's on the more expensive side
it's so good for dry skin.
i like that's its versatile
or it's just a bit too heavy for my face
it's lightweight and doesn't feel greasy.
the one problem i have is that the jumbo size has a terrible dropper that's very weak
always sat as gimmicky because of a lame connection
it's not like this one at all
lasts you forever too
i cannot live without this in my life even though it's so darn pricey
it's so amazing on just one use
it's great on the face
it seems to lock in this serum like a charm.
it's kind of a gel consistency
i think it's worth it
it's getting fairly hot where i live
it's also super light
it's worth it to me
since it's so light
often- it gets expensive
i think they're right!
the science doesn't seem to hold up
the un-wrinkle is just sitting on my shelf
i feel it's working
considering it's so hard to find a product for my sensitive skin
it's totally worth it
sometimes it's even a little flaky.
it does not feely greasy
am a little confused whether it is the effect of the ultimate creme
it's already worth it
er is not only comical
which is a lot since my cosmetic-crazed mother never fails to bring home all sorts of ridiculously priced products for us to try
maybe it's been this cream
another thing i love is that it contains spf
it's light weight i can't feel it at all
great product not too greasy
i can't complain too much since it's august
this doesn't feel heavy on
it's not greasy at all
i like it, not greasy.
it looks like it's thick
it's less greasy than the neutrogena one
it's not too oily.
the jar packing is just too inconvenient
it's pretty darn good stuff
not shiny like a greaseball
but this is soooo worth every penny!)
it's a comfortable moisturizer that isn't too heavy or greasy
the first time i applied it i used waaay to much
it's nice-- it absorbs well
it's also good that it has spf
the reason i gave 4/5 stars is because i wish it was a tad more moisturizing
it's an absolutely essential
overall, it's good product.
still, i think it's a good product.
doesn't feel greasy at all
it's lasting and worth it.
it's not too oily.
unfortunately that's what i have
it's perfect for my combination skin
love that it goes on not too greasy
it's always different tone everyday.
it feels like it's really sinking in
dumbest thing i have done
love the fact that it has a 25 spf too
i like how lightweight it is.
it's still a great product
it's a really great product.
i tried so many really expensive drugstore
it's not done yet
some people might think it's too greasy for their liking
it's such a lovely feeling when my skin doesn't feel dry
even though it's not officially mattifying
the line is somewhat pricey
it was just too heavy
nyc has been extremely cold this winter
even though it's a day moisterizer
let's just say i would pay double the price because it's that effective
it feels totally luxurious
it is a little pricey
it's not too heavy or too light.
a bit too rich for me
goes on smooth, non irritating, little pricey.
once it's applied on my face it feels so lightweight
yes the consistency is somewhat like elmers glue
i can't say it's changed my skin in a drastic way
it doesn't bother me bc my skin looks nice
it's the only one i use now
it is a tad thick
i can't use it all over my face because it's too drying
it feels kinda thick
it's lasts a while for me
it'd be a perfect 5 stars then
it's literally crack to me.
i never feel overly shiny!
i can't imagine my beauty routine without it
it's so simple to use
i know it doesn't say it's a primer
doesn't get shiny as quickly even in 80 degree california weather
there's never any winning.
it was a complete joke
the formula just isn't that
it's very thick but it spreads nicely.
i find that it helps my foundation last waaaay longer
i tend to use this in the winter as it's very gentle
it lathers up really nice
so a little goes a loooong way
it's also very foamy and fun to apply!
it is much nicer when i touch it
the best of the bunch!
because it's so gentle
don't worry about the smell, it's kind nature.
it's going to be my all time favorite.
it is not tighty
i don't feel like it's very mild.
and my complexion ain't bad either!
it's a lot less than before
deceivingly good bang for your buck
it has a crazy rich lather
it's true, it foams so you don't need much.
but it's so worth it.
that's really what it is
it's wirth the price.
even for a cheapy- like me
it's not overly greasy
it does have an icky
like food for my skin, this is what i crave.
this combo seemed fine
it's too early to tell
too bad it isn't a little less expensive
doesn't leave a icky oily feeling behing
it's great for anti-aging though
it's expensive but it works.
think it's worth it
to 150 dollar lamer this is a nice middle of the road compromise
but this droopy eye thing was not ok!
freaked out enough to shell out the big bucks for a perricone product
i suppose it is worth it to avoid sags
unfortunately they are a bit pricey.
i think it's firming around my eye.
i just got this and it's fabulous.
it's expensive, but - hey!
it's strong, but effective.
what i like about this is the consistency: it's creamy
but it's a great product nonetheless.
i like that it isn't harsh at all
something a tad more reasonably priced on my neck
i believe it's gettin there
yes you get the flakey skin
the reviews for this stuff
that's enough make up for me
(i think it's partly genetic!)
i end up a flaky mess
you haven't yet found a "1%" that isn't irritating
i wasn't expecting a miracle or perfect skin.
it is a bit expensive
it's gonna part of my mainstay from now on
i like this version of 1
this product is really irritating my face
it isn't that awesome if my face is peeling
yes it is expensive
i think the product is a bit too expensive
it's quite lightweight though
this isn't for you
no weird film is left over
there's absolutely no greasy shine
the jar is heavy on it's own
i know it's probably more hygienic this way
it doesn't wow me
i mostly bought it because i couldn't find a decently priced nightime moisturizer that didn't come in a jar
not too heavy, and super refreshing.
it's great for all skin types
i love how it's lightweight
it's my new go to!
packaging is so pretty.
yes it is a bit expensive
my skin really must've needed this--it just drinks it up
it does feel like it's very basic
pm they just weren't lightweight enough
seems to do it's job quite nicely
i find that they are a good combo for the crazy weather in texas winter
sort of mad i wasted money on it, actually.
pretty pricey for what you actually get.
it's perfect for oily skin
what i like about this is it lasts all day long in a dry climate like utah
the problem i have is that it runs out waaay too quickly
it isn't shiny and doesn't make you look greasy.
overall, i liked it, but it is very pricey.
i know i sound like im hyping this stuff up
wow sums up this cleanser perfectly.
it's gentle but works great.
that's why i like it
it's great for my sensitive
this is never too harsh
it was a bit messy
perfect gentle cleanser it's pretty expensive
it's so gentle yet so effective!
hey a little goes a long way with this cleanser
it's a little pricey for what you get
not tight or flakey
oil is not a scary word
really gentile everyday wasy.
if it wasn't so expensive
it's gentle enough to use daily
it's the perfect substitute
it is a little messy
it's pricey, but a little goes a long way.
doesn't get very frothy
it's not spectacular, but i do like it!
it's definitely worth the $$$
doesn't really lather up
keep that in mind so that you don't use too ouch
it's a twist open tube which is super awkward with the consistency of the product
it's good packaging -- sits upside down so you get the most product
it's way too strong for me to use everyday
so far, i think it's a winner.
i really love the twist cap!
it's such a cool idea.
yet it isn't drying.
this one isn't harsh
other than that this cleanser is soooo great
which isn't my favorite thing
isn't too light- lathers well
it is a bit expensive, but i think it's worth it.
it's definitely a little drying
it's gentle enough to use twice a day with my clarisonic
it's so gentle but it actually works!
it's great paired with my clairsonic.
it loses a star because the twist top is really irritating
it's not very foamy
which isn't as satisfying when using a clairsonic
i didn't give it 5 stars because it is pricey
my face feels soooo soft
it's gentle, yet effective.
however it's very expensive
also the tub it comes in is so weird.
it's a great product for those hesitant to try any trending beauty products or skin care fads
think it's safe to say i've finally found the one for my finicky skin
i like it that it's light weight
i don't even know it's on my skin
my oily freaking skin only takes this seriously.
i only use this at night and it's is great.
plus my pores are insanely huge.
then there's the cost
it's a little on the pricey side
it's lightweight and easy on my skin.
doesn't feel heavy with product
it's lightweight, not too heavy or too light.
even though it's suuuper expensive for as little product as you get
i like this and it's not thick.
it's perfect for oily skin: not too heavy
it is not cheap
it's perfect for me!
doesn't look greasy at all
yes it is pricey
it's not oily at all
my skin isn't freaking out, either!
just wish it wasn't so pricey
it's not the worst either
i don't feel drenched
other than that it's been amazing!
this is definitely kickin my acne to the curb
t's been a loooong battle to find something that prevents
it's never a little breakout
don't feel like i'm wearing a ton of product
for me it's totally worth it
5% isn't strong enough to actually clear a zit though
doesn't dry me out either which is awesome.
for breakouts- it's crazy strong
i wouldn't say it's for everyday use
it's great for wearing while you sleep
it literally lasts forever
because bp is really rather useless as a spot treatment
i wouldn't say it's a miracle worker
it's perfect for during the day because it blends in
but totally worth it for clear skin.
needless to say super frustrating.
this is a bit expensive
it's pretty much kept my face clear
that's all due to stress
kate makes some very good products
has a really nice finish that isn't sticky
even though it seems pricey
it's not a miracle cure
bp is pretty intense though
it's not a 100% instant soak in.
they started to feel too heavy/greasy when it's hot
the fact that its silicone free makes it soo much better
it's a very good product
i find it pleasant
i think it's worth it
it's lightweight enough to wear i didn't feel like i had a ton of products on my face
just nothing super great to rave either.
because instead of screwing it just pops on
it's actually perfect for me.
it doesn't look greasy
i know it's pricey
it's really worth it for me
it feels super rich
it wasn't oily at all
i find it messy and unnecessary.
my hands are not that dirty, c'mon!!
i get paranoid not knowing what's left
it's great for day
the price tag is pretty obnoxious
$65 is so expensive for me
it is sooo soft
i think it's a little weird coconut oil is the second ingredient in this product which made me scared to try because it's so comedogenic
oh ya, and the price sucks.
it's become my everyday favorite.
is addicted to it too
that's why i gave it 4 stars.
it's an instant love
i typically don't fall for the hype
it is so rich, and doesn't feel greasy at all.
that is no exaggeration
pretty much every br
it's not too overpowering
is it's a little drying
the kate somerville line is very expensive
my skin felt soooo nasty
although the product is a bit pricey
i think it's great.
this is crazy expensive
shame it's so expensive
don't eat junk food
because it's so expensive
i just wish they weren't so darn expensive!
the jar is nice too b/c it doesn't have the normal twist off cap
the cons: i concur totally...way too expensive!
it doesn't make me greasy.
i freak a little when i run out.
do not blame the cream - it's performing at 100%+
it will sting alot!
although this product is a bit pricey
minus 1 star because its so darn pricey
i don't like most cosmetic smells anyways
it's driven me crazy.
it's also fairly sensitive.
it's a bit pricey but well worth it!!
it's the first product that's actually worked
i wouldn't recommend this to oily skin folks
so that's always good
see if it's worth it
it's definitely worth it
becuase it feels extremely greasy
i just wish it wasn't so expensive.
so far it's been good
luckily, you'd be wrong!
it is a little pricey
although it is a bit pricey
it's totally worth the money.
there's nothing at all wrong with serum
it's spendy for such a little bottle
i don't mind spending a little more
it doesn't make u oily which is great!
it feels sooooo good on my skin
this for me it's perfect
it's not at all
it's actually oil free
other than that it's wonderful
it's gentle enough to use everyday with my clarisonic
so far this is ok.
the deep crazy kind
if you've the budget
eventhough it is pricey
t'll be a long while 'til it's done
even though it's a little pricey
it's well worth it
so while it's expensive
even though it's pricey
it's a shame it's almost gone
it's brilliant at taking makeup
it's always dry here
that's how long it lasts for me
it's a little pricey however
everything about ap is simply fabulous
though most think it's too expensive
it's just the best
i couldn't resist and went for the splurge.
yet it`s a little bit too pricey.
i definitely think it's worth it
there's something so luxurious about using this product: between the thick lather
screen siren-ish sort of way
it's more than enough
though it is a bit expensive
it really isn't that expensive
i wish it wasn't sooo expensive
i gave up thinking that's just my skin
i really want the oil but it's sooo expensive :(
yes it is expensive
just because great skin is the mantra of asian makeup
so it's gentle enough for 2x daily use.
it's not a heavy oil
it is a bit pricey
it is a little pricey
the closest i've come is ole henriksen's pure truth melting cleanser which i really do not like
my only concern is the horrible packaging- there isn't
it was sooo disappointing
" which sounded too good to be true
it is a little pricey
this was it's true test for me
although it is a little more pricey
the amore pacific is the only one that i really like
think perfection lumiere or double wear
i know it seems pricey
4 stars only because it's pricey
it's just that it feels luxurious
that it's little pricey
a little is all that's needed
f you're like me
it's gentle yet effective!!
my face feels so much better when using amore pacific products
leaves you out soooo fresh
it's so worth it
it's a perfect balance for my combo skin.
doesn't leave me overly greasy.
my goodness even i can't justify this price tag
it's a shame it's so expensive...
after that it's gone
i got this as a 100 point perk
the only thing i would change is the price tag because it's soooo pricey
it's totally work it.
yes its sooo expensive
it's the only thing i'll use
especially now that's it's so cold where i live
toronto's winter is toooo dry
because it doesn't have spf
it's just right for my skin
considering it's pretty expensive
it's the perfect product to cover all angles
it's the best thing ever
it's insane how incredible this product is
if i don't find a less smelly
it's extremely expensive for the amount given
it's expensive, but a little goes a long way !
it's made my skin
it's a bit pricey but it's long lasting.
it's a great primer under my foundation
i can't stop raving about it!
i know it's expensive
even though it's expensive
especially now that it's winter
to others, yes, this is pricey.
this is a bit on the pricey side
i know it's expensive, but it really works.
it's pricey but definitely worth it.
i would find it a little bit pricey
it's helped sooo much.
that kinda makes up for the price.
even though it's crazy expensive i cant even take off one star from the rating
if it's ever discontinued
maybe it's not amazing for everyone
it's miraculous for me
i can't give this 5 stars
plain and simple, this product is amazing!!!
it's absolutely worth it
the packaging looks nice but is a bit too bulky.
i just wish it wasn't so expensive
it's so refreshing on my combination-oily skin
i find it to be pleasant
since it is rather pricey i use this when i need to look fabulous
unfortunately for me b/c it's pricier that it's counterparts
for this it's true
the only negative i have about this product is the pump sucks
guess it's worth it
yes, it's a bit pricey but it is worth the cost.
yes it's expensive but worth every dime!!
i am usually too lazy to write reviews.
blah- gone with this
it's much better than the ole hendrickson?
it is pretty expensive though
that's how long it has lasted me
it is very pricey
neck so that's probably why
my skin isn't horrible
just realized that i didn't wear a spec of makeup this weekend-
um obsessed with this stuff!
it's a bit pricey, but worth it.
it is not unbearable for me, i actually like it.
i don't think it's meant for that
i normally have very dull
it helps and he's happy.
that are insanely hard to remove
i do think it's pricey for its size.
it isn't an immediate thing
i feel like it's a rip off for how expensive it is
i don't like the dishonesty
will be a forever beauty staple for me
usually leave it on a lil longer than 10mins
so that's fine with me
i know that's kind of cheating
i guess thats because it's a great product that i use a lot
it's almost too strong for me
it's a really great product
there were sooooo many
doesn't cry out my skin too much which is good
that's what happens when it's such a great product
i don't feel it's sticky at all
i find it can me a bit too oily if you use overkill
used sparingly, it's great!
i think it's supposed to be for men
i can't say it lightens spots although i don't think it promises that
i don't care that this is a men's line.
i wish it wasn't so pricey
he doesn't mind using this serum because it's quick
it isn't greasy at all and almost mattifying.
it's wonderful for eyes too
unlike some reviewers i don't find it too thin
it's also very gentle
this little bottle is pricey
i shouldn't look tired all the time.
c's which are usually too tacky and sticky.
maybe more like 2 dimes.
don't go overboard but don't be stingy.
sometimes it can come off as rude
i know it's not the dmae because it's in the pads
i think it's something you'd really enjoy
it is overpriced imo.
t really isn't that bad
i really haven't used this for long
which is a pretty wow review
i don't think there'd be much consequence in ab
it's almost sort of like rotten fish
i guess it's because of the high price point
i am a skin care and makeup junky!
let's face it women
it's not too strong that i can't double it up with my other favorite retinol product
it's well worth the $$
btw, a little goes a long way!
yet it isn't greasy
it's totally worth the money
it's a very good product
it isn't bad at all
i like that it is lightweight
it's everything i wanted in a mask.
so effective and an awesome pimple-saver!
i surprisingly i can use this
it can be a little bit irritating.)
because theyre so expensive
there's a glow to it that i love
it's a tad bit expensive
a glow i wasn't expecting
my skin doesn't look as if it's tired
at $21 it's a good deal
at least it's flat
it feels kinda weird when you put it on
i really like this mask because it's light-weight
doesn't dry super-hard
and it's just as effective .
i don't know if that's because of the product or because my skin is insanely oily
i don't find the proudct to feel good when it's on my skin
so that's a big plus for me
i like this product, it's ideal for me!
yes it is expensive.
pricey yes, but good to the last drop!
it's not really thick or heavy
in fact, it's my favorite.
it's just so expensive
i am a stick to the norm type of gal
yes this is way too pricey in my book
i do feel it's worth it
unfortunately it is pricey
the only drawback, my goodness, the price.
that sounds ridiculous to me.
this stuff is really expensive
i found it to be rather refreshing
this stuff is crazy expensive
although it's pricey it's 100% worth the $$.
i think is a little expensive
so far it's looking good
4 stars just because the price is outrageous.
this stuff is expensive
it's the only cream i can use
the only issue i have with this cream is that it reeks
it's an expense i budget for because it's important to me
the name is meaningless
i think it's worth it
i wouldn't describe it as fishy though.
first of all fishy it isn't
love that it's anti aging as well
for what it's worth
to me it's not as much fishy as just "unperfumed"
it's the best thing ever created since chocolate.
it's transformed by skin
this stuff is not cheap
it's reduced fine lines
can't say enough great things about cold plasma.
rather than sort of sad
just wish it wasn't so pricey.
doesn't feel like it's on my skin
there's a lot of product in the tub as well.
maybe it's because i don't use it everyday.
besides that it's great
my skin is a bit desensitized to it
we're all in a hurry
it's also more even.
yeah i use it as a night cream
so yeah night cream for the win!
once it's on for a while you can't smell it anymore
it is not too pricey
it's pricey, but it lasts a while.
i like the fact that it has a spf 20
a bit spendy but will be well worth it.
it's not greasy or oily
my face isn't shiny after i apply it
this product is a bit too greasy for me
it's perfect for all skin type
i think it's helping
the spots aren't completely gone
it's not made for that area
lightweight consistency that it's a pleasure to apply every morning
dunno if it truly evens out skintone
but, i feel like otherwise it's a good product.
it's not greasy feeling
i know it's quite pricey
although it is a little pricy
i like that the cream isn't greasy or messy.
it gets a bit pricy
it's a pitty it's so expensive
it's really worth it
i don't know if it's living up to it's promises thus far as it's only been a couple of weeks
love that it isn't too heavy.
it doesn't feel tacky
was working to take away that uh-oh-i'm-getting-older look
even though it is a bit expensive
plus, a teeny bit goes a really long way.
my face isn't too bad overall
it'll always be a favorite.
try before you buy (duh it's 1.
doesn't work for my combo skin
it's not irritating or anything for me
other than that, it's awesome!
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it's not harsh at all
it's also very sensitive
it's not greasy at all
it's gentle enough to use morning
isn't so dry anymore
now it's a staple for me
i ended up buying a tube of it because it's that amazing
it's gentle and really good for makeup residue.
it's light yet effective.
it's even better when used with a clarisonic
whoa world look out
now it's finally not
it's a simple cleaner that does the job
i can't wear a good amount of br
it really seems to de-puff
i wasn't expecting it to do much for my dark circles
it's very effective for me.
my dark circles aren't as obvious anymore
i swear it's 8 hours of sleep in a convenient little glass bottle
it's nice and cool to eyes.
it's nice to not have to use your fingers
the formula isn't too sticky
i think it's my new go-to daytime eye treatment
the dark circles aren't totally gone
refreshing plus it makes my eyes a bit less tired looking
found it wasn't up to par anymore
tried sooooo many/this works.won't be without
it doesn't really get rid of my dark circles so that's why i gave it 4 stars
it's more like a cream
t doesn't slow down my routine
it's really easy to apply and use.
this stuff has saved my dull flaky face
he's so alleviated with this cream
i've tried a bunch of different moisturizers from cheap all the way to ridiculously expensive
i wouldn't say it's quick absorbing
silly me hadn't even read the packaging to realize it was meant for faces too
it isn't even greasy
it's completely gone now
the amount for the price doesn't feel like a ripoff at all
it's done wonders for my skin
it's balances out my skin so well!
it's not greasy or heavy
that's not the case
reviews made it seem too good to be true
this stuff is rich
flakey-especially in my t-zone
it's now almost june (and much warmer!)
it doesn't feel too heavy
it's not heavy at all
the 8-ounce tube is a little spendy.
it's amazing for sunburns i recently just got burnt pretty bad
it's like instant relief
it's so lightweight and definitely not too heavy.
it's just amazing overall
it's a great price for a lot of product.
it's possible it's only when it hasn't fully absorbed yet
yes it is expensive
it's perfect for dry skin
now it's a staple for me
doesn't make it overly oily is impossible lol
that's the only reason i gave it 4 stars !
things are soooo much better
it's gone after 2 uses
so while the price seems steep it's totally worth it
which is just nasty
it was just so embarrassing
and it's not greasy either.
it is pretty thick
it was so finicky
plus it's a super good value
cannot recommend enough it's so perfect.
it's not a miracle cure
whatever it is we're calling it
now he's getting a bottle as well.
i don't think it's the product's fault
it's not oily or greasy
i spend wayyy too much money on skincare
i like that it's light weight
i like my make-up kinda natural
it's really not a huge problem for me
see if it's really worth it
it has a slightly tacky feeling on your skin once it's on
strangely it actually worked
it's not a miracle cure
so far i think it's working
so for me it's not a deal breaker
this stuff isn't a miracle cure for them
it's also pretty gentle
overall i think it's a good intro to retinol
it's not super thick
it sometimes just feels like tooo much on my skin
they're still there, of course.
so you don't get too flaky
don't overdo it with this product
it's not oily nor it's sticky.
it's not a miracle worker you won't wake up with a totally younger face
it's an amazing product!
couldn't speak to it's wrinkle reduction value
this isn't bad, but i'm not blown away.
i think that it's worth the money
it is mild enough to use everynight
it's does it all!
the only thing i don't love is the dropper.
as long as it's not painful you're okay
it isn't the least bit irritating
buy this serum though it's incredible
isn't greasy at all
it's more like an incredibly light-weight oil.
it's not as abrasive
which is annoying because i can't really treat them
which makes it super easy
i've decided to dumb down my routine
it's a bit $$$ so i don't use it daily.
on about all the hype
it is too expensive
it's not overly oily
it's also easy to wash off.
it isn't super oily
it's pretty wallet-friendly
my face felt hella greasy
that's a very long time
it's one of my favorites.
it's easy to use w/the pump
that's not the case
my skin:due to a combination of horribly fickle weather
i like that it's a treatment
i just wish it was a little less pricey.
it is a little on the pricy side
i know that's not uncommon
sorry this was wordy
it makes a mess--wasting great product
it's not too dry either
t's product doesn't feel greasy at all
it's just not mattifying enough.
it doesn't feel greasy
this stuff totally rocks
that's a rarity for me to like a product enough to buy it again
as if it wasn't bad enough
it's too expensive for me now
this stuff is super
however, oh-so-good for reducing shine!
no longer looks dull
its a little pricey but it lasts a while.
the product is just too expensive
don't have a ton of fine lines
still it's a great product for summer
it doesn't feel heavy and it's not oily.
had no idea this is so expensive tho.
it's very easy to spread
my fave still feels nice
it's shiny when first applied
it's good with my skin.
it's very light and not too greasy.
im so sad this cream is so expensive :((
it's worth the inconvenience though!
i feel like sometimes it's too thick
i didn't know i was ashy til i used this lol!
although some say it's too "tacky" or "sticky"
i think that's the point
no icky feeling at all.
it's the one for me.
it actually doesn't feel the slightest bit greasy
maybe it's just me
it's not been a month yet and i love it.
what an ego boost!!
the best it's ever looked
it's awesome for dry skin
this goes on kinda weird but way moisturizing,
i'd say it's quite worth the $$$
my fine lines don't look as pronounced
is not overly greasy
it's a little heavy for me for daytime use
just a lil bit too thick to me
which is crazy convenient
if you're curious, i have combination skin.
added a layer of moisturecons: it's really expensive
its not irritating enough
it wasn't harsh at all
i rushed home to try it oh wow it's awesome just melts your makeup away
never got a "cooling" sensation, but it's amazing
it's definitely a product that's worth trying
it is very pricey
it's honestly not necessary because it's that good
i love that it's gentle and effective.
it's too refreshing for my evening routine
it's good all year round.
it's perfect for first part of a double cleanse
doesn't leave a weird film on my face
even if she's too lazy to rinse it off
haha this is pricey for a make up remover
it's a nice oily consistency
it's so easy, plus it's gentle on your skin!
it's obviously not cheap
it doesn't foam at all which i admit is kind of weird for a cleanser
yep, it's just that good!!
hardly anymore thanks to this product
it's definitely worth a try!
it's made such a difference for my skin
even though it doesn't lather
so worth the try because it's now a staple in my beauty routine
tingly feeling that isn't overwhelming
it's not miraculous, obviously.
maybe that's an overstatement.
it wasn't even that bad
i guess it just wasn't made especially for acne
it's such a great product
t was a little perplexing to me
i think it's worth it
if there is any con for this product it's that it's a little hard to get it to lather on
it's makes my skin ridiculously soft.
wow my face is almost completely clear!
the results were utterly amazing!
i know everyone's skin
it's not too drying and my skin looks great!
the drawback is that it is very greasy
while the kit isn't to my liking
that's a good thing due to the price
i looked way too greasy
it's a new product for me
even better than un-wrinkle.
i don't think this is a coincidence
too bad is so expensive :-)
it isn't life changing.
it's been very soothing
making it feel tacky
i love the packaging just because it's simple
so you know it's safe!
t stops pumping wayyy before it's actually empty
i liked the fact that it's non comedogenic
by itself it's fab
it's great for oily skin
i realize everyone's skin is different
i can't us frugal products because the ingredients are so harsh
i don't think it's life changing
it's great under make up too.
it is not too heavy
it's quite pricey for a small bottle
it's not too heavy or greasy
it is absolutely gorgeous
it's light but still does the job!
it's that a little goes a long way
but is a bit pricey so i use it sparingly.
it didn't look irritated.
it's lightweight enough to wear during the day
it doesn't make me shiny at all
it doesn't have spf
that's the only thing i'd change
it's lightweight and skin definitely feels nice.
it's perfect for me
it's super light weight
it's definitely my go-to for the winter
ts a real problem for me to find a good cream
if you're trying to fix bad dark circles
so **** the thing is
this isn't the product fault
it's so easy to use
it's not too thick
it's still pretty great
it's super easy to use
needless to say this works!
it seems some reviewers have a misconception if it's purpose
i figured one caffeine product was pretty much like the rest
it's a good solid product
you would of never known it thanks to this rollerball
idk how it fairs with depuffing bc i don't normally have puffy eyes
my eyes aren't as dark anymore
i think it's because i've been getting a lot more sleep
my eyes aren't very dark either so maybe i just don't notice
i wasted so much money on useless products
i feel like there's not much product
tacky feeling when i put it on
yet it lasts endlessly
certainly through the endless
very rich but not greasy.
this stuff is rich - make no mistake.
i just think it's rather pricey for not a lot of product
it's actually more of a lightweight gel
considering that my complexion is kind of fickle
it kinda seems like i have an ultralight new layer of skin to work with
it certainly gets rid of dullness.
it is spendy but a small amount goes a long way.
love it but pricey.
it's not too bad
i don't think it makes me breakout in my oilier areas
i think it's a really nice product
it's just a little pricey for me
it's realy a tiny sample cauz the volum can just last less than 5 days
it was a bit gritty
it wasn't really moisturising enough
it’s a little pricey but you only need a little.
even though it's perfumed i have no negative reactions at all
this product is ridiculous
i just wish it wasn't as expensive
i think that's the word that comes to mind
to put it simple, it's a life changer.
this is perfect because it's not too heavy
yup, it works that well.
it's slightly too thick for my liking
they're always either way too greasy or way too light
it isn't too greasy
it feels like it's not there
it's refreshing and light, not too overpowering.
it's not at all greasy
let's not even get into the winter seasons.
it's the best moisterizer i have ever used
that's not a huge deal
the only con about this product is that it's pricey
it's a little pricey but definitely worth it.
this new version doesn't smell as good as the hydraction which is the older version of this one w/o anti aging stuff in it
it's not too rich
unless they have a typo on the tubs?
it's one of the few i've tried
love the product but the jar isn't a good design.
however, i was not too crazy with the packaging.
like i said, it's really fluffy.
can't attest to that aspect of it
but dior is perfect for day.
which is a huge deal since i can't seem to stick to one br
gave it 4 stars simply for the inconvenient packaging
practically perfect, a bit costly.
the price be damned
darned if the skin around my eyes isn't clearer
it is really refreshing when it is cold.
hmm... i wonder why is that.
i am usually prone to millia
the design of the jar is absoluletly stupid
the only downer is that the sunscreen is missing in this version
it's like surgry in a bottle for me.
it's a minor inconvience i'm willing to overlook for a good eye cream
it's excellent for dark circles
it's not so great for fine lines, however.
the packaging is annoying, though.
because it's so thick
it's a bit pricey but i definitely recommend it.
it's weird the way it's set up
i am super picky
i also like the value: it's a quality product without being ridiculous about the price
i just wish it weren't so expensive.
that's not my opinion
i really milked it.
it's truly a life changing product
it's no wonder this serum has won a noble prize for it technology
to me it's worth it
i think it's because it's cleaning the skin
it's the perfect match
if only it wasn't so expensive.
supposedly amps up anything you put on top of it
it's fabulous and just annoyingly great...
they are shallow indeed
as long as she doesn't smile haha
doesn't lasts too long
for what it's worth
either way, i'm sooooo buying this asap.
it's definitely a great product
though this product is a bit pricey
folks generally think i'm in my 50's
don't wince about the price tag
it's a miracle product i tell you.
if you've used some of the smelly dr
i know this is pricey
well it is ridiculously expensive.
i don't know what's in it
because its pretty pricey
i know it's pricey
blowing money on products that i can't use
t's kinda hard to make a judgment for the anti-aging part
i don't like the squeaky-clean
f you're like me
rich lather that feels incredibly luxurious after a long day
i think it's totally worth the price
i gave it 4 stars only because i don't like to feel tackiness on my skin
it's not horribly tacky it's just enough for me to feel it
i know it's expensive, but totally worth it.
it's the best treat for my face
because it's nice too for my job
even though it's not cheap
whether or my skin is actually tauter it darn well looks it
there's no way that all of us have a bad batch
that's the only think i don't like
it seems to do it's job
it's very pricey for me
well it isn't terrible for me
not to mention pricey too
and yes it smells like metal, but i don't mind.
it's really not that bad at all
this pst winter it seem like creams weren't doing a thing
it doesn't feel heavy
if cp makes you gag this will too
this is pretty darn close
ohhh as an added benefit my dark circles are completly gone
i mean totaly gone!!
i would hate for people not to buy the product based on the reviews saying it's unbearable
costly and smelly, but so worth it!
it's not the greatest
i know it is a little pricey
it seemed like it was way too expensive
it was just a hot mess
i don't think it's oily like some people describe it here
i don't feel the spf is greasy at all
this stuff works like a charm!
also good for skin that's prone to breaking out.
it's hard to find an spf over 15 that doesn't feel heavy
kinda greasy, but i don't use much of it.
i love the fact that it's an all in one
it's thicker than i'd prefer
works great on my combination skin--it's not greasy
it's a little too greasy
it's worse in the winter
it's the best face cream i have ever tried
however, in oregon, it is way too much.
hey it was the 80s
it's just the right weight
it's a little oily/greasy
that's when i need it most
it's not greasy at all!
although i said it's not greasy
the solution is pretty watery which i don't really like
other than that it's great!
it's a shame becuase so many products with spf use that
it's great for your skin
it's very light weight.
so that's a big deal to me
so far it's been great
i downgraded it a star because it's so freakin' expensive
when it's not so cold out it's fabulous.
my only complaint is that it's a little too lightweight for winter
it's really not for my oily skin
what i don't like is that it is pretty thick
it's not pleasant either
now it's one of my favorite things about it
it's a little more expensive for what i'm used to paying
it is a little expensive
this stuff is so gentle
so it's safe to say i'm a huge product junkie.
this stuff is ridiculously good.
my skin was freaking out
it's free of everything i tend to avoid
its well on it's way
it's really actually natural
thankfully, it's still here!
even though it's a bit more than i'd like to pay
for no real reason other than i'm a product junkie
it is soo much clearer
not sure if it's because i've just finally grown out of the acne stage or if it's really this product
it's good, but not great.
cleans the way it's supposed to
it isn't some miracle
it's still not perfect by any means
noticed it's a new product
i need something just a tad more harsh
this is definitely non-irritating and i trust it.
since it's oil free
alittle goes a long way
i just use a gentle cream when it's not enough
i can say my fave looks calmer
and it's pretty high up there too.
it's the perfect balance
it's perfect for my skin
it did it's job
it's a little tricky in applying
it's quickly becoming my favorite product
it's long term effects on dry skin were mediocre
it's too big now
i guess that's what a serum is for
which really isn't that much
this is a bit pricy
usually everything i put on feels like it's burning
it's not too heavy, it doesn't feel greasy.
it's not too heavy
it's amazing because it doesn't dry out my skin
it's hard to peel if it's too thin.
it's hard to give it all 5 stars
so, let's start with the pro's.
i shouldn't be using masks like this
it's oh so satisfying
overall it's a good mask.
yes it feels a tad bit strange pulling it off
i love this mask, it's a hg product for me.
i like that it's black
it's just like the videos
it won't get all the peach fuzz and that's ok.
it's been lasting me a long time
it does feel a tad bit greasy
i'd say it's similar to arbonne re9 day creme
the product lasts too so though it's expensive
i love how it's so creamy but not too thick.
can't believe it's for every skin type????
i do find it to be a tad bit oily
i like that it has a little bit of spf
it's been added to the list of my other favorite ole henriksen products
it isn't greasy at all
feels just oh so nice
alittle goes a long way
it's the only thing i use now.
it's beautiful and this product is magic.
love that it isn't greasy or heavy
doesn't feel greasy/heavy
it's now the hot season in texas
of course i can't attri
which lately has been insane
isn't greasy at all
so nice to have a sunscreen that is not goofy or greasy
thought it was too expensive
it's not greasy at all
i love that it's all natural
can't go wring in my book
a little goes a loooong way
with this, it's like heaven.
it's a miracle in a bottle!
it's on the expensive side
not making me too shiny- im sure it also has anti wrinkle effects
so the price isn't as bad as it seems
this may sound silly
find that it's very pricey
7oz bottles now at this point so this isn't a "impatient" review as some of my others can be lol
love that it's easy
why it's helping my breakouts
it's great for my combination areas
it's completely non-irritating to my eyes
feels like it's made from all natural ingredients
i like this eye cr am because it's luxurious feeling
expect it to absorb ---that's when it's greasy looking
i know it's expensive
this isn't a miracle cream
it's so thick you really don't need much
it is a bit pricy
i know there's reviews that say this product is fairly greasy
everything seemed kind of "goopy."
not the least bit irritating
very thick and rich, so you only need a smidge.
it's totally worth the wait
i feel decadent putting it around my eyes
yes but totally worth it for sensitive eyes.
even though it's on the pricey side
it's definitely worth it
don't know how it's lite enough for morning
doesn't leave me shiny
it's worth every penny, this stuff is amazing.
doesn't mess with my foundation
too bad it's tooooooo expensive .
i tend to be a product junky
it still doesn't feel heavy
just wish it wasn't so costly.
because it's so pricey
it's pretty unusual for my skin to be dry
after that it's lovely
it makes my makeup go on sort of chunky
i gave it four stars because it's pretty expensive
i am unfortunate in that i have ultra dry
it's not super rich
it's somewhere in between.
it's not magical,but it is lovely.
that wasn't too heavy or too light
that's a huge endorsement since i'm pretty particular about what i buy
instantly makes your skiin feel sooo good!
it doesn't have spf
however, this product is absolutely devine.
it's so light weight
it's not too thick or too thin.
it's also very easy to use.
because it is so gentle that i doubt if it's doing the cleansing thing
it's still worth it
a little pricy, but i liked the product
i feel so incredibly spoiled!
it's totally worth it
i wish that it wasn't so pricey
looks like it's more good then bad
the only negative thing i have to say is the price is alittle high
your foundation goes over it soo well
it's a bit pricey however i honestly believe it's worth every penny :
it's great under foundation, and not irritating.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it's pretty dry in here
my face is soooo soft
didn't look greasy whatsoever
it is a bit pricey
i just prefer a more luxurious
i wasn't oily at all
i think it's worth it for my skin
bobbi brown - genius / miracle stuff.
i still think it's too expensive for such a small amount
it's a thick cream that isn't greasy
initially its kinda pricey
it doesn't have spf
i hate that because then your makeup just looks nasty
it's the perfect face cream for summertime!
so alittle goes a long way
was kind of iffy about investing the $$ into trying bb skincare
it is soo amazing because your face feels sooo soft
there are just no other words to describe this masterpiece
it's not too thick, too thin.
even though it's a cream
my makeup has been looking rather flakey
it's very rich yet still light enough for under makeup
it's not going to cure your lines or circles.
this cream isn't overly greasy
it's still a great cream
no youthfulness at all anymore
i wish it was a bit less expensive
it's no longer dry
it's definitely not as good as the extra cream
the value was always fuzzy for me
it's the best eye cream i've tried so far.
too bad it's so pricey though
this eye cream is not a gimmick
this price may seem kinda steep for a small tube
it's well worth it
it's pretty fast absorbing.
ahhh feels so refreshing :
it's pricey but it works.
it's too expensive for how basic it is
it's a pricey eye cream but it's so worth it.
it's an easy step
a little goes a long way which i'm grateful for since it's a bit pricy for a what seems like a tiny jar
it is quite pricey
the one thing i can't st
it's very smooth does not take much
yes it's pricey, but it's worth it.
i don't find the dropper to be that awkward
it's expensive but i won't ever be without it.
a little does go a looong way.
it's expensive and well worth it.
it does feel tacky
my skin doesn't look dull at all now.
doesn't make me greasy.
doesn't make me greasy
it's very light weight
okay the price tag is ridiculous
this primer is soooo refreshing and lightweight.
there's essentially nothing wrong with this product itself
i almost find something inherently wrong with that
the only bad reviews on here say that it includes oil when it says it's oil free
i don't break up anymore it's great definitely repurchasing
i won't lie i thought it was just too darn pricey
it's pricey but totally worth it.
it's done wonders on calming my breakouts
see for yourself the amazingness
but ugh so good.
there's a primer for everything
it's pricey but sooooo worth it!!
this stuff is a miracle in a jar.
i know it's not meant as a night cream
i obviously have separation issues cause this ish is expensive
i feel so bougie buying this but it's amazing!!!
pricey but very good.
plus, it's so much more than just a primer...
i don't use it as a primer
it isn't too bad
it made me look like a greaseball
it's soooo worth the price
and makes my foundation application oh so good.
makes you're skin feel oh so soft
it looks clearly less flawless when i don't use it
it's somehow always dry
at first i thought it was a little pricey
as a primer this is just ok.
that dumb cheap foundation my face had literally never looked better
it's just right for my skin tone!
i usually hate a primer.
i love and it doesn't feel heavy!
it's like a night cream as a primer
make my base flawless hunny!
kinda just sits on the skin
i find the bottle is very messy
is that the packaging is really inconvenient
this bb oil works sooo much better.
it's just as amazing as rodin olio lusso at 1/3 the cost
seems a bit scarey at first
it's not very easy to travel with
the only downer is the cap
although it seems counterintuitive to put oil on your face
the bottle isn't that big
it's not irritating at all
honestly it's worth it
miserable for someone that's not supposed to look worn
rich- if that isn't your thing
it's pricy, but well worth it.
it is a-freaking-mazing!
yes it's a little pricey
this lasts for soo long because a little goes a long way
it was worth it, it's sooo thick and creamy.
it's expensive but well worth it.
it's so rich that you only need a little bit-so this jar lasts forever
they definately aren't as noticeable when i use this cream
just wish they weren't so pricey...
this stuff is literal magic.
i think it's worth the money to have a little quick fix in your beauty stash
only a little so the film isnt bad
i wish it didn't work as well because it's yet another pricey product i'm obsessed with
i know it's expensive but it is very worth it.
that mostly isn't a problem for me
i pat it out to blend it
it's my latest great find
if it's ever not produced
is especially good when you've had a long isn't
yes totally rid lines
it made me cringe a bit
it's sad to say that because sometimes it's dry
there's nothing bad for your skin here
works great it's not greasy
oh, and not that dry anymore.
it's so lightweight but does the job.
it's great but kind of expensive.
in summer i feel especially disgusting
the size of this moisturizer because quite frankly it's very expensive
almost everything irritates it
it's just something i've noticed
it's quite expensive for what it is
there's much better products out there
it's definitely not overpowering in any way
it's the perfect base for that
i actually used it as a primer too.
there's something special about this
the funny thing is i haven't even tried it on my face yet
to say i love this stuff is such an understatement
it's wonderful for my oily
it's not irritating at all
it's doing its job.
it's so light weight
make me feel luxury.
it has a really good inci
you'd think i'd have good skin
below without feeling icky
it absorbs so quickly it's unreal
it's a staple in my daily routine.
it's for sensitive skin so it won't irritate.
just wish it weren't so expensive
it's not too heavy
i don't like thick
it's not just pilling up for no reason
wayyyyy too much product.
this one proved trite
what i love most about this is that it's super light
it's pretty much just like a bb cream
it's seems less heavy
that's why i gave this product 4 stars instead of 5
it's expensive so after this bottle
it's a big chunk of money
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
which is good when you're over 40
but it's too harsh and pricey for me.
if i don't wear it everyday it's better
i suppose it's worth it solely because of the fact that my skin is smoother
it is extremely pricey
maybe i would because it's that good
really expensive cream helped somewhat
it's just so small
works as it's supposed to.
with this combo i look much more awake lately.
i also find it's very light
this stuff makes my tired
it is pretty cheap too compare to other eye roller
it's great on those mornings after you have overindulged
i don't think this product is a "game changer"
i wouldn't say this product is a miracle
it is not irritating at all
it's nice to have but is probably unnecessary.
i cry a lot in movies bc i'm a total sap
don't be a make-up snob like me
well i don't really have "bags"
this is definitly worth it
thank goodness because some of these products aren't cheap
it's an easy way to look wide awake
part of the reason was it's less expensive
my only complaint might be that it's a little goopy
that's i just like this stuff
does it's job without feeling too heavy
maybe it's just me
it's a tad heavy at first
tends to freak out when it comes to certain products
so any product with the word "cream" freaks me out
i guess it is a bit on the "greasy" side
i can't sleep comfortably with it on because the scent is just nauseating to me
this is sooo so good.
this isn't popular and it should be.
it's a dream come true
it goes on tacky
it's been a long search.
that's what my skin feels like
it's super lightweight but also super effective.
i do like too finish every sampler i get
it's the best combination cream i've used.
it's works so well.
it's fairly expensive i thought i'd try something else
the best part it's cheaper
it's a nice medium feeling cream
my fave is very stubborn
it's not too thick
i do think it's odd that it's so perfumed for a face product
it's not greasy and feels light.
it's expensive but worth it.
decided to try this even thou pricey.
t's really not as pricey as it appears
it is, for some silly reason, highly fragranced.
yes it's pricey, but i think it's worth it.
yet doesn't mess up your eyeliner
it's definitely worth it
it's a higher end product and feels like one.
it's a lovely line of products.
only 4 stars because it's really hard spending $99
the price is a bummer of course.
a $100 eye cream is totally unreasonable for me
wish it wasn't so pricey
it's too expensive to use every day
i know it's pricey.
it's kind of killing me that there isn't a smaller size to choose from
or just not as pricey.
i can't say that it is a "miracle cream"
can't tell with this lil miracle
very pricey, but got $20 off.
even better than lamer eye concentrate
it's amazing on dark circles
while i don't yet have wrinkle
can honestly say it's the best product on the market because it's all natural
i it's a bit pricey, but i highly recommend it.
as it was a sloppy process
minus one annoying thing
i think that's primarily due to the fact that this cleanser hardly suds
i now own the product and it's great.
supremely dry everywhere else
it's not at all greasy
it's funny to read that someone that is under 40 uses this heavy-duty worker
for the results it's pretty good
not greasy not oily and very affordable.
it's perfect for the summer for my oily/combo skin
so basically my skin isn't very forgiving
so that's just my skin
it doesn't feel greasy
because it's also not greasy
it's a much thinner formula
i can't use spf that well
it's really a 5 star product.
this is expensive, but it's worth it.
this is perfect--i don't break out
it's not heavy or greasy-it's just perfect
this product seemed pretty thick
it's not greasy, and definitely light weight.
i think the opportune word is cream.
they're not gone completely
this one is under $100 and it's pretty good.
my eyes drink this up like crazy
honestly it's 100% worth it
this is expensive stuff.
a little bit greasier than what i was used to
$85 seems expensive but it'll last forever.
love this eye cream, soooo gentle.
i love that it's very light
i don't know if it's worth the price tag
if it's in your budget
looks lovely on my vanity
it's consistency is a light
wish it wasn't so pricey.
that's why only 4 stars
i know that sounds exaggerated
was so sad when it ran out because it's expensive
it's been getting much worse this year
i don't like that- misleading!
one thing is that i personally don't think amore pacific eye treatments are great for dark circle
yes it is expensive, mostly due to the packing.
it's so counter-intuitive that it is annoying
not only is this totally stupid packaging design
it's a great product that is needlessly more expensive than it should be thanks to the arrogance of the container designer
it is however pretty expensive
it's a lot less product than you think!
a tiny bit goes more then you'll think.
it's super pricey but it works.
it's amazing as well
it's rare to find a product that even makes a difference
it does seem a bit pricey at $85
but, havent found anything equivalent.
it's just too soon
yes, it sounds pretty pricey.
for now i wait til it's gifted to me or a sample is offered
it doesn't feel too greasy to me
while that's a great product
i always believed the whole of there's something expensive there's always something just as good that's less expensive
my combination skin isn't so bad anymore
it doesn't feel greasy
it's quite a bit of product
it's pricey, but i love that it is paraben free.
because it's super refreshing to apply when it's cool
it's very light-weight
t worthy every penny cuz it totally makes a huge difference
there isn't much in there
it makes me feel guilty that i'm so superficial
it doesn't look or feel greasy to me.
doesn't get bitty when applying foundation
it's packaged like something a man could use
not sure if it's just the natural smell b/c of the ingredients or if it's artificial
the only negative is that it's a little bit oily feeling when it's on my face
it's still not *quite* gone
i really just wish is wasn't so expensive!
i do cringe at the price - very, very expensive.
it's not at all
i do think its pricy.
i finally have allowed myself to indulge in pricey amore pacific products
is doing it's job
but now i think it's so worth it!
oh it takes too long
feels aweful on your skin
wish it wasn't so expensive
omg is it amazing
it's pricey yes, but totally worth every penny.
since it's so expensive
winter though because it's thick
shocker : it works wonderfully
if i didn't have such bad under eye circles i wouldn't even wear makeup thanks to this goodness
i wasn't wearing any at all
it's not so dramatic
now it's even smaller
my pores ahhhh not seen a difference maybe a tiny bit
t makes your skin feel sooooo soft<3 defiantly worth the price
made me feel hideous
it is always shiney
if it wasn't so expensive i'd use it on my whole face
this stuff is kind of thick
the reviews of this new clinique product sounded too good to be true
which i don't like
it is very pricey though
some might say it's too much
it is very pricey for all, i know.
if i skip it's use
since it's so expensive i use it sparingly
so maybe a little pricey for what it does
so yes, $95 is steep, but my skin is gorgeous!
the product is true to it's word.
it's a great serum & i have used quite a few.
i guess nothing works like botox.
hey this is expensive
it's my miracle product
it is a bit expensive but i think worth it.
a bit pricey but good stuff!
that's how long the sample lasted me
too bad is pricey
it's harder to find this kind of product
accidentally finding a great beauty product from something kinda gross
it's just not for me
it's too early to give 5 stars
i am a beauty product junky
despite the fact that it's so expensive
no breakouts which isn't often the case for me
it's less than a coffee a day
it doesn't seem fishy to me
yes i would say it is very expensive
for results i get it's worth it
it's not strong enough for me in the winter
it's non-greasy, lightweight and smooth.
i just wish it weren't so dang expensive!
it doesn't feel heavy
it's perfect on my combo skin
that's all it took.
it delivers on it's name
i loved the sample but it just seemed so pricey.
i don't think it's bad
it's light and not greasy.
a tad expensive but worth it for great skin!
this is a staple for me.
so that's like 30.00 a month .
while there's no perfect product
it's not dry and red anymore.
this stuff is ridiculously expensive
i can't rate it an an anti-ager until i have used it a little longer
it's definitely worth it
figured it was way over-hyped
it's the ideal consistency
even though it is pretty pricey
i wish this stuff wasn't so expensive!
this one is pretty pricey
t isn't easy to find a great product like this
i can't think of a single flaw in this formula.
it may seem a bit expensive
highly recommended if it's in yours
i know it's incredibly pricey
it's costly but personally it's worth the money.
i add a big drop of ole henriksen's pure truth oil
like an air bubble or something
i might buy it once in a while anyway because it's pretty awesome
can't attest to it's wrinkle fighting ability
expensive, yes, worth it, yes!!
like it's been given a long overdue tall glass of water to replenish it's youth
it isn't too bad
it's also an amazing under-eye primer
it's gentle and doesn't irritate.
it's a really high quality product, you can tell.
it isn't the worst
n my opinion it is expensive
as a skincare snob i find this price to be very reasonable
this stuff isn't cheap
and a lil goes a long way.
it's crazy how little you need!
it's not too sticky feeling
it is a little pricey
it's kind of irritate my eyes
that's why i'm giving it a 4star
it's my favorite product yet
which actually comes with sooo much product
it's nice for the first impressions:
it is very pricey
applies beautifully under makeup it's not greasy or watery at all
one less star because it's so expensive.
my laugh lines are pretty much gone
it's a good eye cream for the price point
it isn't greasy at all
it is however pretty pricey
that's why i'm giving it four stars
so this product is insane.
this stuff is insane!
so for all of the bad reviews
ok so this is hella bomb.
the result is hella awesome.
it's an instant fix, not a treatment.
once you've gotten used to it
i look less tired
it's not the perfect lasting facelift we dream of
don't use too much or it looks cakey
it's not a bad price for such good results
luckily, there's instant firmx eye.
the bags aren't completely gone
it's still very effective
i think it's more effective than most "de-puffers
it's a "do" for me!
arcadia turned me on to these products
it's truly one of the best
i’m a little bit obsessed with this product.
it's almost stupid how well it works.
i've tried so many mattifyers it's not even funny
i wouldn't say the invisible light covers exactly
a little goes a looong way
i've used this for years and it's great!
it's very easy to use
i mainly purchased it because it's sweat
it's not greasy at all
the reason it gets 5 stars is that it works insanely well for oil control too
if it won't pop
it's a bit more expensive
it's like photoshopping my face.
this stuff just kind of blurs all of those details out
it just wasn't cutting it
yes it is expensive
it just adds that little bit of "oomph" i need after i haven't slept a full 8 hours
its definitely a nice indulgence
you aren't supposed to get suds.
i like it quite a bit
it is a little tacky feeling
i think it's perfect for my combination skin.
it's literally the only problem with this
it's thick when you first start using
idk maybe it was from the heat
it's a permanent staple and i won't stray again.
seems counterintuitive with oily combination skin
its that point of the month where my skin is blah
i love that it's 100% oil
clear because it dries my face sooooo bad
i guess this isn't for everyone.
it's a bit thick but i actually enjoy it.
it's a taste you'll not soon forget lol.
yes, like other reviews mentioned, it is thick!
good thing that's not what it's for
it's good for all types of skin
it's a little bit difficult to apply
it's my new favorite product!
thought that perhaps i was just doomed to have horrible grey ugly skin
this is actually so lightweight
doesn't leave me oily at all it's a perfect balance
which is the one thing i don't like about the mac oil
:) but i haven't yet!
the bottle is awful
the packaging is cute as well.
it's the perfect weight
oh my gosh this stuff is amazing!!
it's amazing on it's own and under my makeup.
little bit combo in the summer
i only gave 4 stars because i think it's pretty thick
it's perfect for my skin
if not a little wasteful
maybe i am being nit-picky
the bottle is super pretty, too!
also, the package is very cute.
i know it sounds stupid but it happens!
i must say it's amazing!
it's still no match to s
it's been just fine
when this product says that it's moisturizing it isn't kidding
unfortunately though i can't give it 5 stars because it is rather pricey
which i've not sure if it's because of the low spf
a little pricey, but a little goes a long way.
perhaps because it's so light
i didn't realize how dull
whenever i'd use this i justified it as oh it's just a good skin day or so on
i don't like the new formula as much
doesn't leave a tacky feel
it's a thick formula but it works for me.
it's amazing keeps your face so soft
it's like i have perfect skin
it's so good that in the summer
it's not too heavy to wear
sad that you can't purchase it online for canada
other times it's normal
i always use primer too
didn't absorb at all surprisingly
it's certainly not oil-free
only gripe is that is too doggone expensive
that's crazy to think because it doesn't look like there's a lot
overall it's a great product
doesn't feel too greasy to me
it's not too heavy but not too light.
the price isn't bad
it is pretty pricey
it is the perfect way to end y day
it is a bit greasy
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit pricey
it's great for winter when my skin is bad
looks cute on your vanity too!
i've used cheap ones like olay
actual jar is really cute
it's seriously that great
i find it quite pleasant
it was amazingly rich
t is no biggie to me
it's very frustrating for me
that's my only suggestion
the container is so cute
this one is soooo much better
i tend to get obnoxiously dry skin
it's so worth it
was pleasantly surprised to find out that it's amazing
it's fantastic for nights
it's mildly scented, a little goes a long way.
a little goes a loooong way!
i wouldn't use it as a day time moisturizer though because i think it's a little thick for me
i do think it's overpriced
it definitely isn't heavy
it's so good my boyfriend is now using it haha.
id say its a pretty good product
however, it's a quick fix.
it's so refreshing to put on at night
packaging is super cute, too!
i only have dark circle, so it's good for me!
this stuff is a miracle in a cute little jar!
it's always my go to
didn't do too much for my fine lines tho.
and it wasn't because i was getting more sleep.
know im going to wake up with super puffy eyebags
yes it's potent is it
i think it's a good product
now it's all she'll use
it's not the same
my favorite part is that it's good for sensitive skin
it's very light weight
definitely tingles, but there's no 'burning'.
it's the best thing i've tried so far to combat my puffy eyes
i wouldn't say amazing
this stuff is thick
there is still one bad place where it's red
the flakiness is almost gone
it's so easy to blot
there's no greasiness at all
i think it is mild enough to be a great baby cream too
for some odd unknown reason my skin was going insane
i love that it's a natural product as well.
it's too heavy to use every day
it's only for occasional use for me
it feels a tiny bit tacky at first
although it's quite thick
i like it for a winter time because it's a little bit oily
even though it's a little on the expensive side
so this isn't my hg because although it works
i wouldn't say it's a miracle worker
it's a bit pricey, but worth it.
for my skin, it's the best.
this stuff though pricey will transform your skin
it spreads sooo far after you put it on).
i removed 1 star because i can't really tell if it's minimizing dark circles because i don't have bad ones
although it's hooey to expect or claim that a cream can correct dark circles- hello genetics- having a moisturized
dark circles don't seem as bad
although they're not gone completely
can't say much about it's wrinkle reducing properties
maybe that's not what it's made for
it's easy to pump out too much
this isn't for you
that's a bonus for me.
i usually like dermadoctor wrinkle revenge
i find it's very nice to use during the day
it is a little pricey
it is a little pricey
it's not miraculous, but it's actually working!
whispering that i look like a zombie
love that it doesn't have bad ingredients in it
doesn't feel tacky or too thick
is neither greasy not tacky
there's a little plug in the tip that you have to pop
it's the perfect consistency
not at all irritating
it's been a good replacement
c'mon, sephora, have mercy on a vib!
anything less - i start to get snobbish.
what i love about this is that it's effective
doesn't feel too thick
um, did everyone miss that it has retinol?
unfortunately it seems that my ultra sensitive skin can't h
i like that it's in a tube instead of a pot.
then it's a good sign
it isn't particularly heavy
it's not bad either
not quite as rich
so that's why it's a 4 star rating
i can't say that it's been a miracle worker
the bottle doesn't dispense too much at once
i also like that it isn't a greasy mess
i've seen people say that it's too rough
i guess that's if you have uber sensitive skin
it's only mildly foamy
in the winter it's full
i like it for a quick
have used it my self as we'll
can't say enough about this brand- hooked!
it isn't too abrasive, yet it's very effective.
it's not too harsh on your skin
the bottle wasn't completely full
it's lasting a while anyway
now it's super foamy and not so "grainy."
there's a lot of air in it.
it's not too drying
kinda pricey, but love ren.
the reason for the lack of one star is because this product is packaged to fool you into thinking you're getting more for the $$$
it doesn't feel like it's too harsh
they aren't harsh at all
it's left me glowing.
better than the ole
plus you can feel good that you aren't putting anything icky on your skin
i won't be wasting this stuff by being clumsy
sometimes it's good to ignore the buzzwords that flutter around your concerns
i wouldn't say my skin was dull or unenergetic before
i still breakout sometimes
it is a little pricey
honestly, it's probably worth it.
i simple cannot say enough about the ren products
it's the best i've found
would've given it 5 stars
seriously it's that good
my only caveat is that it's a very small jar for the price
i feel like my dark circles aren't as prevalent
sort of obsessed with this super rich
as with most of my ole henriksen products
this stuff is lightweight
only down fall is it's a little bit greasy
i love that it's spf 15
take care when applying because it's very rich
luxurious without being too greasy
which can be annoying
i love that it's not greasy
which is a little pricey
it's totally nourishing and feels so good.
plus it feels sooooo good
a little on the pricy side
this eye cream isn't quite as high of an spf
this is a nice product not greasy
after some research i decided to splurge on ole henriksen total truth because it got great reviews
rich without being overly so
this stuff is expensive, but very light.
i also like it's rich in texture
the only downside it's way too expensive.
for those who say it's too greasy
i love that it doesn't have a lot of bad ingredients
just this one small evil line
i love the fact that it is also paragon
it makes a nice lather
but it's totally amazing as a make up remover.
yes $40 may seem very pricey
it's not too foamy which i like
extra extra dry ugh
i can't agree that it is too foamy
it's still like completely full
my skin honestly wasn't the worst
just a nice simple back to basics cleansers with no outrageous claims from dr p which i like
no anti-aging nonsense
the fact that it is in a glass bottle is insane
it really is a little overpriced
it doesn't feel tight or look shiny.
doesn't bother my insanely sensitive skin
sometimes it's better to keep things simple.
if it falls in the shower, you're screwed.
but it's actually quite mild.
it's definitely worth the money
that's how gentle it is
it's perfect for winter.
so far it's been very good
can't be too safe
it's 2oz bigger for just $3 more
can't beat that if you're going to splurge on cleanser
it sucks to have the ups
it's works..i love it and i think it's worth it!!
it's not a game changer
went back to buy the jar immediately bc it's great stuff
it's my most favorite eye cream i've ever tried
it's perfect at nighttime because it makes me sleepy
it is a little expensive
it's lasted a really long time
it's really the best eye cream for that
it isn't overly greasy
being that it's so pricey
it is tempting to slather it on because it feels so good
i just wish this wasn't so expensive.
i do look it for it's gentleness.
it's my first time to use this product.
totally non irritating like it a lot
i look less tired.
it's not too rich
it's not too dry
that's a miracle in itself
make me cry this is so gentle
i love it more because of it's natural ingredients
for all the scarier things it doesn't have in it
i think it's worth it
i bet you'll love this cream
isn't sticky or tacky
it is a little pricy but it's worth it.
everything i normally used was irritating
i hate that it's so expensive
it's the best i've used so far
it's lightweight and doesn't break me out.
it is a little pricey but it's well worth it.
i like this cream though expensive.
the only negative id have to say is that its a tad bit expensive
seems nourishing like it's name
it's expensive but a little goes a long way.
let's start with the negatives-i hate the price: it's way too expensive for a small jar
once it's in the skin
it hurts my wallet too much
it's only as i put it on
once it's absorbed i don't smell it anymore.
it doesn't feel greasy at all
it is pretty expensive
it is a bit expensive but it is soo worth it.
maybe my fine lines have outgrown it too
it's definitely worth it
it's so effective but not heavy at all.
this product is completely un-greasy
4stars because it pricey
my skin is crazy.
i don't care if it's expensive
even though it's pricey
this stuff is freakin awesome!
i can't seem to pin point it
this is quite pricey
so don't be impatient
it's a very even lightening in tone
so i guess it's doing something.
one star off for it's being a little pricey
it's like doing a mask
luxurious if you're into that sort of thing
alas it is also the most ridiculously expensive cleanser ever
i find myself waffling only because it is just so sooooooo expensive
it's sensitive like crazy
but during the winter it's dull and dry.
as it's quite pricey
but it's pricey and i have bills.
wasn't the best idea
it made my face sooo soft
it's not bad at all
it is super expensive.
i'd say it's a hint of dirt mixed with r
it isn't totally repulsive
a little goes a long way with this product, btw.
it's not too thick so it spreads beautifully.
that's what makes it so perfect
i can't rationalize buying it often
i didn't notice a greasy film like the other reviews have said
wish it wasn't so expensive :/
that's all i need
it's been the best for my skin so far.
i don't know that it's worth $110
yes this is on the expensive side, but i love it.
i gave it 4 stars only because it is sooo expensive
still, so crazy expensive, argh!
it's prohibitively expensive for me
too bad it's so expensive.
i can't believe it's more expensive than eve lom.
my skin is just so darn soft
such a shame it's so expensive otherwise i would pick it up
not flaky at all.
it makes a nice lather.
this cleanser though, it's awesome.
it's not fishy, at least not to me.
it's nothing horribly uncomfortable
try a sample; it's worth it!
i think that there's a lot of product in it for the price
doesn't really lather much
it's the perfect consistency to use with my clarisonic
never let's me down
it doesn't dry my skin, but it's abit tighter.
they're really good for my skin
it's very concentrated i found myself using less
this stuff is gentle
it's nice going naked.
yes they are pricey
now i am aging so that is a double whammy
it is pure perfection
even though it says it isn't
yes, ladies....it is that good.
no real scent to it which i really like as we'll.
it's also very gentle
ohhh wait i forgot to mention its anti-aging.
yet it's so effective
if it weren't so expensive
i say it's the real deal because it really seems to have kept lines
i would be horrified if this lotion was ever discontinued because at this point i'm pretty sure it's the secret to my youthful appearance
it feels a bit rich going on but isn't heavy.
it's never made me breakout
my skin no kidding looks so good
as cliche as it might seem: radiant
makes me cry a little
because i am overly frugal
but alas........ it is very pricey.
this was extra tedious
since it's just at night i don't mind
it is a little expensive
i wish it weren't so pricey
i am normally incredibly fussy
get flakey very easily
when you put it on it's very smooth
yes this is expensive
it's enough to give my skin a great finish
it definitely holds up to it's anti aging promises
what i like about it is that my face isn't greasy when i wake up
it truly delivers on it's name
it is not too heavy
here's the verdict so far
it's awesome for my easily-broken-out
it's not at all greasy feeling
the only thing that makes me cringe a little is the price tag
its really pricey so for all you vibs out there
it's absolutely worth it
it's a very rich cream
i wish i didn't love this cream as much as i do since it's so expensive
i wish it wasn't so expensive
it's just too amazing to stop using!
so don't go layering on too much
i know it is expensive
it's a lot more product than i was expecting.
i suggest ole henriksen sheer transformation
it's not quite 2 oz
i know it's pricey
love this stuff, use it nightly.
this mask doesn't feel tacky on the face.
i don't know ow to explain bouncy
it's been so long
it's has a twist bottom
it's just annoying, really.
yet not overly thick
super brutal winter we've experience in nyc
it's great so far
feminine- i don't think it is too strong at all
i think it's pleasant
it's not a long term fix
i think this product is all around luxurious
quite of distracting i guess
this stuff is wow!!
sometimes need a little "oomph
i could see how it may be a tad too "perfume-y" for some people
mini slaps i guess
it's hydration with nothing else.
i don't find it unpleasant
it is a little pricey for the bottle
this is oh so worth it
it's a perfect post-clarisonic night creme.
felt the awesomeness of it
this stuff is sooooo great.
origins drink up is good too
it's completely worth the money.
i don't use it every night tho
based on the other reviews i guess it's because i put too much of it
it's the most amazing thing i've ever bought at sephora
it's now a staple in my regimen
$50 cdn is a bit much for me as i'm not a high end makeup/skincare snob
just like it's supposed to feel
plus it's pretty inexpensive which is a nice bonus
it's like a "treat yo self" for your skinthink of it as the equivalent of taking your bra off after a long day
does have a pretty tacky feeling at first
i can't use cerave because it's too oily
it feels super rich
sadly its not for me
putting foundation on that is no bueno.
products because let's face it
mostly i like that it's soft
not so rich that it's causing me to break out
it's super painful and it looks terrible.
i enjoy it's consistency
i wish it weren't quite so expensive
so far it's great
it's true that it can cause you to break out because of it's composition
it's not heavy or greasy
although it's the most expensive single item on my dresser
you don't feel grimy either
i think it's a great produce at a decent price
i would have horribly flakey skin
i realize how lame that sounds
finally something that works as it's supposed to!
can't believe it's only $48!
my skin is pretty schizophrenic.
sometimes it's really dry
it's not oily when it goes on
there's a film/tackiness/sticky feeling after using it
when i am lazy
absolutely love and a new everyday staple.
so that's saying something
because it's making my face feel great
both clean off makeup pretty darn well
oh i'd like to add that i got this as a clearance $5 item
tones when you feel lazy to do the whole routine
i wasn't sure if that's really good
ts nice to find something that is gentle on your skin
for a product that is pretty useless
it's not tearing so i love it.
and honestly it's so convenient.
don't end up oversaturating them
it's amazing for taking everything off
it's so light on my face
it's even safe to use on eye make-up
because it's not oily at all
it's just a staple that i prefer not to live without
this stuff is freaking amazing.
why it's so shimmery though because i'm just going to put makeup on top of it
i didn't have super high expectations
this literally is refreshing
it's nice for what it is
it's definitely going to last awhile
i don't have dark circles so can't say about that
especially if you've been weepy
makes my under eye baggage look less depressing
love that's it's not heavy and easily absorbs.
it's not overly greasy.
it doesn't feel heavy
let's start by saying i love this whole line of products
most were probably voodoo
the texture isn't too tacky when you put it on
i unfortunately have really bad dark circles
it isn't overwhelming at all
it definitely has a "zing" about it
doesn't leave a greasy mess
unlike the moisturizer it isn't as tacky or thick on
it's not too heavy
de-puffing the area making it look so much nicer
i love this eye cream because it blends in sooooo smoothly
when layered over a good de-puffer this makes me eyes really pop
makes me look less tired when i haven't had quite enough sleep
it's still a great product to have
the littlest dime-size squeeze goes such a long way because it's so frothy
it's perfect for my combination skin
although it's not as bad as it used to be
don't cause an insane amount of irritation
it's a very calming product
it's easily become a staple to my regimen
frothy is definitely the right word
at first i wasn't too sure about the squeaky clean it gave
i love how frothy it is!
i've developed what seems like the oiliest t-zone known to man kind
it's very soft feeling
love how frothy it gets.
my acne r pretty much all gone now.
and it's a pretty big bottle.
it's just a nice mild
i love that it's so gentle
it's the best my skin has been
it's my favourite to use when my skin is feeling blah
tight like it's dry
it's super frothy and doesn't feel harsh at all.
it's all i ever use
i especially loooove how much it lathers up
i love the frothy-ness.
i typically have clear skin so this was just so weird for me
there's something's that i don't appreciate
that is hilariously accurate.
which sucks for a pimple that hasn't gone away immediately
in the morning it's completely gone i swear to god
now, i don't have crazy acne.
it was crazy expensive
nothing crazy at all
for $20 it is comedically tiny
it's totally worth it
it's totally worth it for the bad zits you may have
not as tempting to pick at
i get a couple of annoying
that's probably because they're selling miracle juice in a bottle
it's very easy to squeeze out without wasting any product
and it's under $20.00, so hey, why not?
however it's nothing moisturizer can't fix the next morning
honestly it's not so bad for the price.
that just means it's doing it's job at the treatment
it just wasn't for me
although it's taking a while
i find it's really only worth using the first 3-4 days of a large pimple
it may be pricey, but it's so worth it.
doesn't feel as harsh
i don't like the feeling
it's still half full
it is a little pricey
don't be fooled by the tiny bottle
it's so concentrated and incredible!
it's basically gone overnight
i think it's totally worth the money if you have really bad skin or the occasional breakout
would give it 5 stars put the packaging is a little annoying
when it's supposed to be like that
it's a very small bottle
it's as bad as it was when i was a teen
it's been less irritating
i've tried sooooo many products
bc it's effective for him
also bc it's clear
yes it's quite expensive for the size of the container it comes in
it's concentrated so you don't need much
after one night with this stuff it's totally gone
my initial impression was that it's dense.
it's substantial without feeling greasy
it's a little heavier than its
no breakouts, not oily, just awsome!
it's worth the wait
it's just right for me
its also not too terribly thick
isn't too thin either
it is a little expensive
it's totally worth the extra money
makes your skin look really good pricy
it was a little pricey for me
before this i was using ole henriksen sheer transformation
if you feel greasy, you've used too much.
the price isn't that bad at all.
it's also been great during the spring months as it's not overwhelming or too greasy
less expensive such as ole
especially for ppl that are sensitive
it's perfect under make up
i felt really cynical about the mask-like effect.
it's pricey but it does last a long time.
it is pretty pricey
i really like how it's not heavy and greasy.
it may seem like it's expensive
yes this is pricy
i wouldn't say this is the holy grail of serums as i don't have very much to compare too
it's quite pricey if you think of adding it to your beauty regimen
it's so worth it
a dab, seriously, that's it!
it's the absolute best for sensitive skin
i know it's only been one night
went with this one purely because it states it's a "night cream"
it's not heavy once it's applied.
unfortunately it's a bit too expensive for me to repurchase just for this
there's hardly ever a product where i'm like "omg can't live without"
it's a very rich moisturizer that does feel a bit heavy going on
it's my favorite night cream!
i love how it's thick
usually my skin looks blah when i wake up
nonetheless my review is 100% honest
what i love most about this cream is that it's lightweight
it's worth it in my opinion
i can't stop touching my face it's so smooth
have purchased sooo many of these jars!
it's a luxurious cream that goes a long way
it's been wreaking havoc on my skin
it wasn't really cutting it
it's thick yet lightweight
i am 32 and it's not enough for my skin.
i really like this night cream because it's not super heavy
it's tragic, i know.
keeps my face matte all.dang.day!
it's also not greasy
is fading soooo quickly it's insane
it's the complete opposite
not greasy, just lovely.
it isn't sticky or tacky.
this stuff is gold
for my skin it's by far the best i've tried
it isn't too pricey and a little goes a long way!
it doesn't feel heavy.
this is the only one that works for me it's my holy grail
it's perfect for my sensitive
i love that it's antiaging as well.
the only con is that yes
that's my only issue.
it's fine on my face
the product it's self is super gentle
it's perfect, i'd recommend it to everyone.
it's not ridiculously priced like some of its competitors
i love that this doesn't have a bunch of garbage in it
just a dime sized squeeze and your're good to go.
just because i'm such a product junkie
it's a little too watery compare to the check
it's fairly easy to wash off
only bad thing is that it clogs everything
overall i think it's amazing
not it's definitely not a miracle worker
this mask is so cool
i don't know that it's possible for anything otc to shrink pores
can't rave about it enough
this is not irritating
i dislike that it's really hard to wash off.
it's not harsh on the skin at all:
the dryness after isn't too too bad though
i'll slap this stuff on
that's unheard of for me!
it's perfect for my eyes.
it's honestly my holy grail product now.
this one is nice but it's so thick by comparison.
it's now day 4 using this
or whatever it's called
it actually wasn't bad
cucumber which i pretty nice
this little bugger i know has a big price tag
it's a nice creamy consistency that isn't too thick
it's not sticky like the ones i previously used.
not so thick that it's greasy
it doesn't feel too heavy
i guess cuz of this really cold weather
i think it's pretty good
the formula isn't irritating
it's really strong and almost off-putting.
so it's made me feel ugly!
my fave is pretty clear.
because it's really that powerful
it does it's job
otherwise i would've gave this product 5 stars
it reminds me of lifesaver gummies
can't think of one single con with this product.
it's made a big difference
i also really like that it's natural
it's made with a bunch of chemicals
i wouldn't say i'm too oily
it's the only thing that doesn't make me feel greasy
it's even better than i was use to
what's great is it literally is for pimples.
not at all irritating
that makes sense given it's supposed to be a mask
it is very depressing
can't say it's the best
when i put more it's essentially useless
so that it's not as heavy
recommended to try this first as it wasn't as expensive as say the glam glow
when i take it off it's more clear
feels soothing when it's on
i love it's free of all kinds of harsh ingredients
it's pretty cheap too.
it's pretty rare for me
i forget that it's on because it is so creamy
thank heavens it's natural too!
i only give it 4 stars though because it's a pretty small tube for the price
it doesn't feel heavy at all
for me that's a plus
i pretty much use it as a primer
oh, and the price is very decent.
because it's not 100% oil free
it's only available in a jar which i don't like.
i would say both feel the same on the skin--they aren't tacky
apparently, it's good for all seasons
thankfully this does the trick.
i don't see an issue slapping a primer
that the bottle isn't that big
it's great for oily
which isn't my favorite thing
that's my only qualm.
i also like the fact that doesn't not have a bunch of junk in it
i love that it's all natural.
it's a pretty good product.
it's still not back to 100%
it's a little small for the container
and oh my goodness, what a complete change!
a little tingly while it's on
it's not a cure-all.
it's almost completely clear
while at first i didn't 100% love it it's pretty good at reducing acne
i love this it's not harsh or drying
i like that it's gentle enough to use frequently
it's the most amazing thing ever
feel like it's working
it's just not cutting it
it's totally worth it
my skin isn't the best
a routine that works ok
it's so gentle yet effective.
it's complete trash compared to this mask
use it as a mask weekly it's amazing
you don't notice it after it's on
i knwo this is suppose to be a wuick pimple fixer
it's really good product
that they're not quite as effective anymore
it is quick, easy, and not messy.
thought the scent was quite interesting in a good weird way lol
it's really great for when you've been bad to your skin
especially when my skin is at it's worst
this mask sooo refreshing!
i love it's cooling affect.
even though it's probably my skin purging/getting used to all of the new stuff
it's my absolute favorite.
no you aren't having an allergic reaction
it's a great mask once you get over the weird feeling
i like having it sorta half dry
that's fine with me
the pump is really annoying
which i like fine
i won't get into the awesomeness of the cleanser here
it's lightweight and not sticky.
it still seems a little odd
there isn't much left
this stuff is expensive
i just wish it was a little more inexpensive.
maybe too lightweight for the winter
it is extremely overpriced for what you get.
i don't think i use an obscene quantity
i love this stuff--it's a gel
it's my favorite in warm/hot weather.
it's not the worst
the packaging just annoys me
i think it's a great summer product.
that's ok with me
it's cool to the touch
it's worked just fine for me.
don't have pronounced crow's feet yet
i love it because it's completely non-irritating
that's just because this is that good of a product
which isn't online here
it's very nice as well
it seems pricey for a small bottle
i think it's a great product nonetheless
realizing it wasn't enough
i think it's well priced for a quality eye cream
feels great on my skin because it's not too thick
sometimes when it's been a long day
i can't speak to it's anti-aging power
it's not quite as rich
this stuff is cool
it's not irritating either!
it's not too rich,but not too light either.
i believe it's been maybe 3 weeks
cannot get enough of jack black in general!
i feel like it's a grown up version of those oxy pads i used to use as a teenager
so that's why the 4 stars
it wasn't as impressive as when it's used with moisturizer
my skin freaks out
is that it's been one long
it's your pores' worst enemy!
it's not a miracle product
went back to clinique bc that's when my skin looked it's best
i don't have the worst skin
it's a huge plus that it is oil-free
i know that there's a clinique product that's more geared towards this problem
it's great for my combination skin.
esp when it gets cold
i will say that it's gentle
is that it's been one long
it was sooo dry
this stuff completely saved my skin
it can feel a bit "slick"
i notice some reviewers say it's sticky -- it hadn't even occurred to me until i read that
it is a bit pricy but works wonders for me.
in winter it's really bad
i don't find it overpowering at all
i love that its not too heavy
it will seem very greasy
it's not super strong
maybe this isn't the best product for you
it's very thick, you just need a small amount.
still not cheap to waste the last bit
a little goes a looooooong way
otherwise it's a very good product.
yes it has a tacky-sticky feel
my skin just sucks it up
it's just not for me.
perhaps they're applying too much
it's not greasy or oily
it's all i've ever used
i left off one star because it's a little pricey.
so yeah it doesnt feel heavy.
now it's a staple in my everyday beauty routine
really eww kinda dry skin
ahhhhhh...sigh this is the one!!
this stuff is seriously a lifesaver
that's now under control
so i guess kinda normal-ish lol.
it's still not too much for my skin.
i hope clinique never discontinues this stuff because it's literally the best thing for my dry skin
yes it is pricey
found something that's better for me because it wasn't cheap
a pretty decently sized bottle
it wasn't too worrisome
ok, this stuff is ah-mazing!!!
the lines weren't there.
see what it's like after
though it is not cheap
which means it's made a real difference
very pricey, but, i love it.
i think it's actually working- which is kind of crazy
it is a bit spendy
yes this teeny tiny bottle is so expensive
although at 41 my eyes weren't that bad
the reviews looked great but the price - egads!
yes, it is a tiny bottle.
worth it if you are in an ahem
it's easier for me
there's a lot left in that little bottle.
at $115.00 its crazy expensive.
this stuff is true to its word
so don't worry that it is expensive
is i don't feel an annoying tightness
it's the perfect amount
it's probably not enough for truly dry skin like mine
just not hearty enough for my purposes
that's why i only gave it 4 stars
it's a little more expensive than i would like to spend on a skincare product
it's not incredibly dry or anything
price point is ridic
still it isn't cheap
it's not too heavy
it's oil free so my skin loves it
its very expensive stuff
it's gentle enough for daily use
it's really good for the oily face try it ❤️❤️
i don't just have combination skin
it's always in h
my skin gets congested soooo easily.
i know this is going to sound insane
it's a good product but i wasn't blown away .
it's not super soapy
i consider that to be a gimmick
and it's been mild enough to use every day.
f you like bubbles this isn't for you
i suppose it helped make it a little more bubbly
it doesn't feel like it's doing much at first
i would start getting crazy breakouts
raves about this stuff
i feel like it's working on controlling oiliness
it's not fun to use
it's probably one of my favorite skin care products ever
it doesn't really lather
kind of sounds too good to be true
you'll love this oil
it was sort of clumsy
a little pricy but doesn't take much.
it's like a facelift in a bottle.
maybe had gone bad or outdated to my guess
"i'm super paranoid about everything breaking me out
i guess it's hard to find a cream with both anti aging benefits
it's been my skin's saving grace
it's never too early to start!
okay for the cream they've got it right
i find that it's a good primer for my makeup forever hd foundation
pretty obsessive when it comes to signs of aging
it's an expensive product though
at least it's something.
which it usually isn't
it's too soon to say if i'll use this combo year round
there is no tacky feeling or added weight
there's a cushiony feeling that hasn't been there in years
think of all the $$ you've already wasted trying other moisturizers that weren't up to par
my skin can sometimes get kinda greasy
a bit pricey but it takes very little.
too expensive, but i love it anyway.
have to say it's working
this is not sooooo bad
i like how it's light weight
here's the abbreviated version.
it is pricey, hence the 4 stars.
lines do seem less pronounced
it's so easy, cool and refreshing.
i don't give 5 stars lightly
it's hard not to sound like i'm exaggerating when i say
loving it thus far.
it is very pricy
perhaps this is just wishful thinking
shouldn't have mad mad crows feet
f you're sensitive to strong smells i wouldn't recommend
it reminds me a little of the hydra gel by amore pacific which is my absolute favorite just way to expensive
we have had very inconsistent weather in california lately
it's ideal for day time
it's great for my combo skin
it's my favorite day cream.
i love the fact that it doesn't feel heavy on my skin
i don't know if it's because of the moisturizer
it's not at all
it's not the best
it's super lightweight and absorbs like a dream.
even though my face isn't completely matte
sn't completely greasy looking now
recently i'd say it's more oily
even though it's not incredibly oily
i can't imagine this working for extremely oily people
i think it's great.
it's so good for your skin
packaging is very pretty too
it doesn't feel greasy.
this crazy michigan weather has my skin all out of sorts
it's an oily face's dream
it's perfect...... i love it!!!!!
i cannot rave about this product enough.
it's such a shame that i finally found the perfect remedy
yes the stuff isn't cheap
it's so rich that it also works as an eye cream.
it's expensive but a little goes a long way.
hope it's just as good.
it's absolutely worth it
it's a totally different texture
it's a big investment no doubt
i know it's pricey but one jar lasts forever.
using every single thing she makes as long as it's something i need bc the price tags are a little steep
it's not a bad thing, just a surprise!
it's a good product anyway
a little goes a looong way.
the people saying this "stinks" are overreacting.
it's very light, but i love it.
they might be a lil sensitive.
it definitely wasn't bad at all
i really don't think it's done anything to lighten my sun spots
i didn't feel that this was irritating at all to my skin
i wasn't expecting much
that's a small price to pay to have gorgeous skin
it's not exactly tacky, but you know it's there.
this stuff is fairly pricey
if something is pricey
it's a fantastic night time cream that
of this hasn't been too heavy
btw this smells so good its ridiculous.
it's perfected my skin
will reccomend not irritating
i can not tell if it's brightening, fading, etc.
can't rave enough about it
fyi their peel is excellent too !
while my face isn't magically perfect now
this stuff is admittedly expensive though
it's really the best i've tried.
it's worth it for my covington skinned ladies ❤️
i wasn't paying attention needless to say.
it's hard to get the product out
it seems a little pricey
a bit pricey, but really nice.
#1 it's natural, yet powerful 2.
though it is a little pricey
at 60 bucks that is just too pricey.
which i suppose is normal
i love it though because it's safe to use on the eyes
it's best to work it into the skin
i feel almost decadent using it.
even tho it's oil liked it doesn't feel like i have unpleasant residu or anything
it is a little bit more greasy than evelom
it's too great to be true.
it's not as foamy as i would like
the sense is ok
i don't use this everyday since i have combo skin
you'll like this product
nit only does my cleanser do what it's supposed to
when it's that good who cares
it just wasn't the same
the cloth that is included with the product is a bit cheesy
meaning it looks like
it's totally worth it
it's never been so soft.
so the price isn't bad
it's a great skin refresher
also great if it's a cold day
$48 felt like a steep price for a cheapo like me
it's scary at first because your skin looks so oily while you're massaging it in
it's perfect before travel because it's in a solid formula
it's not that it's an awful scent or anything
this isn't a bad product at all
it's worth it because it doesn't dry out my skin
i keep it at my vanity
i can't deny it's claims --
it wasn't heavy at all
i know, it's expensive.
it seems that kate somerville has improved it
i think the price tag is a bit ridiculous.
it's one of my favorite products.
definately looks more even in tone
it really is very pricey
it is very pricey
i think it's worth a try
can't say that many serums are fun to use like this one
because i can't swing the $150
it's pricey but worth it.
it doesnt work blah blah blah
i say thats a bunch oh hewey
my fine lines aren't nonexistent yet
however, it's awesome just by itself.
as if it's just had a long
and in spite of the fact that it's so rich.
it's not the least bit tacky or sticky like some heavy moisturizers are
i hate that it's so expensive
i knocked off a star because it can feel a tad greasy for my combo skin
it's disappearing much more quickly
it's certainly not unbearable or disgusting by any means
that's not the case here- plus
perfection in it's class.
i do wish it wasn't so pricey
i will never stray from this combo it's seriously a skin saver
i wake up with absolutely zero acne which is a rarity for me
i want to talk about the product's effectiveness: it absorbs freakishly fast
but honestly, it's not that bad.
i didn't expect bubblegum
the fact it's not greasy at all
soft when using most of the oh truth line products
turns out it's freaking amazing.
it's a lot more lightweight than it initially feels
it's not too heavy or too light
i don't find it unpleasant
it's so so soft and it tightens!
it also doesn't make me too shiny
this stuff is very lightweight
it's very windy where i live
it's safe for my senstive skin too.
i can't say you look '20% more luminous
ok so this isn't technically a night cream
it's well worth it
it's greatingredients and lasts a long time.
t's not bad or unpleasant
it seems very lightweight
it's not too much
it's the only one i'll use!
because it's great stuff
it's tough to fight winter skin
wish it wasn't so pricey
ole henriksen truth creme lasts all day long.
it's not it's just your finger
over cause it's that good
isn't my complete favorite
it helps because it's relaxing
it's hard to sleep sometimes
this is a great stress buster.
it's not too intense
i think it's important to mention that i use l'occitane divine products
it's a great balanced moisturizing product that i couldn't live without in the winter
the price is a little scary
it doesn't make me greasy
not too heavy not too light just perfect!
except theres no spf but its all natural.
it does not have alchohol which is very rare
it is pretty thick
i know it's a bit pricey
yes it is pricey but it works.
it's light and never makes me breakout.
it does it's job
as far as it's lightening claims
it is just too expensive and nothing spectacular.
it's also unbelievably small
i find this product super cute for on the go
feels cooling when it's put on.
at least i don't look tired
long night or just plain tired
i wouldn't call this product a miracle
not a big fan of the minty/cooling feeling though it's too strong for me
it's especially magical if you keep it in the fridge--super cool 1st thing in the am
my gosh does it pack a cool punch
this stuff is delightful
it's probably a little overpriced
cute little bottle and a little goes a long way.
the size is nice, the bottle is very "cute".
i find this more refreshing then seriously de-puffing
i didn't think it really de-puffs my eyes
it's also so light
it's a pick me up!
there's not a lot of product
it's now something i carry with me as a part of my regular routine along with ole hendriksen eye cc cream
anyways, made my sleepy eyes happy.
4 stars only cuz i don't really see the de-puff yet
f it's not very hydrating as some reviewers have claimed
i think it's a great product
it's a good night cream, but not for my skin.
'm glad it's a scent that doesn't make me nauseous since i'm pretty sensitive about that
it's pricey for a jar
the box says that it's ideal for 40 year olds so at 30
it hasn't been too rich for my combo skin
i don't even use a primer.
it's my new favorite must-have.
i know it sounds weird
my skin became snooty all of a sudden
pretty rich but not too much.
it's not quite as lovely as omorovicza's intensive hydra-lifting cream
actually this is so freaking good
it's hard to describe what changed about my skin
that ingredient is apparently not a joke
so maybe it's not the best choice for mature skin
i love this eye cream because it's lightweight
the o reviving eye cream certainly doesn't disappoint
i like the fact that isn't in a bottle not a jar
i can say that it's a pleasure to use
yes, it is expensive.
it is truley luxurious
can keep up with my omorivicza obsession
it's not tight or uncomfortable
it's great for skin that is a little tempermental
it's not strong at all.
you get all the decadence
oh how i wish this weren't so expensive.
it is a very nice splurge for the winter
my only gripe is that it is very expensive
it's more than enough
that's ok with me
this wash is pricy
it's oil-free thus not greasy
so this tells you it's good for a variety of skin tones
this is not irritating
it isn't quite perfect
this isn't the product
it is a little pricey for me, but well worth it.
whats to even out skin tone
it's great for oily skin
muf powder it's all good
my skin looks sooooo much better.
wish it wasn't so expensive
it is so refreshing to find this br
it was so dull
again it's worth it
it's all in thanks to this product right here
that's pretty spot on
i can't describe it
it is a bit pricy
mproved that it's worth it
it's another expensive product
it's real pricey for me.
it's a little oily for my face
i must say it's performed brilliantly
nothing that is unbearable
that's the price of beauty right?
soooo upsetting as this serum isn't cheap!
i literally wanted to cry because it was expensive
that's not to say it isn't a good product
now it's too late
it truly does give you an "obsession-worthy glow"
took away a star because it's just way too expensive even if it works amazingly
it isn't that off-putting to me
it's such a different feeling
i feel like it's actually balanced out my crazy combination skin
i don't know if it's worth the price
it's going to last forever
but wish this wasn't so expensive.
it's really a dry oil
the product is too pricey
get rid of the fancy packaging
it might sound a little off-putting
it is pretty strong as you're layering it on
it is quite expensive
le an intense treatment i'm sure you'd get very fast
it's unfortunate that i can't go back considering how expensive this is
however it's been great
it's just an amazing product.
i don't think it lasts too long
i know it's a bit on the pricey side
the tingle tells you it's working, no?
yes, it's pricey - but you won't be sorry.
i find it's awesome under my makeup
it's done so much for the texture
it's definitely super "wet" looking
this stuff is no joke.
yes, it's pricey but so worth it!
overall it's a good product.
there's no tiptoe-ing around the fact that this stuff is a little stinky
i wish it wasn't as expensive
i wouldn't call it bad
i don't find it too intense
that's made things even better
although they weren't bad i was very dry
it's just sooo expensive
it's so versatile bruh
a life time of unpredictable acne has left me very skeptical when it comes to magical "cure-alls"
i know i sound vain
i wouldn't like it
i think it's called
i just went nope nope
most products are usually ok and unremarkable.
like honestly it's so good
it's expensive , but i think it's worth it .
i decided it's a holy grail for me
sadly the luna oil didn't do much for me
leaves my skin so baby soft it's insane
i mean they were practically nonexistent
i can't rave enough of this product.
i hate that it's so expensive
for me that's not what's worth the hefty price
i wish this wasn't so expensive
worth it i'm happy n i have a lot of scares n uneven skin
even though it's not made for that
it's definitely a good product
i think it's a good investment
i feel like it's worth the splurge because all you need is a pea-size amount for your whole face
definitely worth all the hype
it's almost gel-like.
it's also super dry
thanks to sunday riley i don't even have to wear foundation anymore my skin is that flawless
it doesn't have the bad stuff, like sulfates.
my gosh it's just so bad
it i just can't get over how it's completely gone
it's kind of a sleeper hit
don't expect a ton of suds
just all around blah looking skin
if u have oily skin it's perfect for you
c'mon, it's good but it doesn't work miracles.
maybe a tad tight too
my acne isn't getting worse although i don't think this is particularly making it better
sooo good for a nice cleanse
that is no exaggeration.
that was super strange.
it's a statement and it's staying
that's all it took
the bottle is a little bit pricey
it's not a life changing
it it does a good job of removing the yuck
it does it's job
i always overlooked sunday riley because of the price point
oh my gosh it is amazing
it's gentle enough that it doesn't irritate my eyes
it's not an overnight game changer
it's a little stinky but tolerable.
i don't think that's happening because of the cleanser
that's okay with me
it's odd because the rest of my skin is normal.
i don't think it's as bad as some of the reviews i've read says it is
it's never too much
after using for awhile it's not that bad
good ol origins checks
i just don't see the hype
it's a pretty expensive experience
amazing product, just a bit on the pricey side.
it's very rich so you only need a dab
find that it's completely absorbed after a few minutes- no tackiness
it's like a subtle face lift
love this mask, it's perfect for travel.
it's like a spa to go
it's definitely worth the try.
flaky which was strange
i feel there's better ones out there it's a shame though i loved the natural ingredients
a bit pricey but verrrry worth it.
it's a pleasure to put on
no idea what's actually in this stuff
...that's how i view my vial of this stuff.
that's saying a lot since there *should* be a giant
so there's no burning
it's an oil, but it hasn't created any breakouts.
it's definitely one of the best ren products i've used
it looks like my face has been photoshopped or something -- seriously
it's bothered me for about 5 years
it's not greasy, it sinks right in.
it's hard to remember to use it every night
it's surprisingly refreshing for an oil
or are so thick i can't st
it's gentle and smells pretty neutral.
this stuff isn't greasy or heavy feeling.
my laugh lines are less pronounced
it will look messy
this is real expensive for what's essentially a silicone filler/primer
it's a temporary fix, but a good one.
i love it's gel-like consistency.
its so freaking good.
i give it 4 stars only because it's rather pricey for the size of the tube you get
i think that's a bit excessive
it's not greasy, applies evenly, and works great!
i literally can't use nothing my skin is so sensitive
now my face is so freaking smooth
no bums, no awful breakouts.
it is super expensive
it's definitely on the gentler side however super effective
i don't think it's a good acne spot treatmeant though
though it is a little pricey
it's just not nourishing enough on its own
especially when it's $40 a bottle
that's with being much more diligent
in the day it's just fine
it seems to be less shiny as well
it's expensive for how much you get
the packaging is awful
doesn’t leave that annoying shiny film on my skin
it's working for now
it is pretty greasy.
kinda push it into my skin
it all has sooo much irritating alcohol
i did feel like it was wasteful
i love that it's mild on the skin yet effective.
it's great for your skin
it's not as tough on the acne as i'd like it to be
this stuff is no joke!
it is kinda expensive, but i think it's worth it.
it's mild yet extremely effective
i hope it's little bigger
when i started using this back in january ohhhh my it's thick
can't seem to find a cream i really like
it's lightweight in feel
gave it 4 stars as its pretty pricy for what it does
it's richer than the original
from a beauty junkie this is definitely worth a try
yes it's amazing to say the least
nice thick formula but not tacky.
it's not greasy and feels very soothing.
it's not greasy feeling
it's not expensive either which is great.
it's not greasy at all
and it's worth the reputation.
i don't know what's in this stuff
it's not strong at all
it's also a super good price too!
it's gotten worse bc it's getting colder
so the winter weather wasn't as brutal
i wouldn't quite call it "intensive"
it's not too much
it's brutally cold right now in canada.
it isn't at all
i don't necessarily think it's lightweight: i think it's quite rich
not to mention, it's a great price.
it wasn't quite intense enough for me
i found it wasn't enough
it's only $22 bucks for a good amount
it does it's job well
it's not over bearing
it's cheap enough that you're not breaking the bank if you don't like it
it was super refreshing
they aren't really moisturizing, but that's okay.
that's what i have eye cream for.
you feel this cool
it's a nice quick trick to look more rested
the only thing i didn't like was that it's kind of slimy
i don't know if it's meant to be reusable
it isn't the slightest bit messy
it was so cool
wasn't sure if it was just another useless purchase
wish it wasn't so costly
i found it to be very refreshing and cool.
if you're a mask junkie
it's definitely worth a try
this actually works and it's inexpensive.
it's super relaxing while on
they are awesome and not expensive!
not irritating at all
one thing i hate is hyperbole
i can't praise this product enough.
not to mention so smooth!
it's not a bad product
pricing is a bit ridiculous for this product i'm new to peter thomas this is not to be put all over your face just the problem spots
isn't overly drying or harsh
it's a little on the expensive side
it's a good value too- just two tiny pumps twice a day
i could literally cry
i cannot live without this amazing little bottle of skin perfection
it's not too drying.
it didn't ruin my foundation
it's really keeping my skin clear
my skin just couldn't seem to clear up
i don't think it's too pricey for how long it lasts
it's still effective once a day
anyway i find it's effective
it's pricey but definitely worth the money!
it's great even as a spot treatment
woah i can't believe how pricey this is.
i guess the skin is used to the formula
it's the perfect product for my combination skin.
and they're quite small and going away anyway.
they're not too bad
i overdid it a little
it's most definitely worth the money.
while it seems to cost a bunch
kate somerville's line was too harsh for me
it's wonderful do far.
it's a good deal for amount of product you get.
btw, i don't like pump because it gives too much.
even if it's a little too expensive for you
it's worth it all the way
i read on other reviews that it's too sticky
i would assume that's natural
i hope it isn't too greasy for me in the summertime
i gave it a try even tho it's a bit more expensive than i remember the ddf being
it's really oil-free
unfortunately it's difficult to get the product out of the container
it's very lightweight and lasts quite a while.
i hate how expensive the small little bottle is
i give it 4 stars just because it's so expensive!
it's a little pricey for the amount that i got out of it
i know it's a little pricey
only 4 stars because it is a little pricey
it also doesn't make me shinny
it's a bit pricey but it's been worth it so far.
anyway he likes it a lot so no more flaky steve
i tend to have some crazy combination skin
it's lightweight and leaves my face soooo smooth.
it is not terribly expensive
it's great, non-sticky, non-greasy.
i know it's pricey, but it is worth it.
it is a bit pricey for the quality
it's light, and works like a charm.
it's truly great for pores
for me, it's worth it.
boy was i wrong the formula didn't seem to dry fully
i think my complextion looks almost flawless w/that combination
the reason i think it's better than murad's mattifying moisturizer is that while murad's has this weird gluey consistency
it's worked out fine for me
so a bit less costly
my skin tone is sooooo even it looks like i'm wearing foundation
there's no words to describe it!
the reason why it's worth the 120$
you may think it's expensive
so perhaps this was overkill for me
i don't need to use makeup everyday soo happy eyes it is pricy
sounds dumb i know
it is very pricey
yes it is a little pricey
sorry bragging a little bit .
it's a bit pricey at $75 a bottle
otherwise goes back to its dull self
wondering if it's new?
it's nice right after
00 is a bit pricy for what it is
i wouldn't categorize it as a holy grail
it's fun to get a few extra products with it for basically the same price
okay, i'm obsessed with this stuff.
it's almost like my skin goes "ahh" when i put it on
i know that sounds ridiculous
as cheesy as it sounds
there isn't anymore texture on my skin
it's feels really light
not tacky or greasy in any way
one star off because it's a bit sticky when i put it on
it's fast-absorbing and does the job.
it also feels epically smooth!
doesn't make me oily it's the best
it's working for me
i say splurge because even though it's not the most expensive product on my dresser
couldn't love this stuff more!!!!
it's been a lil less than a week since i started using it am
i gave this 4 stars only because i find it a little pricey
so some flakiness is inevitable
somehow it's also calming
using the two together certainly isn't cheap
which isn't obvious on this site so application isn't messy
that's why it's called divine oil!
for me it's lovely
it doesn't feel greasy
it's super convenient to use when you're being lazy
there's nothing like it
it's a great alternative to the josie moran
couldn't use it everyday
it's never greasy or slick
it make me feel sexy.
just like my skin after using it, sooo soft.
it's my one fancy splurge that makes me feel luxurious
i hate being that raving lunatic that's sooooo into a product
oh and did i mention it's made in france (;
it's a great oil for my face
can't think of a single con.
because it's a bit pricy for my budget
it doesn't even feel like oil because it's so light
it's super nice on the body though
as so far for me it's been this little magical gem
that it's a thin oil
which is a good thing seeing as it's so expensive
it's strong at first
i think it's a bit overwhelming to use on the face
feel like i'm quickly becoming an oil junkie
a bit pricey for me
it's easy to apply too much
while the caudalie divine oil isn't cheap
it feels really decadent
something about it feels really decadent
it's very relaxing and cozy.
it is indeed divine
i can't say enough praise for claudalie!
it's great for an after-sun
i just wish it wasn't so pricey
expecially with the winter we've had
it's just such an amazing product
so winter is pretty bad
there's also a bit of something sweeter mixed in
it's not overpowering at all.
side note also awesome for hangover face ;)
anyways, it's totally worth it!
i still have pretty bad texture
i like this because it's cheap
it's a great price point for a sephora mask of this quality
this product gets 5 because it's amazing
it's more of an instant fix type thing
although it doesn't say it's for breakouts.
it goes on smoothly and isn't messy or sticky.
quick and easy- buy this mask!
it's easy to wash off
it's an all around great mask!!
it's quite light weight
it's expensive for the amount of product
it was freaking hot
didn't super oily at all
that's the dilemma i'm sure all oily girls struggle with
since my makeup makes me more shiny than usual anyway
it's not "sticky" feeling.
the only downside, it stinks!
it's now my go to product
it's saved my skin during the cold boston winter!
it's great for oily/combination skin.
i think this product is pricey
my doesn't look overly greasy
unfortunately it doesn't last too long
which is handy, because this stuff isn't cheap!
it's certainly worth trying it
it's really humid where i live which makes it worse
isn't too heavy on my skin
only con is that it didn't last
it's fine for now
i live in hawaii where it's humid all the time.
i like this type of product to make my face feel like it's naked
which is nice because it isn't super cheap
it's a heavier version of the regular vinosource cream
sensitive to a super annoying degree
it doesn't feel heavy
it's also very dry as well
it's too oily for the day
which i don't fancy
it's completely essencial to my everyday routine.
i also can't forget the very unattractive flaky looking texture around my mouth
convenient tube that's great for travel
i don't look oily
it's good for all types of skins
it's rare that i feel
it didn't look crazy
it is absolutely not greasy
though as fun as it sounds
it just seems unhygienic to me.
of course it's not a total eraser
it's hard to say what 30% lighter looks like
just doesn't get ride of circles.
i really like the sheer
it's a good base under canceler
i can't say if that's occurred
it's just a nice eye cream!
it's a staple in my skin care routine.
wow 24 hour moisture it's amazing
it isn't a "wow" for me
it's a little too heavy for the summer
it's not greasy at all and it's very gentle.
i got a deluxe size sample that lasted me what seemed like forever
it doesn't make me look greasy
i've started skipping moisturizer since this because it's does it all for me
this wasn't the cause
it doesn't linger and it's not strong either.
it's currently -44°c with the windchill
makes me feel like it's sucking the wrinkles out.
i wasn't expecting much
i cannot rave about this product enough.
the only issue is it's a little expensive.
it's not as good
i know i sound hideous lol
also it's a huge bottle!
for me two drops isn't quite enough
i don't think its a miracle product
it's great at night
some i think are gimmicky
it's super fast absorbing
plus it's cruelty free.
the bottle is a little pricey
it is a little pricey but it lasts forever!
i am super problematic
also my pore strips are low key super depressing because there's never anything on them anymore
it's help even out texture
what it's done for my texture
it's a little bit drying
when i think it's sorted out-bam
this wasn't too bad
even though this is pretty expensive
it is not so cheap one
it is pure without a whole lot of filler ingredients
it's lasted me quite some time
it's a bit pricy but worth it.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
not at all irritating
i can't believe a product actually lives up to the hype
even though the product seems expensive
it's so worth it
it's a little more pricy than i'd like
honestly it's worth it because it works
it's not too bad
honestly it's a huge problem
however, the packaging is stupid.
it's difficult to use and messy!
it's the only thing i count on to get rid of acne
feel weird when i don't have it on
it is a little pricey
i didn't find it overpowering
while it was a bit of a splurge for me
it's not too strong
i didn't rate it 5 stars yet considering it's only been 2 days
i wasn't as oily
it's not a boulder like it would be
i can't rave about this enough.
i love that it's so versatile
it's the end of summer
this stuff isn't the holy grail
this stuff is uh-mazing!
it's absolutely worth it
the results aren't amazing
there's only one issue
i don't really like the container
it sounds too good to be true
they're gone in a day
it's fine to sleep on it
so be ready for a icky stintch
it's so easy to use also.
it won't be messy at all
ok this stuff rocks.
anyway, the murad product was horrible.
it's not a cheap habit
it's really not that bad
not a big deal, just annoying.
it's very subtle though
i know it's pricey
it's as if my skin has been hungover all it's life
i swear it's with it all
i know the price seems crazy
unfortunately i can't splurge on this
it is very pricey
i know their stuff is pricey
it's true that a little goes a long way
now that's saying something
i don't have bad skin
oh my goodness, hubba hubba ...
yes... might sounds weird but true!
yes it's only been a week
it was crazy-making
it's the best thing i've found for my skin
drool over what i couldn't afford
at least i'll have great skin while he's giving me the stink eye
it is super expensive
omg i can't get enough of this creme !!
it's helped my skin sooo much
doesn't feel greasy or icky
i just wish it wasn't so pricey!
that's why i use this at night
it really makes the large jar seem worth it.
yes, it is a ridiculous pricepoint.
$200 cream is not very punk rock
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
feel like that justifies the price a litte more
it's all i need
wish it wasn't so expensive though
i don't write reviews very often
darn if it doesn't give my skin the most amazing glow
i wish this wasn't so expensive
one thing i would definitely say is somewhat of a con is the smell
although it is a bit pricey
my face was sooooooo plump
it is incredibly rich
it is really expensive
yeah it's that good
every time i get a bit cheap
it's nice to have some pre-dream pampering-i wake up to soft
it's definetely worth a try
it's on the expensive side
and it's not greasy at all !
i can't stop raving.
it's so very dior.
the only thing i would say is dior is slightly less greasy
it's really just personal preference
it's crazy to see results so soon!
it is pricey but i think your skin is worth it.
it's too pricey right now
that it wasn't so pricy
feels like i'm wasting product
while this product is insanely expensive
it's worth the struggle
it's almost completely gone
it's tricky to pump out
hoping for something to give my dull/blah skin a bit of oomph
t is too easy to waste it
it's hard to tell much from a sample
although this isn't technically for dark spots
it's making me feel pretty
i look less tired
just wish it wasn't so expensive
except that it's supposed to be wonderful
that's the thing with this product
my beauty routine is very simple
i no longer need moonbeam
it's one of the more natural ones
too much too fast
it's a nice eye cream
i've tried a lot of stuff in the effort to make me look slightly less like the undead
it's definitely a toss up between this
doesn't feel too thick
i started off not expecting much of this product because the name of it seemed so kitschy
it didn't feel overly greasy or heavy
it was a little tacky feeling especially if you use too much
it's done wonders for my skin
it's also not really thick so i like that.
which i haven't yet
it's much much lighter than the ultra repair cream
s it bad for you skin too?
i wish the formula was a tad heavier
however this product just wasn't thick enough
i love that its so simple
i would definitely say it's not nearly as intensive as it sounds from the description--it's light
this is so perfect- it's the perfect no fuss moisturizer
it's so light and so effective.
it's also relatively cheap which is a huge plus!
it's a perfect face cream!
the product is a bit pricey in my opinion
the only downside is it's not spf.
sure it's a bit pricey
you will get kinda oily
it's expensive but totally worth it.
t doesn't feel too heavy
love the packaging so you don't overuse the product
it smells amazing however i don't think it's worth $72
since it's meant to firm
it feels like it's lightening up my malasma a bit
i think it's better to use it during the winter
the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because i feel it's too heavy
i really feel like there's a difference in my skin
wish it wasn't so pricey.
so far it's been really good
it is a little rich
y to give it a little push
i really think it's because of this!
i don't normally rave about products
this really is a bummer
wouldn't feel heavy or tacky
yet doesn't feel heavy
it's been 3 weeks, and so far i love it!
here's how i'm using it
it's sounds like a lot of layers
but i didn't give it 5 stars bc of the smell!
don't i sound attractive?
definitely not as shiny
it is a bit unpleasant
like i can't use neutrogena
i love this mask which is unfortunate because it is expensive
that's how i know it's working!
only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it's pretty expensive for the amount of product you get
don't use it too often
it's more like a burning sensation
ok so this was my first ever glam glow product .
anywho this black one is amazing.
it only tingled like it's suppose to.
$69 is ridiculous for a mask.
won't blame the mask entirely for that
pretty expensive for such a little thing
it's made my face super clean
as weird as it sounds i really like the sensation
i think it's expensive
then omg get this burning thing off me
to say it tingles is quite the understatement
but i don't think it's uncomfortable.
i just wish it wasn't so expensive.
ive always heard such a hype with the glam glow masks
couldn't justify spending so much $$ on a mask
yes it burns... and yes it's worth it.
it's a little more than a tingle
otherwise, it's really nice
that it's a bit messy
it burns but it's worth it.
i know it's expensive
it's really not as bad as some reviewers claim
it's so expensive for such a little jar
it isn't just a tingle for me
for me it just isn't worth it to have my skin irritated
as crazy as it sounds
it's pretty overpriced which is unfortunate
i've seen the circles get sooo much smaller
so that's what makeup is for
it's great under make up and in pictures.
i think that the applicator is bit dumb
i wasn't expecting much
heck, you're worth it, right?
it won't seem so fidgety
usually the hype is bigger
that wasn't the case
didn't sneeze at all
can't use a lot of products
while the packaging is nice it's actually counterproductive since it's see through
other than that it's a wonderful product
it's been perfect in the summer
it's really a luxury product
i forget it's even there.
isn't greasy or too heavy
it's not sticky or greasy.
even though it's expensive
it's almost like a plumping effect.
it's a great face cream
to this day i still don't know what is in the cream due to the japanese label
that's the only reason it didn't get 5 stars
however at 26yo with asian skin that's far off in my future
that's pretty wonderful if you don't find the price a hindrance
just splurge on this stuff
t lasts quite a while
it feels a bit overpriced for what it is
love the packaging, love that it's a pump.
my skin is not dry, it's perfect.
the only thing why it's a 4 stars is because of the ingredients
as it is very pricey
it's worth the luxury!
other than that, it's a great product.
it's totally worth the money.
doesn't leave me shiny
:) this stuff is expensive but it's worth it!
it is in it's own class
it somehow manages to be rich
it's actually not a bad value
omg it is amazing
but yeah the price.... :(
it's worth having clear skin
it's expensive, but worth it for me.
i won't skimp out as much haha
even tho its pricey
a lil goes a long way
it's just too expensive
it wasn't overpowering, though.
it's pricey but worth it.
i know this is a bit expensive
this cleansing oil is soooo good.
pretty much allergic to many things
it was messy to deal with
darn if it isn't the absolute best oil cleanser i have found
you'll see the awesomeness
it just doesn't look very fancy
there isn't so much a foaming reaction
it's also great for combo or oily skin!
it's definitely the best
which looks super fancy on my counter.
i think it's very important to clean your skin
it's easy to use and dispense from the bottle.
darn if it isn't the absolute best oil cleanser i have found
think it's def worth it
it feels like pure luxury
i found the tatcha cleansing oil pretty underwhelming
it is almost too slimy
that's just my preference
i think it's a little pricey for what you get
it is a bit greasy
it is a bit pricey
now i read it's japanese sake
i probably just sounded real dumb
i looked up a lots of stuff
it's super luxurious from the second you open the box
i also don't care for fancy packaging
for now it's too heavy for my combo skin
it is incredibly luxurious, i'm a believer!
it's very easy to apply
it does seem a bit pricy
doesn't leave a sticky or tacky finish
i must also note it's very
i probably won't buy it because it's too pricey
even though it's not bad it still bothers me
it feels a little tacky at first
it feels a little tacky for a little while
it is quite pricey
i'll admit there's a bit of sticker-shock at first
sometimes it felt a bit "tacky
but it wasn't a bad thing!
i know it's pricey
this cream it's really soft
too bad it's so expensive!
a little bit expensive but it's a good eye cream
it sounds a bit silly
the really don't like the packaging
ugh although it's worth it
the stinging isn't that bad
we're talking water-into-wine miracles.
it's a little on the pricy side
so once it's worked it's magic
this stuff is too expensive to waste it
threw down for this spendy product
it is pricy but it works!
even though it's expensive the results make it totally worth it
because this is not cheap
it's not a miracle cure
it makes me feel like it's really getting into my pores
i guess that's just my skin.
obviously it's pretty pricey for a small container
it's so worth it
it rinces off pretty easy
it legit sucks the life out of the blemish
it's very worth it
don't because of this mask
literally everything irritates it.
it is so annoying
even with a mattifying primer it's just not balanced
that's a whole other story
this product is definitely not overrated.
a smooth formula with some odd chunks in it lol
i got this in a haute look set
it's amazing as a spot treatment.
love it but very expensive.
other than that i do love this product just a bit too pricey
idk if my skin is supposed to feel like it's burning
it's not too harsh for me
it is pretty pricey
glam glow is always pretty pricey
it's super worth it
it's so great to get to see instant results
honestly it's not that bad and is effective!
i can't get enough this is my favorite favorite mask
a ridiculous price for a kid
i wouldn't say this mask has instant results
the original packaging is very good tho.
this mask will be soooo worth your money!
i know it's expensive
it's my 3rd time buying it and i like it
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
my t zone and under my eyes gets sooooo oily.
it's really good as a spot treatment too.
because it's so expensive i'm going to try a fresh mask for a while
this stuff is legit
night it's great especially in the florida humidity
it is a little rich
the only con is that it sometimes can be very irritating to my eyes when they're open
just to make sure it wasn't a fluke thing
he says it's lightweight
it is lightweight and doesn't feel heavy.
this stuff is pretty pricey
since it's a little cheaper
they've all been too weak or greasy
my t-zone gets crazy oily
doesn't make my t-zone too greasy
the bottle isn't terrible
seriously it's like having a new face.
it's perfect for the dry winter
even though it seems heavy
it's quite small- i can easily fit it in my hand.
it's so dry that it looks like fuzz
my skin is so dang dry/flakey
we'll definitely be staying stocked on this.
that's when i apply this product
that's fine for now
it's then i stop
i wasn't shiny i didn't feel greasy no itching
this stuff is fab
i don't love it as a primer
it's great for oil control
if that wasn't obvious lol
this stuff makes your pores look less noticeable that's why i love it
i don't mind so much because my skin is so slick
glossy if i don't use this
for example, i have a really nasty t zone.
ladies sometimes it's better to wear the pants
i don't feel greasy
it's been a long process
the oil isn't really heavy or anything
the only aspect i don't like
that's such a good idea
absolutely amazing it's very light
it actually wasn't that bad
sometimes it's every night
i can't live without this now haha.
it's good for my lips.
oh my goodness i looked actually dewey.
seen what all the hype was regarding this dewy craze
it's obvious that it lasts a long time
it's very thick feeling
it's easier to spread that way
it does kinda smell weird though lol
i cannot rave about this product enough.
the only thing is i don't like to mix it with my foundation because i prefer a demi matte finish
i will mix it with my under eye concealer's just a little tho
that's not true at all
my face is always glowing and insanely soft!!!
this stuff is so lightweight
it's great for winter
it's definitely worth a try
i don't use it during the day because it's too thick of an oil
it's awkward, but otherwise no complaints.
it's not too thick or too oily-feeling
my face isn't super oily either
that's all i have to say
well i'm sure there's nourishing going on
it is not shiny when it's absorbed
it's easy on my eyes all day
it's lightweight so i use it day and night.
thought the eye cream couldn't be bad
you're in luck -- this cream doesn't irritate at all
i love that it's very light
that's probably why some say it's greasy
t doesn't feel too too heavy
it isn't greasy or anything
it's not too greasy or oily
it's definitely one of the products that's able to balance out my skin
is super picky about stuff on his face feeling greasy etc
the it is a little pricey
it didn't feel greasy or too intensive
but for me it's great.
it's very lightweight but works well.
lol i so wish it was less expensive
so although it's a little pricey
it's made my face the softest it's ever been
every time "oh my gosh you're face is just so soft
it's light and a little goes a long way.
it's thin but not watery.
i think it spreads
this is getting 4 stars cause i am cheap lol
it's lightweight yet effective.
it's not only balanced my skin
while it's on the expensive side
i don't find it to be greasy at all like a couple reviewers mentioned
because it is soooo pricey
that's good enough for me!
they're big on murad products
and it's only gotten better!
it's a next texture and seems to be working.
it doesn't cake up.
it's amazing the difference you notice
it's a little more money
now it's just so much better
yet it doesn't feel greasy
it's smooth and not greasy at all.
because it's not greasy
it's still not gone
it's lightweight very quick to absorb
it's actually not like a cream though
i can't say it's worth the $65
especially because it was so pricey
for an over the counter product it's really good.
i finally feel like i don't look like a zombie from being so tired
that's an easy fix
it's not quite a miracle worker
the marks arent as bad
it's probably partially because i love them
also they're so expensive for such little product
it's easy to use and really light.
it is quite expensive
i don't know how this works... but it's magical.
making it look like i had this crazy sideburn
that cheek is actually pretty darned good looking
you're using too much
its sooooo worth the money
it's not a quick solution
seriously, gals (and guys), this is worth a shot.
darn those pesky things
that was entirely my fault.
you're pealing lots anyway
i know it's pricey
this stuff is pretty kickass
other than than it's amazing.
it's like a good skin day every day.
it's from biting it too much
it's more than enough
just because it's so easy
it's nice to do masks
not as bad as usual
the price irks me
bam acne like i haven't seen since 13
let the apple of my cheeks soooooo sensitive
only celebrities have good skin because they pay thous
like the fact that it's also a night cream
i know this is going to sound crazy
it didn't cause a breakout
it's the product doing its job!
sure it's rough going at first
it's not an obvious change
yes it's pricey but you get what you pay for.
doesn't make it look greasy
it's free of some questionable ingredients
it's also oil free.
even though it's a bit expensive it lasts me 7 to 8 months
it's worth having clear skin
i find that it is not quite moisturizing enough for my insanely out of balance combo skin
it's a miracle for me
it's also very lightweight
yes it is expensive
it is a bit pricey for me though
thought once again this was wishful thinking
it's definitely getting better
it's well worth it
it's just so expensive for the little amount that you actually get
it's still totally worth it
it's like an oil slick
it's not kidding when it says "multi-perfecting".
it is extremely pricey
it's totally worth it
assuming that's longer-term
it's an awesome product.
it's nice on your skin
it was a bit pricy
not super teeny tiny that they look gone
i cant wear sparkly blush cuz it will emphasize the depth of the pores
gosh if only it weren't this expensive.
the only reason this got 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is soooo expensive
my only objection is that it is pretty pricey
it's also not very h
if other creams have helped it's a coincidence
it's made me look much younger
it's also not greasy or gloppy
it isn't cheap but it seems to work so i'm sold.
it's so true that something tragic happens after 40
i find it non-irritating
it's right here in one product.
but it's worth it.
it wasn't the case
the bottle is quite pricy
nonetheless i have found this product to make good on it's promises
it is kind of pricey
it's been great so far
while i do think it is a bit expensive
the price isn't crazy
it's just a shame this isn't larger
i gave it a high rating because i didn't have a bad reaction to it
it's always a lot of $$ for eye cream
really feels like it's making a difference
my genetics aren't too great either
why it isn't out-rating lamer or these others
it is pretty pricey
i notice it makes my eye area look soooo bright.
it's just a good feeling cream to use
so maybe it's a magic combo?
it's a really great product!
don't expect a miracle,it's still just a cream.
it's defiantly worth it
she's been using it a weetk
circles aren't 100% gone yet
it's not extremely expensive like most eye creams
:donly downside for me is that it is sooo expensive
it's not a miracle in a jar
little goes a loooong way
it's such a simple yet amazing concept
i think it's all causing me to get milia
just use it at night because it's very dewy
it's a great multi-purpose product too
it's so so soothing
it's not too heavy for me personally
ok this review's long overdue!
so here's the thing
it hasn't bothered me
it's getting cold here in minneapolis
nono, will look like a gross shiny ball
if this stuff wasn't so expensive
it's great for dry skin
because it's so light
doesn't feel greasy at all
when i saw the promo vid i thought it may be overselling the uses of this item
heels/ it's non-sticky
seriously love this stuff i'm super dry flaky
radiant i couldn't recommend it anymore i'm about to buy my 3rd tube
a little goes a loooong way
it makes it apply like a charm
a little goes a looong way
surprisingly i liked it too even if its oily
a little goes a loong way too
it's not a miracle cream
this just seemed too greasy
i think it's worth the splurge.
it's like nothing else
it's a great night cream for your eyes
it's definitely a good product
totally saved my california indecisive-weather winter
god awful dry skin
it's a great product for people with very dry skin
even though i wear make-up a guy doesn't wanna look too shiny
but it's an oil so i guess that's expected.
i know it is expensive
doesn't make ur face feel greasy at all
i love that it's natural
it's a perfect travel size too
that to me was just bizarre.
i know it's an oil
it's by far my favorite jmc product.
this is insanely expensive.
it made my skin kinda dull
maybe it's due to the cold
it's not over powering
that being said yes it's very expensive
not annoying or overpowering
it is a little pricey
ps i hardly ever leave reviews
no sense in sharing this beauty secret with duds.
also uses it--he thinks he's sneaky about it
it's an amazing product that delivers.
it's smooth and very nice.
that's the other good thing.
it's actually kind of weird how awesome this stuff works
it's also weird how some br
it's borderline greasy so you don't need a ton.
i think it's a great value
i think it's better than algenist!
its really amazing and soooo gentle.
not to mention the fact that even though it's a small jar
have tried all the latest/greatest/blah blah blah products
which is not normal for me because i'm a product junkie
it's a beautiful way to start my day
i love that it's in a squeeze bottle
it takes some getting used to since it's a little sticky
didn't feel greasy at all
this product is sooo good
giving it 4 stars because it's great
it's just not as miraculous as some products i have found here
think that's why it's considered a mask
i especially like that it's oil free.
for the price, that's an insanely good deal!
seriously it's too expensive
it's exactly what i was looking and well priced!
it's pretty light and not oily.
is a bit much for everynight
it's also surprisingly affordable!
my favorite things about this are that it's in a very controllable squeeze tube
because i feel it's too oily for anything
it's a mask for bedtime so who cares
this is soo good for that
it's a tad too greasy for my entire face
puts some fancy over-hyped over-fragranced
doesn't mess up my pillow
this mask is no joke.
it's so smooth going on
it's not thick by any means
this is great it didn't cause any weird breakouts
this cream isn't greasy or heavy which is awesome
its not cheep and is pretty nice quality.
it's gentle enough to use every few days
not in an irritating way- it is refreshing
so the price actually isn't as intense given you can garner 16+ spa facials out of this
it doesn't seem too expensive
masks tend to get icky
it's a super smart purifying mask that it wont make ur skin feel dry
it's soft texture make me feel so good everytime i use this mask
i gave it 4 stars because to me its bit pricy another reason is that it comes in 8 small jars
it has a sort of fake
the blush is really good too
each little pot of mask product is probably enough for 4-5 applications so the price really isn't that bad
it's not anything severe
if it wasn't so expensive
this mask is no joke!
oooh the feel of your face is #heaven
the cool is a little off putting once it's on
so dont be cheap and use a whole pod at a time..i
being wishy washy dont be
as i have the "if there's no tingle
get sooo much product
it's cold when you put it on
it's cold at first
enjoy!one pd is actually enough for 2 people.
it's perfect for my super dry skin
it's not greasy at all
love that it's non greasy
love that it's non irritating
we've had very dry weather lately
it's a little sticky at first
too bad it doesn't really quench my skin's thirst
my skin still feels like it's going to crack
even though i used the word greasy
they're awesome return policy.
i also love that there aren't a bunch of nasty chemicals in it
when it's very dry i use 3
it's also not a bad price for a "fancy" sephora br
it's a good product for summer
the packaging is very cute
t is a good "green" choice
for me it's completely matte?
i like how this isn't ridiculously greasy.
it legit smells like play-doh.
i guess i gotta experiment with some perfumes to cover it up
isn't greasy for a very long time
it's nothing a bit of powder can't fix
it's perfect for me
i like that it doesn't have harsh ingredients
it's really hard to find an spf that isn't thick
it's sunny almost everyday
it's pretty much awesome.
i don't seem to be allergic to this
not this stuff tho
a lil goes s long way
the product isn't tacky or sticky
although it's a little oily
i love that it's non-greasy
it's perfect under make-up
it doesn't have the nasty spf feel
it wasn't too thick like a lot of products with spf
it is too heavy for me
you will still like this because it's florally
i can't feel it once it's on
it doesn't make me look greasy
chaps my skin pretty terribly
and the tube is uber cute.
so the non-oil free version is god for me
it's not "heavy", and goes on easily!
it's also very easy to toss into your beach bag
it's so lightweight for spf 30.
i don't know if it's fragrance-free
i think it's great
it's pricey but well worth it.
i think it moisturises, but it's hard to tell.
it's strange to both like a product
it's worth it for me
t doesn't feel like you're layering on product
it's the only thing that makes my skin smooth
my skin legit drinks this stuff.
i can't believe it hehe
the only thing is that it may be a pricey habit
i can't rave about this enough, it's magic.
my skin looks better on it's own
the cute little cubed jar lasted me a lot longer than i thought
it is a bit expensive
i know it's pricey
there just isn't a dupe or bargain br
there was no stickiness or tacky feeling
it didn't have as much wow effect
it's much to awesome to tissue off!
i don't use it as a mask
i know it's a mask
however nothing too bad
although pricy, this is a great cream.
no joke... another nars must haves!!
i don't have flaky
it's going to lat for quite a while
this hasn't made me break out even a little bit
definitely easy to overuse so only three drops max
it's especially great for winter time.
it is not overly greasy
that's with daily use
super super super good.
it was ugly, embarrassing and uncomfortable.
that's kind of never happened before with a beauty product
it's so refreshing to be surprised by effectiveness
doesn't leave you all shinny
so basically my skin is a mess.
i love this oil it's not as heavy which i like
it literally lasts forever
it is a little pricey
it's a pretty big bottle
feels so good it's worth the oiliness
i can't get over this stuff.
my skin used to be really.... weird.
soft i can't stop touching it
00cad i thought was rather expensive
because it really is overrated/lackluster to me compared to these two
comes in cute packaging
it's lighter than me josie oil
too bad it's so pricy
it's certainly worth it
it's has a great lather.
still hasn't lost it's appeal.
i love that it lathers up so much.
i like it--true to it's description.
lol that sounds so dorky but it's true!
it is a bit pricey
a lil bit goes a long way :
i find that it's perfect for my skin
it's also super lightweight
it is a little pricey
there's nothing amazing about it
it's a bit over-priced for how much is in there
if it wasn't so expensive
it's not too heavy
and also, it wasn't greasy and heavy.
overall i think it's good
so $10 a month isn't so bad
it's just super lightweight
i know it's not everyone's preference
it's super horrible at this time of year
this is my fav because it's not as heavy as regular creams
it's always a good comment
i know this was a bit long-winded
first of all, i think gel "cream" is a misnomer.
it's not greasy at all
in my opinion it isn't too overpowering
it's enough for one application
it didn't overdo it
don't think it's strong like other reviewers said
it's not greasy at all
i imagine it's good for daytime
i think it's better for nighttime
there's no greasy feel afterwards
this one is really good for my normal skin both when i'm in boston
it doesn't feel greasy.
while it may feel slightly tacky
it's true that the gel is a little bit sticky
it isn't as red
but that's not what it's intended for.
everything from pricey br
it is not cheap
not as much as the ole br
i think it's called
not use something that's too harsh
it's been known though out history
it's just not strong enough.
that's why i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5
it's expensive but only one pump works!
hey it's about working well not being injected with perfumes
it scares a little bit with it's orange color so be careful with clothes
btw at first your face will look look sort of orangey
as expensive as this is, i can't live without it!
she had this amazing omega 3 oil that was incredibly pricey
but it's also over $300!
i can't go back to the plain oil anymore
it won't be overly oily
it is such a refreshing wakeup
i wasn't expecting to like this product just because i'm really picky
that's not the case
like all ole henriksen products
i find it refreshing
it's the last thing you use
i can't believe how wonderfully smooth
wow, yep it does help.
it wasn't the wonder product for me
just a little bit of blush
which is just kind of meh
i just a bit confused
it's totally worth it
it's due to this product
it's got good qualities
i don't feel like it is too heavy
so far it hasn't
perfect just wish it wasn't so pricey.
sure it's more expensive
it's my new go to eye cream.
it's not nearly as bad as before
that's why i gave it 4 stars instead of 3.
it's made such a difference
no one has any idea that it's from self-tanner
the only downfall is that it's a little expensive
just wish it wasn't so expensive.
so yes, it's become a must.
ugh, i have to buy more once i run out.
thought "jeez i look pleasantly different for some reason
sounded silly, but she's totally right!
so far, it's been a pleasant experience.
which sucks because i paid 100 bucks for this.
it's pretty but it lasts a long time.
i know that sounds like hyperbole
my skin is like a joke
the juvederm just didn't perk my face up like usual
it's a great one to keep on you
which i find super strange
it's not as heavy as cream
the fact that it's a gel makes it so lightweight
it's actually my second time using this
it isn't sticky or greasy.
it doesn't leave a weird film or any stickiness.
this is lightweight and didn't break me out.
it's got light weight feel
it's texture is just that
nothing tingly, it's very nice.
so don't go scooping a big dollop
it's described as gel-like
not necessarily like a morning glass of oj
it's super light weight
since it doesn't have spf
not the biggest fan of it's semi-gel like consistency
the only dislike is it feels very heavy especially since there isn't spf
i get this refreshing water feeling that i can't quite describe
after that it's refreshing
didn't make my face look like a greaseball
le an oil slick if that's a concern for you
it made my aging skin look pretty darn good
it's been the best primer i've tried this far
this primer isn't sticky
not the genius cream
obvi it doesn't last 24 hours
it's pretty close though.
i know the algenist line is pricey
it is a bit pricy
this primer is amazing even tho i just noticed a little difference in my pore size it's still an amazing product
it's made my skin look
i'll just keep this short and sweet.
a bit pricy, but so worth it.
t seems strange that everyone's makeup is coming off lol
if that's what it's for, aces.
i guess for it being a primer
it isn't dry either
usually don't overdo it
nonetheless, it's a very good moisturizer.
i only gave this a 4star because it's just too pricy for me
it's a fairly thick cream
don't use too much at one time otherwise i think it'd be a tad greasy
it's a little bit greasy at first
it's non irritating and makes my skin look great.
it's also totally non-drying.
it's hard to tell when it's going to run out.
but don't be fooled!
it's absolutely worth it in my opinion
this is amazing for combo skin that doesn't want any of the slick
it is a bit pricy
yay, doesn't irriate skin or make me itch.
it's expensive at $100 a pop
which is very annoying due to the price of the stuff
it might seem petty
it really works on my fussy
there's definition in my cheeks
yes it is very expensive for a very thin bottle.
it's expensive, but algenist delivers!
they aren't as bag
a bit pricey, but it works well.
it's easier on the skin than retin a
i think i look pretty darn good these days.
algenist comes darn close with this serum
which i was seduced into buying through their devilishly clever sampling program
it's not too harsh either.
it's definitely a money saver
that's what botox is for folks
t seems this isn't great for me
i know it's worthe the $$
ful of times when the greasy face thing happened
i love that it isn't at all too perfume-y.
because they're too sticky
it's the perfect formula for combo skin!
it's just the best of it's kind
it's tolerable when all it's other attri
it's especially nice in the summer because it goes on so cool
which makes sense because it's in it's name
makes me wan to try more of the korres line
this is my fave so far
i wouldn't say it's overpowering
it's a bit expensive but it's the best.
it just feels like it's freaking out i put this on
it's luxurious but light.
it's gonna be a lifelong staple
i know this is a little pricey
it's my favorite now!!!
i am obsessed with this sleeping facial forget all night this stuff seems to work as soon as it's on my face
i guess that's ok in winter time
it's not as rich as other br
too much for my combo skin
it's not at all thick.
i can't place it
it's so strong that it makes my eyes water
i don't think it's too much for my normal/oily combination skin
completely obsessed with this.
this stuff, however, is a dang miracle.
even that isn't very much
it'll definitely last a while
it's the one product i just can't live without
i only wish it wouldn't be so pricy!
it's not really drying
seriously no joke this stuff is totally worth the money
it's still oily by many st
don't know, if it's worth the price though
i don't find it unpleasant
though it's fine to use in the day
i don't look exhausted
it's not the most flattering look since it appears so oily
it wasn't a life changer
but it is a bit pricey for an oil.
it's just been so amazing for me
my breakouts are almost not existent anymore
don't shy away from it because it's an oil
she swears it's because of this cream
it's expensive but i still love it!
it is a bit pricey
it's not greasy on your face
it's worth it to me to see results
i only gave it 4 stars because it's so expensive
in my opinion it's worth it to have healthy-looking skin
sooooo bummed that its out of stock.
i don't like foundation
it's indeed non-tacky
there's no sticky feel.
it's really rich so a little goes a long way.
it's way too delicate.
it's an expensive product
it is a little expensive
the packing is pretty gender neutral for those guys that don't like feminine looking packaging
it is not tacky on me
it's light and a little goes a long way.
how this feels when it's on the skin
i don't see why people think this is "tacky" because for me it's lightweight
not sure why other reviewers found it tacky
my skin goes absolutely nuts
it doesn't leave a white film
it does look a smidge shiny on
i know it's pricey
it's a good investment for my skin
it's not shiny or sparkly
it's been a lifesaver for my winter-sensitive skin
this stuff is expensive
it's sure has luxurious feel to it.
it's a great way to get daily spf on my face.
it's honestly just this!
love how non-greasy it is.
overall, it's not a bad product.
it's very easy to use too much
can't remember the product name
it is not tacky like some reviews mention
t's not irritating at all
a little pricey but a little goes a long way.
you don't need a lot which is great because this stuff isn't cheap
it is pretty expensive
because it's worth it to me to use this
it's basically given me new skin
okay, so this might sound stupid.
the product it's a bit pricey
but for me it's worth it to have on hand.
it is a bit pricey for me but so worth it.
i think for what it is it's pretty expensive
it's probably not even half gone
if i wasn't ballin on a budget
even though it is really expensive
it's not oily whatsoever
that's insane for me
it is very pricey
just wish it wasn't soooooo expensive!
i honestly think that even though it's more on the pricy side
was like hey i think this is that stuff i have tons of sample bottles of
it's worth every penny for my girls with combo skin
really like no exaggeration.
it's the best thing i've used so far to get rid of fine wrinkles
i know it's expensive
that's not really what it's for
soooo much more youthful
it works ridiculously well.
it's totally worth it
i think it's great for daytime.
it is super pricey but a little goes a long way.
this rollerball packaging is pretty bad because it doesn't allow any product to come out
i love that it's portable
i am a product junky
it became a bit pricey
it's a very thoughtful line with truly beautiful
it's the best i've ever used.
i don't feel duped or like i ran out too fast
totally worth the price if you're into actual green beauty
i'll never be without this mask, it's that good.
you'd think for 77 dollars
but it's worth it.
i wasn't expecting much
a tad bit goes a long way
am very glad that it's not perfumed
it makes my skin look amazing, no exaggeration.
this isn't a hg product for me
there is a lot of hype around tata products
i love that it's natural too.
it's a bit pricy for the amount
yes it is pricey
i'll continue to forever- it's that good
it's a repeat buy for me.
it lasts a very long time since you only need a smidge
it's packed with amazingness
to me it's like a natural
i hated the scent although it wasn't too strong or overbearing
that's not uncommon as i have sensitive skin
i can't really describe it
it feels a little weird when it's dried on your face
admittedly, i'm kind of a mask fiend.
they're usually pretty lackluster in results
i love it when a product is no frills
i like that it's gentle as well.
it's definitely more on the pricey side
it is not irritating at all
seems pricey for what it is
although it's a great product
it is a little pricey
i don't have that tight
the only bummer is i got one with a defective pump
but it's still great.
that's still not a long time
it's a little strange to on your face dry
i think it's worth it
the price is intimidating but it's so worth it :)
definitely worth the hype
the bottle is so pretty on my vanity
it's waaay too abrasive for that
there's some weird convenience
have tried everything including expensive treatments like lamer
it's got scrubby bits
if you don't use it too often it's great
so expensive, but i love it anyway.
it's not super rough on the skin either
sometimes it won't pump out at all which is odd
it's way too expensive for what it is
didn't realize it was supposed to be a "conscious beauty"
it's refreshing and feels non-drying.
what bothers me is price :) but it's worth it.
the pump only puts out a small amount at a time so even though it's pricey
it's an expensive thing to have to throw away due to an allergy
but wait, there's more.
i wish it wasn't so crazy expensive
it's a truly must-have product
it's nice to have products you feel so good about using
it sounds like most people complaining got the sample
this is embarrassingly expensive
it's too expensive to use on my whole face
have u tried any of the pericone products which really stinks or lancôme which is highly perfumed
i find it somewhat amusing that most people hate this scent
to me it proves they are so used to artificially scented things
it is too much for a br
let's get pass that
too bad the price is a little outthere
it's thicker than i expected
it's pricy, but most natural products are.
wish it wasn't so expensive
even though it isn't cold by then it helps me use les product
i am happy with the results plus it's a nice cooling roll on
which doesn't work btw
i actually preferred it without that extra "cold"-ness
i think it's ok.
it's not sticky or anything like that
on top of that, it's super sensitive.
check google if you're unfamiliar
i am combo/oily so this is perfect
which is good because it is pricey.
tots not a problem anymore after this
it's not too heavy
nothing seems to tame my overactive t-zone
maybe it's the combo of face wash i use
it's just the perfect product.
so far it's great!
it's enjoyable to wake up
i got this as a point perk
lol i didn't even put makeup on.
it's $$$, but worth it.
but it's more than that description.
it's too much for me to use daily because of my skin type
i've gone thru almost everything- from inexpensive to few thous
it's cheap so i wanted to give it a try.oh boy.
it is too pricey
seems pricey, but a little goes a looooong way!
i am a penny pincher with treatment products because they are overhyped
it's not cheap but it will last.
i am not being hyperbolic
it's a bit cost prohibitive.
radiance, why aren't you mine?
i don't know if the science is sound
i got this as a 100 point perk
as a facial oil it's pretty great
holy geez, this stuff is amazing.
it's not as oily as it usually is
it's not like your normal oil
that even though it's an oil
so far it's my miracle!!
i can't sing it's praises enough
in my opinion it's worth it
i've never had awfully bad acne
since using this product that's all gone
it's been frigid this winter
maybe i sometimes put abit too much
i love the algenist because it's a perfect balance
i appreciate that, since it's a very pricey oil.
my flakiness is gone
to my surprise it wasn't "oily" at all
i say it's worth a try!
it's just the best serum you'll ever use!
but.... the thing is.. it's so expensive.
it's amazing i tell you!
i always keep this in my arsenal because it's never a bad purchase
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars was because it's not moisturizing
this product is not just alittle pricey
even though it's not the most affordable product
i don't like to exaggerate
maybe it's just me.
my skin feels and looks soooo good.
obviously it's not just the serum
sometimes i even skip blush
it's a basic part of my routine.
it's so worth it for me
i know it's pricey
i think it's very worth it
i don't usually right reviews
it's pricey, but worth it if you can swing it.
for now i'll be sticking to my good old ole henriksen truth serum
it says it's for nighttime
it's just as awesome
yes its tacky but it feels nice.
it goes on so nice isn't greasy at all.
it's really an amazing cream.
i think it's worth the money!
it's amazing i use it day
i know it's pricey
it could be used as a primer, it's that good.
oh and the silicone in it isn't overbearing.
it's just the right balance
even though it is quite pricey
i look pretty good for such an old gal
i like that it's a pump and not a dropper .
it goes on sooo smooth
i think it's pretty decent for my type of skin
maybe it's just because of my weird skin
i think it's a good purchase
it's nourishing but not to heavy.
have that weird dilemma of oily
it's pretty heavily scented so some people might not like that
doesn't feel greasy or shiny after
i think it's worth it.
pretty good -- it's non-sticky
so far not bad .
it's definitely been bothering me
it's pricey, but i think it's worth it.
it's so pricey though
it's not too greasy or heavy feeling
it's the kind of holy grail product that
it's so light weight
that i don't look tired
this product it's great
the packaging is awful
it's been okay so far
a bit on the pricey end for my taste
it's not for bags
it feels like it's tightening everything up.
i kind of feel like it's diminishing them
they didn't look as plump
it's a little pricy but so worth it!
maybe it's just my super oily skin that's keeping me from looking closer to 20 than 30
that's the only thing i don't like about it though
it's perfect with my clarisonic
i can't believe so little reviews!
it's always a nice perk in products for me
it's done the complete opposite
i didn't realise there was a light version of this oil
it didn't make me shiny
protect it because it's definitely a holy grail
it's great for oily skin
i noticed i didn't get shiny at all
skin hasn't looked this healthy in a loooong time
oh my gosh it is sooooo light
it's not too oily and have a lovely consistency.
this stuff is gold!
it isn't oily or greasy
it's perfect for the winter
4 stars because it's on the pricier side
that stuff is great, but can be a lil drying.
it's to much for my skin
fave part about this stuff
it's not greasy at all.
it's great for skin
it's also fantastic for use on nails
flaky that nothing helped
it's on a dry side
it's not an oily look at all
5 oz bottle since i figured worse case scenario i wouldn't use it all
oh my gosh was i wrong.
it's just so wonderful
that's enough for my whole face
i can't use it
it is incredibly overpriced
when you put it on you may think it's kinda greasy
because it's an oil
otherwise it's a great product
it's a game changer product for me.
at $65 it's a bit on the pricey side
i found that though it's super thick it actually absorbs really well
i know it's cliche
so far it's all been good.
it's not that painful
it's also not pleasant
it's scary how much makeup residue this stuff picks up
s so nice it makes it pampering a bit
no mess, no hassle, easy to use.
since everyone's skin isn't the same
i didn't give five stars because it's not quite a miracle product
this made it soooo even
if you tend to be a bit lazy
while you're at it
i love it, but it can be a little annoying.
but wait, there's more.
the only downside is that it's pricey
it's good for my skin
i would recommend this even though it's a little pricey
i know the price tag on this is kind of ridiculous
you'd get amazing results
i know its pricey
it's an amazing discovery
it is very pricey
yes, it's a little tacky but nothing too serious.
extremely expensive but totally worth it!
it's not like a wow i have no wrinkles anymore antiaging mask
it's really expensive but you don't need much.
literally saved my skin when i waaaay over did it ok the retina
it is not as heavy as you'd think
the one thing i disliked is that it's so expensive for that little bottle
won't make me too greasy
it's worth your money
there's nothing like it
it's sooooo soft when i wake up
it's not greasy or too sticky.
it's perfect for winter!
doesn't sink in super fast
this isn't greasy, heavy and doesn't wear off.
it's wonderful for the price
it's lightweight and amazing for my skin.
nothing that i can't st
it's not too greasy
it's perfect as a night cream
i think it's because i was so use to the lightweight-ness of the gel
plus it's easy to apply
it's not that i don't like other ones
it's so light it is perfect for under the eyes.
i find that it's quite depuffing
it's so nice to use it in the morning.
i tried so many pricy products
i don't have fine lines
i think it's a great price for an eye cream
not irritating at all
not because it's fundamentally getting rid of my dark circles
it's like it comes out white
haven't found something i didn't like
or make me look dull
most have been mediocre
it's fairly rich so you only need a little
it's really light and offers great coverage.
it's definitely lightweight and non-greasy.
it just wasn't me!
quickly sucks it in
it's lightweight and doesn't feel oily.
that's to be expected with combo skin
it's not too heavy either
perfect for winter because it's a bit heavy.
it just seems like they used some really cheap plastic
i remember the angst
didn't leave a bunch of product buildup
so that's saying something .
so although it's not cheap
it is a bit pricey
i do like the scent even tho it is a bit over powering
nothing worked until i found this beaut
albeit, it wasn't as bad as before.
i think it's especially perfect for combination skin
oh, so soft, so smooth.
but here's the honest part, it stings-badly.
after a few days it's only mildly tingly
i must say it's a life changer
it wasn't too bad for me it just took some getting used too
can be sure it's accurate
it's something i can h
yes, it is uncomfortable.
it's nothing that you can't tolerate
that's all that matters to me
it's been really bad lately
yeah these burn a little
it's not anything unbearable
its tolerable if your not a big baby
it's a vicious cycle where i get a series of breakouts
i didn't find it to be unbearable
nothing topical does really
that's what i ended up doing
normally i would wuss out
it's not like a nice tingle
it does sting a little but i find it tolerable.
nothin works like this
very tolerable amount for me
"the pill" alone isn't quite enough to tame my face volcanoes
it's true that it goes away after a minute
it feels like it's burning
if it is itching insanely for five minutes i'll live
it's good with everyday use
this stuff really freakin stings.
i'll give these 4 stars because they're definitely potent
it stings but that's fine because it works.
it's too soon to tell
i don't get the bad reviews
maybe those reviewers don't underst
they're super saturated with the medicine
it doesn't sting for me.
which is a good thing because it's rarely in stock
cream albeit a bit pricey
afterwards there's just this soothing comfort
this mask is in my opinion quite expensive
it does not contain alot of irritating ingredients
or whenever your skin feels blah
if it's good enough for the folks at vogue
it's good enough for me
is it just that i know it's so pricey
i then feel fancy using it?
(i don't very often.)
i can see why this is a cult classic around the world
winter because it's great for aging
to moi, it's a must have!
if you're really on a super saver budget,
if it isn't holy grail i don't know what is.
it is a bit expensive
oh my goodness, it is worth every penny.
i know it seems quite pricey
considering the fact that it's a wash
which i think is cool
as corny as it sounds, i'm hooked on the ritual.
i know it's a bit pricy
i think it's worth it
i sometimes get lazy
it's very pricy i think i'll buy it in the future for sure
it read "probably the best cleanser in the world"- vogue
the only downfall to this seriously cool
it's given me very good results!
it's a bit weird to apply
this isn't super great for that
admittedly, i use this mask too often.
so for me to call a tingle refreshing is no small thing
it's very still when it comes out of the tube
it wasn't a film on my skin
it's the perfect happy medium!
which isn't unpleasant at all
it's doubly shocking that people don't read the ingredients before they buy
it might seem expensive
i do feel that it's best on morning skin
the fact that it is non-stripping for my dry-ish
it's a bit pricey, but worth it.
i do like the no frills packaging.
which isn't my favorite
seems cheaper than going to a derm
it's pricey so i'm not sure i'll keep using it.
b/c it's helluva lot for the size
it's just not for your skin is all
you don't need to gob it on
isn't too greasy for my summer skin
thought it was broken/pump seems cheap
not jive with makeup
it's work every penny!!!
it does sting slightly, and that's the truth!
it's nothing short of a miracle!!
don't you know it was chock full of more fabulous product
it does feel slightly stingy
super lovely, super effective.
this stuff is worth it's weight in gold
it's not a miracle treatment
but it wasn't quite enough.
this isn't irritating in the slightest
it could be wishful thinking
it's really not bad at all
yes it stings somewhat
to my surprise it's far from the rest!!!
does it come in a jar packaging that's totally unsanitary
it's turned out to be totally worth it
it's not that bad
eh- i'm really not crazy about the burning so maybe not
really feels thick enough to where i know it's protecting me
that's what i like about it
it is really expensive
i am even more fastidious
even though it's a bit pricy
can't give it 5 stars
not sure if it's worth 100$ a bottle
i like to splurge when it comes to keeping my skin pretty :
it's still not empty
it's hard to spend that much on one product
i've tried everything from the most expensive to the super cheap stuff
etc with zippo results
i don't want to splurge in a such expensive product
i can't rave enough about this product.
i find it quite pleasant
makes a humongous difference folks
that's just to name a few benefits
i say all of this to say that this night cream worked w/ my skin in all it's permutations
it's rich, but not heavy or thick.
it is definitely greasy.
murad is the one that truley delivers
i gave this cream four stars because i think it's a good cream
my skin isn't perfect
it's far better than it was
it's so much better
i don't feel like it's stripping out oils
because it's so foamy
it's hard enough to deal with aging
is not least bit irritating
it's a godsend in the winter
i think it's a good choice for winter.
it's honestly the best mask i've ever used.
it's worht the splurge.
it's highly concentrated yet still gentle.
don't let the pearl-like appearance freak you out
it's really not that expensive
lately my skin has been outrageously dry
it's really nice and gentle and effective.
it is such an awsome product
it's really so gentle
price isn't too bad either as it lasts quite a while
or are basically unremarkable
which is decidedly over 40
it's almost like a peel.
wow it is cooling
it's an interesting formula
almost everything irritates it
they're all great products.
i kinda went overboard this week
it is quite expensive.
it's still an awesome product
it's a nice cooking mask
if your a vib or vib rouge i have gotten a bunch of these from promo codes
it's a winner for combination that leans a bit dry
acne prone- that's where this stuff has been a holy grail for me
although the initial coolness is a little bit shocking
after a minute it's very soothing
it's feels like your skin is cold
i know it's pricey
it's definitely worth the money
so far i think it's pretty good
it's an cow quick enlightening mask.
it's nice but not amazing
but maybe i'm just a sloppy sleeper :p
my skin looks soooo good
it's not harsh at all
when i apply it it's cold
its really good for the cali summer
it's pretty different to get used to since you don't use water
everything on my fave comes clean
it's a big bottle, and you don't need much!
is a bit expensive though!
if it wasn't so expensive
the only thing i hate about it is the dropper thing
not too heavy now that it's spring
absolutely hate the dropper.
even though this is a pure oil
i love this oil it's light
it is not too rich and spreads beautifully.
i find it very luxurious
it's also helped with my laugh lines
it's a staple in my morning
it's on the pricey side
really does it's job
this is even better because it's not greasy or shiny
it's not oily at all
i don't find it overpowering at all
to be honest the smell alone is so amazing that it's the highlight of my skincare routine
trust me, i have ridiculously oily skin.
even though it's a slightly thicker formula
it spreads sooo well.
didn't try it right away because it's thicker
it's only day 3 of using this
was a tad skeptical of it
i actually feel like it's improved the look
even though it's a tad pricey
so many people said it's perfect
it's more good for combination skin i guess
the only thing i'm iffy on is the packing.
this product is worth that little bit of annoyance
it's just so soft
i can be flakey
scent if it's not strictly necessary
other than that, it's a fabulous cream.
that isn't in my budget
it's perfect for my combination skin
it's not super heavy either and i like the scent.
this stuff isn't greasy
i don't think it's worth the money
it's pretty pricey though.
on its own it's really nice
doesn't make me shiny
which i wish wasn't so expensive
it's my favorite so far out of everything i've tried
the only down side is that it's a bit pricey for me
quick background: i have terribly oily
my skin was freaking out
the stuff is borderline miraculous
unlike some of other over-hyped
when i put highlighter on it's a nightmare!!!
feels lovely after you get over the initial oh it's not a cream moment
it's a serum and i don't find it sticky at all.
it is light weight not weird
i actually prefer this over it's sibling
it didn't totally rock my world
it's so easy to use
keep in mind this isn't technically an anti-ager
it's been a long battle.
my skin is very fickle minded
one day it's super oily
even though it's not a serum, i use it as one.
it doesn't have a fancy smell or fancy packaging
it's not sticky or greasy
it's my day cream nowadays
ts nearly impossible to know whats hoopla
the hype is real.
it's definitely become a new winter staple for me
i don't have perfect skin because of it
it's more than proved its worth
so far it's really great
it's a generous bottle, too.
i don't care for the cream as it's a bit too heavy for me
i don't have many thing i call holy grail
i don't like the fragrance but that's ok.
t's a no brainier for me
it's the perfect consistency and i love it.
it's not too greasy
!, but it's still the best cream i have tried.
so that's my excuse
they product goes on sooo smoothly
i guess we'll see about the age arrest anti-wrinkle part of the cream
the push dispenser/top is pretty cool too.
it's actually really good
it's not been pretty
it's made my skin look
it's soo gentle and smooth!
one thing i don't like is that it isn't fragrant free
fyi a little goes a long way
it's so gentle, i love how it makes my skin feel!
this thing lathers like crazy
which is especially good for using with my clarisonic mia
it makes a nice rich lather
i like to think of my skin type as the worst of the worst: terribly sensitive
s that were either disastrous or just meh
it's my new favorite.
i originally thought it seemed to pricey
it's nothing a good moisturizer can't balance back out
it's the best for my skin type
from cheap to very pricey
simply it's a miracle in a jar
i love that it's gentle
it's an absolute must have
good for using when you want to feel indulgent
it's not greasy at all
it is a bit expensive
it's thick, but it didn't make me break out!
not to mention the container for it is adorable
my skin just feels sooo soft everyday i wake up
i think it's good
some people say it's a little oily.
this stuff is my jam!!!
no, it's not too heavy for daily use.
this stuff is a god send!!!!
for $45 it's not a ton
it's great, but it's not perfect.
it's more than enough to cover my entire face
it's rich without being heavy
in the winter it's mostly my t-zone that's oily
it's quite dense; just a small amount is needed.
there's not a good way to store it
soooo far it hasn't done much of that
omg did it really lighten my scars!!!
it's making my face pretty dry
wouldn't recommend it if you're using a really harsh topical medicine
i wouldn't say it's lightweight
it's not at all greasy or heavy
it's so far worth the money!
doesn't really feel greasy or heavy
i think it's too heavy for day
think it's best maybe for just as a night cream
it's way too rich
the packaging is silly.
especially for something so pricey
actually thought it was cheap stuff because of the packaging
it's kind of ridiculous how much it costs
bit pricey but little goes long way.
i'll tell you that the funkiness goes away
overall, yes, but it's no miracle in a jar.
it's a little too pricey for me
making the price seem slightly less outrageous
it's compatable with my makeup
if ur sensative to heavy smells don't buy
so while i think it's probably a fine eye cream
the price kept me away for awhile just seems so expensive
it's pricier than some
it's a bit pricey, but perhaps it's worth it!
it's very expensive for the amount in the jar.
i love how it just glides on oh so gently
however it's not a miracle cream.
the packaging is clunky
it's a very subtle difference
it's pricy but worth it.
it's quite pricey which is sad
the flakiness is back too
it's totally worth the money!
it is not cheap
for only $46 it's a great eye cream.
its toooo expensive for how much is in the container
t doesn't feel greasy
just seems to be ridiculously easy to "use" far more than you need
it also makes my skin look soooo good
this oil makes my face soooo soft
surprisingly i really like the idea of face "oil"
it's the best by far
i don't have shiny
it does seem a little greasy
it's annoying as the product gets low
i agree that this gets a bad rap.
seemed silly to purchase something i couldn’t keep on my face
why there's low stars for this product
it's a little pricey for the amount you get
some of the reviewers seem to be mistaking this product with a primer which i can't even wrap my head around
this combination has done sooo much
now it's so soft
i didn't find it overpowering or offputting
dull i guess you can say weathered
he skin looks so good i am using it now instead of my overpriced serum
a tad overpriced for what it delivers
it's the best feeling eye cream i've tried to date
so the price tag isn't so hard to take
seem not so dark
i guess it's good for face
both times i've used it my face is insanely soft
t is actually a pretty good value too
it isn't harsh at all
it's perfect for my dry-combo skin.
it's very kind to the skin
this is my fave so far
in fact, it's my fave cleanser of all time.
let's start by saying this is not hg for me
for the morning it's perfect
that's enough to spread all over
it's not a greasy oily feel either
again, maybe bad marketing?
it's very light on the face
it doesn't feel like it's cleaning very much
when my skin is at it's worst it will flaky
i find it's sufficient
it is very thick and kinda sticky.
this mask is soooooooo hydrating it's insane.
it's cool tho because that i don't buy things i don't need
i like to glam glow thirsty mud just as much as i love this one
that's how i use this.
but for night it's fabulous.
it's a great way to wake up!
love that it's a squeeze bottle
it's pricey but so worth it.
especially if you're a side sleeper
it's absolutely worth trying!
that's to be expected as a mask
they're not super pricey, a great buy.
it seems so heavy
there was nothing sexy about it.
i don't usually writes reviews
is not overly heavy
it's great at night
it's made without a bunch of nasty preservatives
it feel so lightweight that i don't think it's appropriate to call it a "mask"
maybe a tad greasy for me
it doesn't feel heavy at all
although it's getting oilier
omg i love this it's soft
flaky no matter what
however it's not a deal breaker since i like the product
i don't feel like it's better than this one
it isn't overwhelming at all.
i wish this wasn't so outrageously expensive.
it isn't super strong
it's incredibly soft with some slip
they're gone for good
i find it refreshing
i don't usually wear foundation.
i didn't expect perfection
all i know is they're mostly gone
although it's not cheap
it's my new go to
this time it's a yes
it's a bit thicker than the ginzing one
it's a little pricey but so worth it.
it's probably too rich for oily skin
dry skin it's great
it's all thanks to this
it's super refreshing in the morning
aside it isn't too hard to keep out of the sun in bc
it's not an offensive one
once it's all gone
it's not too greasy
byw, i'm over 60 and it's working!
if it's actually going to work it's worth it!
it's horrible on skin
whoa does this stuff feel good on my face
it doesn't feel heavy
yes the price is a bit obnoxious
sucks its so expensive but totally worth it!!
it's not strictly a night cream
i definitely feel like it's worth the money
it is such a cute little container
fo far i really like it as a face cream
it's so overpriced that i can't bring myself to buy it
it only got 4 stars because the price is ridiculous
maybe it's cuz whatever wrinkles i had probably weren't serious
i can say my moms skin looks balanced
it isn't heavy feeling
in fact it's almost a whipped texture
did i mention that it's pricey
it's a positive for me
i don't mind the smell as long as the product isn't sticky like a cinnabon
this stuff is a little bit pricey
i cannot rave enough about it
i just wish it wasn't so expensive.
it makes me feel like i had dessert even when i haven't
it's never greasy feeling
too bad it's not fragrance-free.
it is a bit expensive
that's why i gave it only 4 stars
this product is so cool!
so glad that happened otherwise i may never have found salve it's genius cream
it is pretty expensive
not only is it incredibly fun to peel off
the product it's great.
it's a great mask to relax
so far, i like this mask.
it's really easy to peel.
it's perfect for my skin type
it's usually pretty clear
i mean it was pretty darn noticeable
it's well worth the effort
what i love about this one is that it's a peel-off
it's weirdly satisfying to take off
the only problem is that it's kind of tricky to get the mask off
it's very refreshing by the way!
it's easy to spread on
wow this stuff is a.ma.zing.
it's super-easy to use
i think that's okay
i looked super creepy with the mask on
kinda ruined my spa zen thing
not only is this mask idiot proof
it's not messy at all
it wasn't terrible or anything
it's also quite easy to peel off
plus its super fun to peel off
like it's downtown disney i think?
i gotta say it's been amazing
it's not harsh on skin at all.
it's a bit drying for me
i think it's great for the price as i only have to use a tiny bit
it's very hard to work up a lather.
i can't describe it
it's become my new holy grail!
it's a lot like the mask
which i think is a bit gimmicky
i like fab but this wasn't for me.
a bit of a misnomer in the title
but i like fab products, and this is decent.
i'd say it's a pretty decent face wash
doesn't feel harsh at all
unless it falls off lol
i can get a little lazy when it comes to my nightly skincare routine
does not feel tacky
it's not my every night
it's hard not to use this every night!!!
the only thing i'm not crazy about is that since it's so thick
it's still very effective
yes it's a bit pricey
it's just simply amazing
i've used this 3-ish times so far
i can't say i like the way it is dispensed
that's my only complain.
until the rad dude there recommended this product
sorry, korres... you've been replaced.
the glam glow i thought was just so-so
it is soooooo worth the money!!!!
this entire line has done nothin
tired which i wasn't tired
it wasn't really dark
it works really good, but it's pricy
it's what works for me.
there isn't a wow after effect
it is a little pricey
i know it's going to be my favorite eye cream in 2016
it's like magic in a bottle.
haha, no pun intended.
i don't feel like it's a miraculous product or anything
i don't have a lot of under eye issues yet except for dark circles so eh
i deducted one star simply because the price is a bit silly for a small jar
now he's using it every night
i also really appreciate that it's fast absorbing
it's all i ever wanted in an eye cream
what i love is that it isn't oiling
it's no longer dark
not the intense stuff yet
it's just the right texture.
even though it's pricey
i think it's the black tea in the product
it's not so thick that you feel it on
it's done wonders for my sensitive
it's amazing but can't believe the price.
kinda a let down when it's that expensive.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
just wish it wasn't so expensive
that isn't an issue to me
i looooove this stuff and can't live without it!
my mom who's 64 is also outrageously in love with this product too
...so you see it's for all ages.
i know this seems a bit pricey
not to mention that it's vegan
just try it, it's so worth it.
it's so great for my skin
if there's ever been anyone who's fastidious about products feeling oily
or tacky -that's me
i don't quite love the price or the dropper
usually if it's something greasy
despite reading some negative reviews saying it's too oily
i wasn't too oily
i used waaaaaaay too much
i know it's cruelty free
quite pricey though unfortunately.
it wastes a lot of product which is annoying because it's not a cheap product
this stuff is perfect, albeit expensive.
it's an amazing product.
shouldn't be that expensive for a tiny little bottle truthfully
it's really glowing and not at all greasy!
--basically the packaging sucks
unfortunately i stopped buying because it's just too expensive
it's too bad because the actual stuff is great!
for my combo skin it's amazing
i live in dry california so it's great for me.
it's quite strong without being heavy.
not sticky or tacky
it is smooth like velvet, and i am not kidding!
it's just too pricey considering how little product you get
it's a nice little treat!
yet it is not greasy
my skin doesn't feel like it's cracking anymore.
it's very lightweight like the description says
it's still very concentrated
oh the flaky skin
i can't believe it's totally natural.
it isn't heavy at all.
i looked everywhere for a cheaper dupe
i like this mask but it's way too overpriced.
it is a little pricey
it's the perfect mask for me!!
now that it's spring
it is a bit pricey
the smell is so good sometimes i forgot it's not edible lol
i know it's pricy
it's got a little weird residue
the jar is super cute
that's the only reason i gave it 4 stars
it was a bit offputting because i was expecting something thicker
it's description sounded super boring compared to the glam glow masks
other than that, it's lovely.
only downside it's really pricey
wherever it's so amazing
at first i was a little bummed because she thought it was the sonic mask
it's seriously worth it lol
the packaging is really cute
i feel that this mask is all hype
there's this really nice cooling effect which i really like
my skin just sucks this up
i live where it's usually hot all year long
my face is ridiculously soft in the morning
i can't even describe how much i love this mask it smells soooo good
considering how expensive the glam glow products are
i don't have terribly dry skin
it's great for my skin when it's dry in the winter
i really do hate tacky formulas for my face
she's as happy as the proverbial clam
it's so smooth and dare i say...glowing.
i just have to stop thinking about how insanely expensive this is
there is a downside that's what i didn't give it 5 stars
otherwise this is a great product very pricey
i feel funny endorsing a product that is over a hundred dollars
this cream is spendy
this also makes it quite pricey
even though it is pricey
yes, this is way expensive.
it's very clean and not at all cloying.
"i'm super paranoid about everything breaking me out
i like the effects so oh well
it's definitely no picnic
a tiny amount goes a long way - it's thick stuff.
no wonder it's the price it is
it's a little jar of miracles.
just wish it wasn't so expensive!
it's not too heavy
the breakout was soooo much clearer in the morning
it's a shame that this product doesn't work for some
maybe they're putting entirely too much on?
it's also easy to use too much
so that's not a dealbreaker
it's just creamy enough to go on smoothly
it's white at first
it has a nice texture that isn't too thick
seems like a no-brainer).
it's been around for a while
it's pricy but it's so good
it it somewhat pricey but it is a good product.
i know it's expensive but it really works!
it just wasn't the same
it's just the best
this is great for lazy days.
it's a little expensive for what it is
since it's not actually oil
(i know, i sound crazy).
sometimes too much stuff comes out
i find it a little messier to use
i think i like josie maran's cleansing oil a tad better
i really love the fake that it's an oil
it's not even half gone
it's very gentle on my face
even though it's oil it doessn't feel greasy or tacky
my skin just wasn't liking that too much
it wasn't the case for me
it's my must-have product.
it's really goodbut price is kinda high:(
oh and it isn't oily at all.
there's complaints that it's greasy
imo i think some people aren't underst
it's really nice and matte!
it's pretty good in my opinion
it's very easy to use
can't say much about it's effectiveness in this aspect
haven't been using it for too long so we'll see
so useful for a full face glam.
but that sephora chic got me hooked on it.
it's light enough that i don't even know it's on
it is definitely pricey
this is crazy expensive
i think it's better than benefits porefessional
yes it's pricey for the small tube
it's worth every drop
i wish this wasn't so expensive.
that blah feel you sometimes have on your face
too bad it's too darn pricey or i'd buy it right now
otherwise it's a miracle-working primer!
which i highly suggest to everyone since it's so expensive
it is super pricey
so, pricey, yes, but worth it.
but under foundation, blush, etc.
it's an amazing product
thankfully, a little goes a ling way.
the only downside is that it's quite expensive
it's one more cream to put on
definitely not flowery like some have mentioned
because it's a little richer
especially since i know it's from the ingredients
the pump can be kind of annoying though.
the bottle doesn't last very long
this isn't for you
it feels like nothings on my face
the only major drawback for me is that it isn't hydrating enough
i don't like heavy products
wow me a little more for the price
it's too heavy for my skin for daytime use
i think it's perfect for this age
pricey like everyone is stating
it is a little pricey for a mask
it's fun to use and the results are amazing.
is that it's in a jar
it's never been an issue with this mask
it's fun to put on as well
after i use this mask it's completely gone
soooo soft after using that it is a bit addicting
it's gentle yet powerful.
there's a lot in the jar
it's actually quite soothing
my face felt soooo soft
i get supremely picky about what i want on my vanity
this is a bit expensive
it's super easy to take off
it's much better than the over-hyped glamglow masks that everyone talks about in my opinion
it's easy to move your face around even when it's completely dry
4 stars because it's expensive
this product is soooo expensive
unfortunately for my wallet so worth it
it's not a miracle product
a little bit pricey, but totally worth it.
the effects don't last super long
for what it's worth
i don't use the anti-bac as much anymore since the acne is pretty much gone
can't rave enough about the impact it's having on my skin
i think of it as a combo of my 2 glamglow masks
i know it's not cheap
i also don't find it to be super smelly.
my skin is combo/oily and it's perfect.
i rarely used facial spf simply because every product i've tried thus far -- cheap to ridiculous -- always breaks me out
it's not super thick
it's pricey, but worth it in my books.
the spf 30 is awesome too!
think it's worth the money
it's not the most high intensity perfect for crazy bad winter skin cream ever
it's hard to find one that is oil-free
has pretty high spf in it
is not too greasy
it's light n it doesn't make my face feel greasy
feel like it's worth every penny
it's now incredibly soft
there's almost nothing there to pick
it's hard to pinpoint exactly what's it's doing
let's put it this way
this is a little too pink for me
which it's perfect for
but other than that it's great.
it's fun to apply and the results are wonderful.
this fads them out
it's not a life-altering
it's getting worst with age
it's pretty light in coverage
tends to leak into the cap once it's used which sucks considering how much it costs
doesn't look super heavy or like i'm a raccoon
it's almost $40 for a small tube
i find it awesome on low coverage days
not look like the undead
but this isn't heavy duty stuff for that.
if your icebox isn't close, it's just a pain.
putting it on is a lil shocking because of the light hue
it's more like a cover up.
used it almost every single morning- that's how long it's lasted
i didn't want to look cakey
seriously, i can't get over how lovely it feels!
wasn't as hydrating as i thought it'd be.
(2) this is perfect for lazy day makeup!
this stuff fixes everything
this stuff makes me look awake
it will forever be a holy grail product that's always on my makeup table
this stuff is lightweight
the combo can't be beat
which makes it feel a little less luxurious
it can be a bit messy
isn't too harsh for me
it makes my face look soooo bright.
it's just like going to a spa.
it's your all in one.
it's the cleaning aspect of this that i like
pricey but never disappointed.
when i wake up my skin is sooooo soft
but this mask wow!
it's simply amazing and a true miracle worker.
it's not as expensive as some masks that do less
it's just soooooo expensive though
it's so worth it
looked like a greasy mess
no irritating n hurt.
it wasn't red anymore.
it's perfect for the mild winter we've been having
no wonder it's out of stock
it's done wonders for my skin
it's too light for nighttime use
that doesn't seem to matter performance wise
it's super gentle and great to use.
it's just you put it on
but really, it's awesome.
meh i use one everyday so this is just a tiny version of a regular one
it's not a super large cloth
nothing from ren disappoints
i felt the "hot cloth" they included was pretty useless as it is teeny tiny
it's not the best
it's also not the worst
wayyy better than those cheap
they're nothing like this one
that's why i think it's one of the more effective masks that he offers
while i sometimes use it on it's own
it's not super noticeable
it's not overpowering for me
plus, there's so much in this jar!
i think it's well worth the money!
the only thing i didn't like is that it made my face tingle a little bit
though the pumpkin wasn't bad by any means
i do think its a little pricy
although it is a bit pricy
because it doesn’t look weird
it's not the minis
my guess would be that it's the rose fragrance that is irritating some people's skin
i feel like it's also preventative
don't like it so much as a night mask
it's a big container for the money
it's not that uncommon
i don't use this as a mask
it's not miraculous for me
it wasn't as big
not to mention it feels super soft
i wasn't crazy about the price tag on this one
let's hope the anti aging part of it actually holds true
beauty hurts, right ladies?
f you think about it it's actually not too expensive at all
i wasn't completely sold on it because it seemed a tad drying
something that's hard to do since he constantly sweats
as i sometimes do as a beauty junkie trying so many products
it's safe enough to use every day
it's quite thick so a little goes a long way
yes it is quite expensive
i believe that it's worth it
i don't mind how thick it is
my skin is more glowy now than it's ever been!
oh and it's huge, it's the size of my body wash!!
i'd say even though it's pricey it's worth it since it will last a long time
it's never been softer
$75 is a little pricey for a mask
it's not at all
fresh which is a big plus as i can't tolerate anything with too much fragrance
"you look like you're glowing"
it's lightweight and looks great.
it is the perfect 'foundation' for the summer since it's not heavy
if you're fair to light
it's a completely natural finish- it's not drying
it's not full blown coverage.
you've got oil control
pricey, but a little goes a long way.
it is a bit tacky without setting powder
the fact that there's only one shade is a pretty big problem
it's just so smooth
it's sticky at first
it doesn't look obvious
it's enough for my everyday make up
i know it's expensive
plus you get decent spf
it's my new fave!
i normally don't give perricone the time of day because it's so expensive
it's expensive for such a tiny bottle
it's not full coverage
the bad news is that the color is too dark for me
also nice that it's anti aging and has spf 30.
the problem is it's sort of dark for my fair skin
i really like this foundation it's super light weight
i like that its light and doesn't cake.
i know it seems pricey for what appears to be a small container
this winter it's a little too dark
it's more like a bb
i always wear some form of coverup
even in the disgustingly sticky
that it's so light weight
it's very light coverage which i like.
it's pretty much your serum
plus it's all natural so i love it!
it's not distracting or overwhelming either
t's great for when i don't have too much time for skincare
it's completely absorbed my morning
i would say it's still worth it :
it'a little bit on the pricey end
it is expensive 48$ now to the products it has ofcourse a rosey smell really nice it's more like a sticky lotion than gel
t has a bit of a sticky feeling when it's first applied
i know it's super expensive
it's good not skin changing though.
i know it's pricey
the oil isn't greasy
it's a pleasent subtle one overall
where i'm originally from, it's crazy humid.
it's a pretty good product.
it's done wonders for my undereye area
it's a little surprising to find it's become a soft
but that's not a problem.
it's pricy, but well worth it!
yes this eye cream is expensive i wish it wasn't quite so much money
and yes, the scentl is lovely too!
i wanted something that wasn't greasy
it got ridiculously expensive for the quality imho
it's so hydrating yet it's not heavy or greasy!
it kinda sits on the skin
wasn't ever thinking about using an eye cream
it's a great product to add into your routine anyways
otherwise it is way too rich.
thats not a huge inconvenience
i know it's pricey but a little goes a long way.
like a dab and it's still amazing!
it's good for summer time.
it wasn't a waste of money
it dis make them soft
it feels soooo good on the skin
this does the job and it's perfect
this is soooo much better
pricey but a nice treat.
this probably isn't isn't the product for you
nothing took care of my dryness like this mofo
it's my first product from fresh
i really do feel like it's a very awakening eye cream
you can almost make a mini eye mask out of it also because it's so rich- fantastic product
it's my new favorite skin product.
it's perfect for both
i've tried sooooo many products.
it's really worth the money
i ordered this very pricy product out of desperation
i know 150 bucks seems steep
these are a little spendy
a lot of people say that they're useless
the first strip is eh
really it's worth it
these are much better imo
admittedly i don't really have a pore or blackhead problem persay
here's the thing with patches
which i think it's very good
which sounds kind of gross
it wasn't even that good of a review
it's so satisfying to pull it off
i think the second strip is kind of useless
the only problem is they're incredibly sticky/strong
this product seems polarizing--either it works for you or it doesn't
i wish it wasn't so expensive.
it's the best on the market so far.
it's a little too expensive for what it does.
i wish it wasn't so expensive
the night cream doesn't seem to make a difference
that isn't really a complaint
i don't really mind the smell as it isn't super strong
it's not too strong or terrible
just remember it's all in the name of beauty
which surprisingly it did
it literally made my skin feel so gooooood.
it's absolutely my favorite.
i love this it's does give you a strong tingle
it's definitely better by morning
but it's all good.
this is the only one that's gentle
as it described, it's gentle.
it does burn a little, but it's not terrible.
only sad i didn't buy the bigger version
i don't think it's ever looked so good
it has such a nice tingle that isn't too much.
it's perfect for those days when you just feel kinda gross like your makeup was sitting heavy on your skin
they don't annoy my overly sensitive
that's not easy for my 44 yr old dry
i wasn't too saggy to begin with
that's what this is
i don't know why this isn't more buzzed about because i love it
which it is a bit tacky
although i took a star off because it's pretty sticky
yes it's kinda sticky
this stuff is like miracle in a jar.
it's my favorite product in the kit so far
which sounds like is a turn off to some
it is duper refreshing
i read somewhere that there's a cream version of this
i agree it's sticky.
it wasn't anything too dramatic
i somehow always stray right back to ole!
it's an amazing product
theres a reason for that!!
can't fathom being without it
it's a really great eye cream
yes it is very sticky.
i don't sleep well
a lot of people don't like the texture.
i think it's great
when i use this it's gone
you need this stuff-it's amazing!
so the tackiness shouldn't be as much of an issue
a little goes a loooong way with this
it is definitely tacky for a while after applying it
i didn't find it unpleasant
t makes your makeup flakey
i think they're using way too much product
it is a nice addition to my ole henriksen collection
even after watching sappy romance movies
it is kind of thick
i don't have very bad undereye circles
i wasn't a huge fan of the texture
that's the only thing i didn't like about this
it's like 8x this price
omg i am a maskaholic i try every single mask that it's in the market from the expensive til the cheap
it does it's magic
it's nothing too bad
it's gives you the results it claims
i already think it's great
it's nothing too bad
taking it off can be a little bit of a pain- it's kind of a sticky mess
not in a gross or overly sweet way
there's nothing an oily skin gal loves better than a good scrub
it's just so amazing!
at first it'll feel hot
this masking is freaking amazing!
that said it wasn't uncomfortable
not very gritty or harsh
it's the aha that really packed a punch for me
it's the mask working
it's not painful at all
it wasn't overly drying
it is really pricey
thought that it wasn't bad at all
i like that it's not 'rice' or 'plastic beads' which aren't good for me at all
it's not too harsh
it seems a bit pricey
it is a bit pricey
although it is a bit pricey
my only issue is the darn packaging!
the science behind all peter's stuff is pretty sound
feel incredible a bit pricy
so even though it's pricey
i feel that it's really hard to get off though.
this is actually a deal for an aha mask
it's actually a good deal.
the smell is downright fantastic--just like pumpkin pie
this mask is insane.
it means it's working
i love that it's a scrub and mask.
i looked at reviews to see if it's normal
it becomes dull easily
after that it's much milder
maybe because the cucumber one is so ubiquitous
it seemed kind of boring
it's powerful and lives up to the hype!
it didn't sting me
although the "un wrinkle" pads are nice
let's me know it's really working
is not dull anymore
other than that i don't think it's irritating at all
it's basically eating away the dead skin
i wouldn't say gentle
i tend to get too lazy at night
it has a nice suds-y consistency when using
the best part is it's not overly expensive
it's gentle and lasts you a long time too!
because it's honestly perfect for me
i also love that it's pretty gentle
further, i love that it's not crazy expensive.
it's always my go to!
love that it's gentle
wasn't irritating at all
if this wasn't so ridiculously expensive
it absolutely worth it even if it's $1000
it's not ideal for summer as it's a bit too hydrating
sephora sadly doesn't carry yet
it's not oily for me
i woke up with insanely soft
but totally worth it.
i don't use it during daytime since it is very rich
even though it's expensive
it's by far the best night cream i've ever used
yes this is expensive
i personally don't think it's overwhelming
it's great for dry skin
it isn't overpowering at all
it's more expensive than khloe k's
it's not greasy or oily.
it's balanced and so soft.
i know that sounds crazy
it's an expensive product but well worth it!
wish it wasn't so pricey though.
people have been telling me i am glowing since started to use it --- it's pricey
i wasn't aware of this little holy grail
they're now completely gone
it didn't break me out so that's always a plus
i don't think it's quite worth the price
omg this product leave the skin sooooo soft
this stuff is really pricey
it's definitely pricy but my skin feels amazing.
even though it is a little pricey
it's a bit pricey but definitely worth it.
i will no longer use lamer or chanel.
i honestly think it's so worth every penny!
to me it's definitely worth the money!
i know i sound like a commercial.
because it's fairly affordable
it's hella expensive for the size
2 x a day makes me breakout like crazy
it's only one layer in my routine
makes my skin feel it's best!
people complaining this is overpriced
i'd like to know what makes this pro dub so much more pricey than similar ones
so that's a huge plus
it doesn't feel super tight afterwards.
i don't use anything waterproof
either philosophy or ole henrickson.
i like that it's a little bit cheaper than other br
luckily don't really have crow's feet
this stuff burns my eyes like nobodies business
it seems like it's doing the job
that's why i gave this 4 stars.
maybe it's just the time to get a new mascara
i think it'll last quite awhile
love that it's effective yet extremely gentle.
i really like that it's not heavy.
it's not very heavy on my skin
it's not too heavy and a small bit goes far.
i can't say i'm crazy about it
it has natural ingredients so that's a plus
yes it is gritty.
it's ok for some products to be too strong for some people
some reviewers say it's runny
the only negative thing about this product is it's consistency
i didn't think my skin was dull before
it's in a squeeze style tube?
to not waste any of the glorious stuff
i am one of those incredibly annoying people who buys every product
it's improved my skin quite a bit
i love this product because it's super fast acting
it's pretty strong stuff
for a 1 minute facial that's amazing
couldn't stop raving about it
dunno if it's worth the price.
i love the texture it's so soft
how beautifully it's spreads
the downside is that the cream's texture is a bit weird
it's a little tough to get out so a spatula would be a good idea
i would compare this to the lamer line
this is much better for the lamer line is very greasy
i don't dislike it
it's definitely worth it
t's not like i've been schlepping around with low quality skin products
it's an expensive product
it left my skin somewhat tacky though.
i would say it's a pretty good product
i used it mindlessly
dang this is expensive
needless to say it is amazing!
this is kinda booster of your own skin care.
it's the only serum that's ever worked
it's expensive but worth it.
it's the favorite part of my routine.
it seems really pricy
can't get enough of the softness
i guess it's neither
because it's awfully expensive
i wouldn't classify it as a "holy grail" kind of product
it's not oily and i like how light it is.
she wasn't kidding--this product really delivers.
thought that it was quite pricey
this stuff plumped them up
it's the only thing that works
only downfall is it's really small
it's been such a blessing
even when my skin isn't acting up
i don't find it unpleasant at all, though.
i see why it's sold out so often
it's completely unexpectedly amazing
it doesn't just feel like you've lathered a cream on
it's hard to explain because it's not a full on tingle
it's perfect for winter
that's saying a lot for my skin
it's not meant to lather for all those complaining about it
and i think it's decent.
it's also my favorite
this product was recommended to me because it's not harsh
this stuff is legit
it's very nice & a reasonable price.
i wouldn't say it's a "scent"
i think it's great
wet it to "suds" it up a wee bit
it's the little things!
usually i just think they're okay
a little pricey but totally worth it.
this is a great eye cream, it's expensive.
i think it's amazing eye cream
to me it smells slightly like the inside of those cheap halloween masks you'd get as a kid
i feel the packaging isn't appealing
i shouldn't judge the cleanser by it's packaging because it is worth every penny
am even considering buying the moisturizer even though it's pricey
if it's anything like the cleanser it'll be worth every penny
i don't think it's plasticy
this cleanser comes pretty darn close to making me use it
so for the naysayers
it's fabulous for my dry skin.
my fave doesn't feel tight or uncomfortable.
so far it's ok
not sure it's a holy grail yet
even though it's a bit pricey
it's very hard to take off
it's become a necessity for me!
it's a bit pricy, but worth it.
the only con is that the product is so thick
we'll yrs, it did it's job.
make no mistake- it's doing it's job
it is never irritating
it is a bit pricey
it's the best i've found so far
it is on the expensive side, which is a bummer.
it's my new go to eye cream.
this product is addicting.
even tho it's on the pricey side i did not expect a miracle
it's a little awkward to get it out of the jar due to it's consistency
i cannot praise it enough!!
can't speak to it's performance with makeup
at 27 which is pretty embarrassing
isn't over producing oil anymore
it's a great travel-product
that's enough for my face
besides that it's really great
flakiness is now a thing of the past
what they're saying is true
it's lasted me forever as well.
some reviews mention a weird film that it leaves behind
this stuff is the truth.
doesn't sting my insanely sensitive eyes
it's pricey, but a little goes a long way.
then realized i was being silly
i don't know that it's helped with the congested pores
it's very easy to use
because you use less water it's less messy
this is the only one in my vanity
even benefit they're real mascara was no match.
the ole cleanser is kinda the best of both worlds
it's still dirty afterwards
there's a reason it's called "melting cleanser".
for me it's not oily at all
thought it'd be messy
it's super gentle and doesn't break my skin out.
it's pricey, but it works.
not a bunch of cheap useless products
i know you're thinking this is counterintuitive for someone with oily s
wake up with no raccoon eyes even tho you 'think' you've gotten it all off
it's a little on the pricey side
it's super efficient at it too.
so that's not a surprise
it's definitely not an all star fix-it -all-
i wouldn't say it's immediate
it's really light, and sinks right in.
plus i really like that it's a natural product :
it's pricey for what seems like such a small amount of product
my laugh lines were not deep or insane
holy cow, it's expensive.
it's good for colder, winter months.
it's not often that i use a product
it's expensive but so worth it to me!
just on problem spots because it's too expensive
it's a must for any of my fellow skin care junkies
it's not chump change
it's made it more smooth
it's definitely worth a shot
although i do quite a bit of shopping at sephora
i know it is not inexpensive
a bit pricey if you don't have hydration issues
sometimes when i'm lazy to put on my moisturizers lol
this stuff stays sticky for a loooong time
it looks kinda dull in the am
it's saved my skin!
it wasn't oily at all
omg my face is so soft
it's reliable cuz i know it works.
i got the travel size and it lasted soooooo long.
that's by my own skins fault
that doesn't seem so fair since it's my own skins reaction to it
it's very thick though in a good way
is tacky at first
it isn't so much a "mask" as i had thought
it was so bad that my entire face was flaky
been using this for years now it's definitely my holy grail
i think it's a nice mask for the price
golly it was worth it
i guess at that point it's almost more of a hydrating primer
i would still wear it all the time just for it's amazing smell
it's thick without being greasy
isn't greasy or sticky
i think it's because i'm getting older
it's been more dry than anything
this stuff is a necessity for winter.
it is not irritating at all
even though i'm pretty old
there's brands that i can't use anything.
i can't rave about it enough!
it's weird cuz it never fully sinks in
i swear it's made my skin so much better
which i was scared of since it's a pretty thick cream
remains tacky all night long
it's not too heavy either
it does go on tacky
i think it's a decent product
of course this product isn't cheap
overall was good and price isn't too outrageous.
it seems to be doing it's job
--maybe that's a result of it doing it's job?
since it's so thick it seems that one jar will go a very long way
thought cute i'd just use this until it's done
this thing does wonders i'm just mad it cost soooo much
it's worth it though
i alternate cleansers because i think it's a good idea
this was just a lovely foam that did it's job wonderfully
i can't say it beats sheseido for leaving skin super soft
it's grown on me
it's like miracle water
it's worse in winter.
which is a little weird
it's also a big bottle it!
now it's all smooth
gets your face clean and it's affordable.
now it's the only #1 for me
plus it's super affordable.
it's just that good
it's a decent price for it
i hate that it's not in store :
it's one of your best!
i can't stop raving about it!!!!!
it's amazing the texture change you get with just one use
all i can say is that it's amazing
it's like it sticks or something?
wish it was a tad bigger
super, super tiny for the price it's going for.
it doesn't feel like it's stripping my skin
i cannot believe it's safe for eye area!
kind of like an insanely squeaky clean feeling
anyways i have insane dry skin!
granted it's not for everyone
which i don't even have a problem with breakouts unless it's new products
it's much better to have a fabulous luxe product that delivers everytime than try
it's also very pricey
since it's meant to be used as a mask
it's not a practicle investment for me
it's almost time to reorder...
think it's worth it
that's what it delivered
it makes you feel like you've spent a day at the spa
isn't sticky or too heavy
i feel good about putting this on my skin- that's really what it's about
doesn't feel like it's suffocating my skin
non-sticky and fuss-free.
so far it's been pretty good
for a small bottle, it's quite pricey.
love it but you don't get much and it is pricey!
i see results but it is a bit pricey.
i also noticed that it's an awesome mattifying primer
the product is a bit pricey
it didn't bother my combo/oily skin anymore
my only dislike is that it is a bit pricey for its size
if you're already thin don't buy this.
it works for me but it's pricy.
i don't like to use it just by itself as it makes my face really tacky
it's always good to change it up
it is a bit tacky
so far it's been the best primer i've ever used
it's an excellent primer
because it's impossible to stop the sag
my only wish is that it wasn't so expensive
i think a tube would be waaay better
so there's your warning
i just bought my second bottle of it today may been overusing it lol
i truly believe its an instant lifter without the uptight feeling
literally gets a usual face unfortunately
it's not sticky at all
this product is wildly underrated
you're bound to love this
not travel friendly cause it's a fairly weighty jar
just don't go overboard.
don't expect this to be super heavy.
a lot of korean cosmetics are supposed to be layered so alone it would be ridiculous to make one cream very heavy
it's great for now
i wasn't sure about the oiliness of the product
this isn't for you
there's nothing i can say negative about this product as it's is pure perfection to me
it is quite expensive
i know this seems a bit pricy
it's definitely an a+ product
i got this as a point perk
that's a pretty big deal
i will definitely continue to use this product though it's a little pricey
love that it's alcohol free.
so far it's great
since it's not such a necessity to have
it's apparent it's more than just water in a bottle
lately i feel like it's making me break out even more
it's so strong yet gentle
doesn't sting the eyes yet there's no oil
it's perfect for my normal skin.
it seems kind of expensive
don't find it to be very pricey at all
this is a little pricey but completely worth it.
it dispenses the right amount of product: no messy
honestly it is a little pricey
it sounds like some crazy hoax.
it's just fancy water, right?
sometimes at night i am a little bit lazy.
that's just my preference
plus, it's super gentle.
this stuff is so gentle yet surprisingly effective
i then add moisturiser because it's the dead of winter
it isn't portable as i was hoping
i wasn't expecting much
it's great stuff, and i highly recommend it!
i do think it is pricy
it's a mask i get to use every day
this may sound frivolous to many
oh em gee i am blown away by this product
otherwise it would've been a perfect 5
nothing has givin results from the very first use like this cream has
it's just so easy to use.
which is always surprising cause i forget it's on my face
it's very thick and rich.
i don't notice much of a scent so that's also a plus
it is super heavy!
hey it works great the proof is in the pudding
doesn't feel overly heavy
it's not meant to be put on thick
this mask is freaking amazing!
all before doing more than yawn
i don't find it messy to use
very heavy as it's made of glass
it's absolutely non-negotiable for me.
it's still cheaper than botox
well it's does not really cover up laugh lines
but seriously it's just dr. brandt!
wasn't expecting much based on the gimick-y name
i look like a zombie
dudes look creepy botoxed
i don't think it's as or more effective than traditional botox
but, so far, it's been amazing!
while it does help me it's just to expensive
i realize that it's not cheap either
it's not a cheap product.
since i can't afford the botox right now
wow thats just too much
it's now part of my skin care routine
this isn't literally like botox
i like that it's not greasy
it's not that big of a deal
what does bug me is that it turns out glam glow is not cruelty free
it can be a little messy
there isn't much of an issue
i hope it's not being discontinued
you'll def love this one too
i decided to try this cuz my skin was breaking out hopelessly
i think with continued use it's fine
idk if it's good for oily or dry skin because i have neither
they're not completely gone
maybe they're redoing it since it's on sale
it's an amazing product
it's plenty gentile enough to use twice a day.
it's not making my skin worse which to me is worth it
it's not a great fit for me
it's become apart of my skin care routine
but i think it's worth trying!
it's so gentle, yet effective.
it's powerful yet gentle enough that i use it daily with amazing results
get a little lazy some nights
my only issue is the pump it's gotten clogged
it's still pretty full that's my one complaint
it's not nearly as good as this one
i normally break out with anything that isn't a plain cetaphil facewash so when i tried this i wasn't too excited
i don't feel overly dry.
it is a little pricey
have to say it's quite amazing
even though it's quite pricey
it's a more intense oil
even though this product is quite expensive
wasn't sure about oil
it's a great oil nothing mind blowing
only face it's worth a little love
it's not a greasy oil
i love that it's cruelty free
it's amazing for sensitive
it's also hard to travel with
it's very annoying that a product that costs this much has such a horrible pump
the only con is that it's a bit expensive
nothing terrible, except the pump.
my only complaint is that darn pump
why spoil it with a cheap
which is kind of wasteful considering the price of this stuff
it is definitely not greasy
even though it's pricey i am saving money because i've been able to use much less moisturizer since i started cleansing with this tata harper oil
making it worth it's weight in gold
it's maybe faster with one
because it's pretty expensive
too bad it's so expensive
it's a nightly must for me.
i love that this isn't overly harsh or full of chemicals
it's great for my combination skin
it's definitely not a milky one either
it's almost gel-like
the only thing that is annoying is that is too sticky
i feel like it's kept breakouts at bay
i think it's worth the money.
it wasn't too oily
5 oz because it was so cheap to try out
i couldn't cover it up
seriously, it's the best.
the smell is sooo soo good
it's truly the best i've ever used
it's taken over my beauty routine
when it's time to put it on i have a scent of old rags-_- i hope it's not just me :
i don't know why peeps are saying it smells bad.
it's substantial enough that it lasts all day
it's thick enough to cover well with just a little
it's the perfect product for my oily
it's so nice for summer.
i just wish it weren't so expensive
i don't care for the scent- it's kind of old lady ish
i am very picky as i tend to be a bit oily.
it's just as magnificent
as the stuff isn't exactly cheap
that it's fairly lightweight
that's probably because you're scrubbing your face too hard
it's somewhat dense but not heavy.
they aren't gone completely
it's a good eye cream.
isn't so thick that i get more puffy
it's definitely better than quite a few eye creams i've used
the results i've had so far aren't anything thrilling
it's also pretty high for the size of container you get
guess i'm saying that it's good
doesn't need something crazy intense
don't waste your 100 points on the perk being offered it's outrageously tiny if i was the size of a smurf it would be enough:/ the perk size is shockingly miniature
lightweight and it isn't too heavy.
so far it's helped
it's so easy to remove
it's just so nice to use
the price made me cry a little bit
it's a whole nighttime thing.
i don't know why it's so difficult to find a cleanser that delivers
pretty much an all-rounder.
the idea of using an oil cleanser sounded crazy
it makes removing everything sooo easy.
it's extremely less messy than regular cleaners
it's smooth it out
i will say my skin felt pretty darn soft after it
it's an amazing product
it's almost too go to be true.
i can't believe it took me so long to find a holy grail product
i think this stuff is worth it's weight in gold
it's way too thick with foundation it separates badly
oh, and it lasts for quite a while too.
i can't give enough praise for this.
this stuff is pricey
i feel like it's great for dry skin.
it's always fun to try something new.
it's safe to say this is my new holy grail skin care item
it's always been kind of messy
t doesn't feel greasy
not the greasy ugly one
feel in love eminently
i know the bottle is expensive
you don't look greasy
it's going to last forever
after turning 30 i really turned into somewhat of a skincare junkie
they're not super short but definitely not long.
it is pretty pricey
you'll realize that it's a great product
i know that sounds crazy, but it's true.
it's definitely worth picking up
it's expensive, but i would highly recommend it.
it doesn't leave you super greasy
i like this oil, it's really suitable for my skin
it's not oily whatsoever
yes, it is pricey but has really changed my skin.
it's not so thick and not so watery.
it's like perfect for over night too.
got this in de let's b clear set
i don't wake up feeling like a total greaseball
this stuff is expensive
you'll look greasy as heck lol.
it's definitely not cheap
it's awesome mixed with their sun block
love that its completely pure
amazing it's pricey but worth the money!!!
i wish it wasn't so dang pricey
the packaging is simple, cute and easy to use.
it's not invasive whatsoever
it's very very subtle
it's definitely my favorite oil ever.
it's the same product
it's perfect for people with combo and oily skin.
it's probably the most expensive singular item in skincare i own
feel in love eminently
it's definitely worth a try
read/tell myself it was all part of the purging process blah blah
this isn't a bad product.
it is so liberating
so even though it's expensive
definitely worth the hype.
nothing i wasn't used to
i can't rave enough.
which is really funny
i am always skeptical of overly hyped products.
this is beyond amazing i don't have bad acne
it's totally worth it for beautiful skin
i cannot rave about this product enough.
i can't get over how soft my face feels ^_^
been about 3 weeks- my skin probably would've been waaay too sensitive if i was still on accutane
i can't rave about this enough.
soooo yet another de product to review.
it doesn't help a bunch so far with acne
let's start with my skins background story:- insanely acne prone
it's hard to justify the cost
it's just really really expensive!
i think it's going to be worth it
yes sticky a bit but benefits outweigh the con.
it's crazy to believe that this thing actually works
idk if it's due to this or because i stopped wearing makeup so often
i even tried to use the ordinary's aha serum instead because it's so much cheaper
give it a shot... it's worth it!
it's expensive but worth it.
my one caveat is that it's just so expensive for not being a
it's totally changed my skin
yes my wallet hurts lol
it made me sooo dry
it's nothing like using a bar of soap.
isn't irritating at all
best soap bar out there honest truth!!
it's really not messy at all
it's nice to have portable
at night it's drunk elephant's excellent lala retro whipped cream
i love that this bar is pure
i didn't want to dish out all that cash since it's on the pricey side
i feel that it's worth the pricetag because of its bar format which is very long-lasting
ingredients can get fancy
i just don't like the fact it's a bar because of sanitary reasons
it's gentle enough to use morning
the cheap cardboard box is messy and annoying.
it doesn't really leather much
not to mention it is jam packed with healthy goodness for the skin
guess mine is getting worse
i didn't feel super ugly
i saw a few reviews with people complaining that it doesn't get bubbly
even though it's a soap
it's not too harsh for my sensitive
y i don't feel bad using this twice to really get the makeup off
it is on the pricy side
it didn't look no where near as dull
other than that it's a wonderful product.
it's gentle yes effective.
i don't mind the little bit of bar slim
doesn't feel slick or greasy
i like that there isn't any packaging
.... it's way too good.
this bar is super gentle
my t-zone isn't nearly as shiny
only when you're desperate
it's still going strong
it's made all the difference
it's hard finding a cleanser that isn't super harsh
it's nice and gentle and does not strip the skin.
like there's a film on your face
the bar literally lasts forever
that made me freak out.
it's not the most convenient
it's nice to alternate because i think juju twice a day would end up being a little too much
don't overuse (like i did).
you won't regret it, it's an amazing product!
it's definitely less oily
even though there isn't actually soap in it
i didn't really get the hype on drunk elephant until i tried these soaps
it's a bit pricey but definitely worth it imo.
it's great for traveling since it's not a liquid
it's great at controlling oil.
i know it's not cheap
okay real talk: i have crazy combination skin.
seriously, it's like a miracle bar.
it's just so good
it's really been a miracle product for me
i think it's the way the company worded it that is causing confusion
worth the price too as the bar lasts for-freaking-ever
you do get a lotta bang for your buck
i can't believe this brand isn't more popular!
has become quite fond of this bar
that you don't know what you've got til it's gone
first time i feel like to stock up stuff for this as i'm very fickle
the pekee bar is so cute :
it's almost completely fixed my skin issues
this stuff is legit!
although it seems expensive
it has somehow made them less annoying
it's not too noticeable
it's not the oil slick it used to be
i just can't praise this product enough.
this isn't really going to give you that quenching feeling
only thing it's that is expensive
it's so smooth and dare i say...glowing.
didn't believe the hype
also: it's truly a year-round wonder
i don't know if it's worth the price
don't feel greasy at all
dessicated mess if it weren't for caudelie
it's super light weight
it's expensive imo, but i'm worth it.
it doesn't feel as tight
it's doing so much more than that
it's oily at first
has made my face feel soooo soft
it's not overly priced and it's all natural.
t feels like it's really getting in the pores
i will admit the scent isn't as nice as the chanel one i used to use
like it's really nourishing
it's great for combo skin
this is the stuff for you lol
it isn't so bad
it's definitely a staple in my skin regime
when i'm lazy this is all i'll do
i also love how it's thick, yet foaming.
i didn't like that it doesn't foam at all
it's elegant and simple and it works!
it's over 5oz and for the price it's great.
it's so great for my dry skin
it's a major plus that this br
the icing on the cake is that it's very gentle
you're good for the season
doesn't taste great lol
found that there's actually still a ton left
it's super gentle on my face
other than that it's a lovely product
it's gentle enough that it doesn't irritate my eyes
while it wasn't bad
one star off because it's really a 2- in-1 not 3.
it's so luxurious that i look forward to my nighttime routine
for a little extra oomph
at first i thought this product was a dud
it's really not great
it's not very bothersome
it's very gentle and doesn't really foam much.
a bit expensive, but it's worth it.
the application is a little annoying
it's well worth it
it's like it never happened
kinda rude on their part
over all it's totally worth it
it isn't a magical transformation
if it works you think it's adorable
if it doesn't you think it's a huge stupid gimmick
at first i thought---yuck
i wasn't excited about this since puffiness isn't usually an issue for me
try not to use tooooo much product
the "iron" tip is kind of superfluous
here's hoping it doesn't get discontinued
it's not for dark circles
1 because of all the bad reviews
i took off a star b/c it maybe somewhat irritating
i love this even when i don't use the sonic device
that's not what this product is designed for
i can truly say it's worth it
the packaging is adorable as well
i wouldn't call it a miracle product
it's called puff off.
yea the price is pretty steep
i might be obsessed
i really like how it's so lightweight.
it's got a nice consistency
it's awesome for a deep cleanse
it's simple, and it works.
i got this as a point perk
i simply got tired of using that obnoxious bar of soap on face
hope it's as good as this
especially something that isn't too heavy
i didn't give a 5/5 because i feel like it's a little pricey for how much is actually in it
so far it's been totally worth it
it's totally helped all of my texture problems
this stuff is a lifesaver
it isn't an all-in-one product
still not too expensive
i know it's a bit pricey but i think it worth it.
overall it's a good product.
it's supposed to treat problem skin
however i like matchy-matchy
love this product except a bit pricey.
this serum does what it's says in the box
they've been seriously bugging me
acne isn't as big of an issue as it used to be
it was a little sticky which i don't mind
they're all pretty good
after using it my faves feels really soft.
your skin will feel like it's
thought it was a total gimmick
the product itself is a little bit goopy going on
it didn't feel heavy
it is kind of fun to have a mask of gold
is not heavy once it's applied
i think it's a great mask if your skin is looking tired
it's just so perfect
this is sooo much better than either products.
not to overly toot my own ingenuity
looking at it like that.....it's a deal.
i like how it's thick
i think it's great for drawing out pimples
expensive product but it's so wonderful!
it's worth it though.
it's also a great way to scare my dog
when it's off my skin feels
its consistency + the coolness means that it's really refreshing
it's really been effective
i think it's easiest.
it's a little messy to wash off
it's not a harsh product either.
soft i almost thought it was too good to be true
it isn't it's the real thing
omg - this mask is a game changer!
my face feels soooo smooth
plump after i couldn't believe it
you feel really silly wearing a black mask
it seems super pricey i know
which starts to tingle for a moment when it's applied
i do think it's worth it
it's like a magical mask
it's what they're supposed to do
this mask leaves my skin soooooo soft it's unbelievable
it's gets every flaw out of your face
everytime i use it it's just made it better
it's worth noting that this mask really has no scent at all
it is a little pricey
which was surprisingly easy
so far it's the best mud mask i've tried
it's so worth the wonderful results
i would say it's more like a rescue mask
meaning that it's very clean
i cannot rave about this enough.
definitely a 5-star product if it wasn't so expensive
packaging is so cute!
it's quite expensive but it is a large soap.
it's totally fine to wear by itself
this black soap is incredibly even more amazing
or that it were cheaper because it's just a lot to shell out for a bar of soap
it's my new everyday go to.
i can't praise this product enough !
for people who think it's too drying
i know it's quite disgusting
i know my skin isn't!
that's good cuz i use an oil at night time
it's clean, yet very soft.
doesn't seem to go bad.
and it's really good if you have acne also!
i is not harsh
i know it says it's for anti aging
it's excellent with breakouts
only four stars because it's to expensive
think it's the aha
that's usually do to my laziness
i expected this to be drying but it's oddly not.
the extra sweat+dirt grunge you get in hot
it's definitely worth it
sorry it doesn't work better for dark circles
its not a miracle wonder
this is quite expensive
love it but not it's huge price tag
i don't feel like it justifies $100 a bottle
i would've given it 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive
it's not a miracle (what is really?)
i'd say it's worth a shot
if you're very self concious of your circles
it's definitely an improvement
don't like looking "tired"
it's not heavy like many eye products.
it's amazing at reducing
i wasn't using this everyday
no one said beauty is cheep
frankly i prefer arbonne's eye cream
which is also freakin expensive
not like you'll turn into heidi klum
it is a little pricey
amazingly enough, i (and others!)
let's just say after a couple of days i found a sephora asap
i even use around my lips that are kinda wrinkly with awesome results
one star off because i don't like the packaging
i don't feel like it is too harsh to use everyday
i read some reviews that were like "it's too complicated
it's not that complicated
it wasn't bad at all
i do think it's pricey
" here's the answer: don't look at it
it's like a mini facial every morning.
it's a great help for this cold weather now.
we're all guilty of it sometimes
i do like the grittiness of the product
it's not too harsh
it's pricey so don't be afraid to ask a store rep for a sample
it's a mud mask that feels so cool
clean and clear.. it's totally worth the price.
soft i couldn't believe it
the softness doesn't last once it's dry
admittedly i don't have great skin
still nothing compared to my ole
it's fun to use lol love the mud to oil
although i still swear by ole
it may seem as if it's causing a breakout
it's definitely an interesting product
my face stings like crazy for a good 2 minutes
i couldn't fathom the price for such little product
it's nothing some decent moisturizer won't fix
it was super soft which it's never been soft before
a teeny bit goes a long way
suffice to say, i'm sticking to this product!
because it's not awesome with the clarisonic brush
the best it's ever looked.
it seriously looks so glowy
i think 5 stars isn't enough!
it's also extremely dry
it's still not done
he's got normal skin and it's not greasy for him.
my flakiness is gone
it'll become a new cult classic
it's easy to work with.
yes, it is a little pricey, but it's so worth it.
the bottle seems a little pricey
yes i still get a pimple here
combination dry skin it's a life saver
it is those little luxe things that mean so much.
it's nice to find a cleanser that doesn't dry me out
it's really that dry
oh and the small bottle lasts me a long time.
it's helped out my skin a lot!
tooo idk what the heck my skin is
let's be honest the masks are stupppppid expensive
ch to me w my dry skin sooooo i can't really say that it's the face wash doing it
i am a product junky who likes to switch it up
oh my goodness my skin has improved on another level
only gave it 4 stars because it's a tad pricey
even the really expensive stuff
it turns out she was soooo right
it's quite lightweight as well
it's richer than i'm used to
i don't think i like it as much as the black tea
it's helped with my circles
not super heavy or overly greasy
it's great for oily skin too!
this stuff is heaven
is it's a bit thick
other than that it's nice!
it's amazing how much result i am getting from such a lightweight product
my honest reaction to this was that it smells just like my multi-vitamin
i’m very pernickety when it comes to what i put on my face
of course it's going to smell food-ish.
it isn't really that bad
my skin is super picky about what it likes.
it's been oily lately
it comes in a pump (hoorah!)
maybe you'll be pleasantly surprised too
let's not forget the fact that because it is an oil based product you won't get oily
it is really terrible while it's wet.
it's also very pricey.
i guess you can say it's my holy grail skincare product
even alone under makeup it's wonderful.
it's like a nice drink of water.
like that it's a natural line
it's definitely on the pricey side
it's just another product i'm adding so that's underst
spoil alert: it's not better than hers
it's my new go to
not only since it's more affordable
i am usually pretty breakout prone
this product may seem a little pricey
i don't feel oily
that's not been an issue at all
my skin feels insanely clean
on certain days it's a little much
that's just wasting product
kinda rub it around
i can't even stop raving on how this unclogs pores soooo well
it's pretty great for the price you're paying
soooo much better than the boscia one
still can't say wow enough.
it's made my skin so happy!
nothing too heady or overwhelming
it's so mild yet so effective.
no more rd bumps, yeah!
it's that easy on my skin.
it's got great cleansing power
it made all my super bad
it is a bit expensive.
i wasn't super into blue plama peel thing
i couldn't stomach that stuff
i know it is expensive
it's been a rough winter
doesn't feel harsh at all
my skin isn't dry anymore
it's like i have a ig filter on my face all day long
i think it's a perfect summer cream
so this one is my favorite for the fact that it's a completely physical spf without the cast
it's never made me breakout
it's perfect for florida where the sun is always out
it's very fast absorbing
though it's a bit pricey i think it's worth it
it's a little bit out of my price range
i wish it wasn't so expensive!!
a bit pricey so it's more of splurge.
wish it wasn't so expensive.
you're probably using too much
i didn't give 5 stars because it is expensive
suddenly my face is freakin amazing
so weird that everyone is mentioning it.
it's just fine to me.
i kinda like it
yes it's an investment
not at all pleasant but i overlook that part.
and the foaming effect is pretty cool.
after i wasn't using it for a bit my skin didn't seem as nice
it's very nice to me
this one just wasn't for me
this puts my ole henriksen to shame.
that's pretty par for the course with me
$115 for a bottle of this miracle liquid doesn't seem so bad
hype often deters me rather than intrigues me
glowy -- can't say it's ever looked glowy in the past
it is a freaking miracle
it's driving me nuts
i know the price looks a little intimidating
of course freaking out because this is my first line/ wrinkle
the flakiness is all but gone.
it's way more even
i must say the product effin reeks.
that's pretty much all i can say!
i know it's something special
i actually find it pleasant
it's totally worth it
i suppose that's not its main purpose
it's a pity it's so crazy expensive!
the genious line is a little more money anyway
it's perfect for my skin
it's great with dry
thanks algenist and sephora you've done it again!
i typically wouldn't think it buy a high end cleanser
it's perfect for my combination skin
so you look like an oompa loompa
like i have a hangover
it's quick, easy and works!
i love bubble masks, especially this one.
that's really my only complaint
it's wonderful if you're tired
wow oh wow after using this mask my skin is ridiculously soft
i can't wait to feel the cool
c it sounded nice to try
because it sounded intriguing
as each bubble pops it feels so luxurious
i've heard some cute gross out names for this awesome product
it's definitely worth the money.
this one's a real winner.
it is mild for me
some bad reviews here
it's really worth a try because it is easy to use
i know it's not cheap
it's kind of funny to look at
it's a very interesting product
it isn't a miracle in a sense where the bad breakouts are gone overnight
there's not burning feeling like most products
i feel some of the shiseido skincare is overpriced though very effective
you gonna glow like jlo in that versace dress in 2000
you know what i'm talkin 'bout
not quite as much as dior
it's not quite as good
it's literally a gorgeous product
you don't look glittery by any means
i love this mask for a quick fix.
it may seem pricey
it wasn't too bad
this is way too expensive
i don't use it too often in a week since it's exfoliator
i've used it on it's own
i don't find it to be messy at all.
it's lightweight for travel too
once you do it's amazing
i find it's not too harsh on my skin.
i don't appreciate this since it's quite expensive
my only complaint is it's expensive.
it can be a tad messy to deal with
although the price is a bit cringe-worthy to me
it's actually not as messy as i thought it would be
the only thing is that it's a bit pricey
i definetely wouldn't use this alone as its very powdery
isn't overpowering or rough at all
since it's just a powder
it's not sooo strong that you can't use it daily
it's not 100% clear yet
not as bad as with the clarisonic obvs
it's gritty, but it's not too harsh.
it's a little weird to use a power to clean your face
i think that's a good thing
well, that seemed just plain logical to me.
i definitely found it too harsh to use on it's own
it didn't feel gentle
let's me know it's working.
i love this product because it's like the finest
its a bit pricey at $40
it's very easy to use and feels very gentle.
it is a fairly pricy item
it's different because it's a powder
although it's a slightly pricey exfoliant it's worth every dime
i love how it's not too harsh on my skin.
it's enough for my face
it's just as lovely
i can't complain too much
something that shouldn't happen with a product so pricey
it sometimes isn't so easy
i'll weight it later cuz now i'm very curious if it's actually 2oz
it's not too rough
it's so soft, so silly, and so hydrating.
this stuff makes my skin soooo nice
this isn't miracle product
just assumed that's how my skin was
it is a little pricey
it's my god in a bottle
more like a cream i guess?
it's hard to tell when you're running low
will keep dishing out the moola
it's pricey but worth the sacrifice.
by itself it's awesome
it's almost hard to explain
not in an overly sweet sort of way
ok, maybe a little powder but that was all.
i don't thnk the scent of this is particulary strong
it's a necessity for my skin now
btw a little goes a loooong way with this stuff
it's gentle on the skin yet tough on anything that's clogging the pores
my skin is so oily it's disgusting.
now when i use it it's not that tight most likely it's because it got all of that junk out of my face
even when it's "that time"
texture is so rich it's always fun to use
it's pricey, but totally worth every penny.
this mask is a staple for me
it's also less expensive than glamgldw
feels like it's detoxes
it's nice to have a detox mask that isn't drying as well
it's got a nice slip to it
it's pricey at about $120 cdn
it was the cliche "don't know how good you had it til it's gone"
there's a ton left still
it's nice having a medium sized bottle that will practically last for-ev-er
a little pricey but sooooo worth it!
it feels a little tacky
it may seem a tad tacky after application
t's doing what it's suppose to
i can't attest to that as i don't have a lot
it isn't heavy or thick at all
i wouldn't describe it as pleasant either
it's pricey, but well worth it.
it's not as good as this
kinda like chinese medicine of some sort
it sounds like a lot
can't say thanks enough.
it's a really good one
in the summer it's usually manageable
it lasts my ridiculously dry
it is a little expensive
this one to me it's the perfect one
no joke i haven't breakout since i started using this moisturizer
it's not like a st
the texture isn't a problem it's just something different to get used to
it's a balm, so it's going to be thick!
i don't know if it went bad or if it's a bad batch
given that it's pretty eco
it's really making a difference
don't overlook the eyes ladies!
wouldn't use it in the mornings as it is quite rich
which isn't as thick
it's warm not hot
it's very light and not greasy.
it's thick but not greasy at all.
it's thick but not slimy.
although it says it's an overnight balm
because this stuff is bananas
i think it's a good buy!
it's the best texture other than the regular genius cream
it's not oily at all.
if you're going to splurge
yes it is very expensive
perfect with the clarisonic because it froths it up a bit
nah, can't do it.
it's all because of this stupidly marvelous product
absolutely amazing stuff to make skin sooo soft
the results are sooo worth it
i feel absolutely no oil heaviness
it lasts a week-ish usually.
it's an oil obviously
otherwise, it's a great product.
i won't by any products that aren't cruelty-free anymore
i don't mind the greasy feel
i think it's helpful that it goes from blue to clear as an indicator that it's completely rubbed in to the skin
it's not supposed too
overall i think it's a good product
pretty much as soon as i turned 30 (eek!)
i assumed that this would be another overhyped oil product
don't have a whole lot of wrinkles etc
i think it's a good product to start out with retinol since it's pretty gentle
it's a little pricey but definitely worth it.
healthy that it's ever been
i didn't think those were bad compared to luna which reminds me of rotten tea
the second thing i don't like is the way overdone blue coloring that isn't necessary
luna it's a true miracle i woke up every morning with baby skin so let's all shine with luna
that's normal for me
i don't think it's done much for my pores
i say it's worth the splurge!
it's enough to keep me buying this product for life
i got a sample tho because the price is just woah
since it's basically magic in a bottle i can ignore the smell
keep in mind this isn't my usual acne
that's just a personal preference
i know it's expensive
i don't know why people complain about the scent so much it's not so over bearing it's a very calming scent
if you're feeling fancy
i can't say its amazing
since givenchy is chic-er than fab
it wasn't too thick
the product is a bit pricey
it's pricey but worth it.
who doesn't like fast
it's the same product
put it in a cute
that's why this is my ultimate holy grail
it's basically like i have nothing on my skin.
it's been just great for my skin.
this is definitely not cheap
it's like my skin is thriving for it.
the packaging is very cute
it's quite amazing, actually.
it's a fair tradeoff for clear skin
as always though wish it was a tad cheaper
like really freaking oily skin so
i do like it a lot but it is spendy.
it's pricy but a little goes a long way!
i don't find it to be greasy.
it's super gentle considering it's a stronger treatment
still get an embarrassing monster when j do
it sounds like hyperbole, but it's really not.
i can't recommend it highly enough.
and i barely have acne anymore...hallelujah!
i think it's an excellent maintenance problem
it's expensive but worth it, in my opinion.
i love that it's a primer, too.
it's pricey but it's worth it.
irritating or totally ineffective
so something that primes
it's pricey but i think it worth it!
kinda sad though that it doesn't work with my new water based moisturizer
i am itching to purchase full size especially now that it's soo sunny
it's probably my favorite way to incorporate spf into my beauty routine
i hate that it is so expensive
just bummed it's so expensive
i used other primers but this stuff is amazing.
it is a bit pricey
it's the best i've found
spf just makes it go wild
i recommend to anyone that's sensitive to spf
it wasn't too bad on me
i also like the fact that it's transparent
maybe it's not for everyone
it's really awesome for my skin!
since it's so expensive
it's a bit pricier than some products
it's hard to dispense onto my h
it is a bit expensive
this is a bit pricy
once on, it's not greasy.
i don't like the dispenser that it's in.
what i love most about this product is that it's completely sheer
it's like a wonder product
it's my one of my favorite products.
this keeps me not-so shiny too
plus it's the only invisible spf i've ever found.
can't attest to whether or not it's a good primer
it's no longer dry
although this isn't just a primer
doesn't get shiny or look dull
it seems like there isn't much product
don't use too much because it gets super oily
it's absolutely perfect makeup primer.
it's that amazing that i can't imagine doing my makeup without it
isn't slick or sticky like many are
other than that it's wonderful
this stuff though, it is the truth!
it's oily all day long
perhaps because it's very gel-like
i don't look disgustingly oily
i love that it's not greasy
i know my skin is waaay to dry for this product.
helping me not look like a hawt mess with all that makeup on
but that's fine with me.
i especially love that it's cruelty free
it's totally worth it
that seems to wear off pretty quick
it's literally the perfect balance!
because it's so muggy
not because it's dry
this product isn't perfect
i don't look shiny in my t-zone
there isn't another product like it.
if i get overzealous
then it's like it's melting off my face
i don't think it's oil, it's just glimmery.
this eye roller helps soooo much!
i like this product a lot because it's incredibly brightening
nothing comes close to amore pacific
i can't selfishly keep this a secret.
let's say i found it
it's an all around awesome cream
unfortunately the drugstore stuff wasn't cutting it anymore since i'm 34
with this stuff my skin is wayyyy better
it's great during winter.
i don't mind that for a night cream
i definitely feel like it's worth the money
didn't have to be too picky about my cleansing
the flakiness is gone
i need to get more asap because it's still nasty cold here in the midwest
i don't mind it cuz it's fast absorbing
time for something that's useless
it's thick just like i love it
it's definitely a new favorite.
nothin fancy... just the best moisturizer!
it's not flaking anymore
i also like that it's not ridiculously expensive.
i think it's a fair price for the quality of product you're getting
it's a little dewy for summer
it's not very thick
it's not too thick or sticky at all.
i think it's better than the tarts h20 because it's a little thicker meaning it keeps my skin hydrated for longer
looks like it's going to be lasting me awhile
for us dry skin peeps
true belif-er in all of the products i've used so far
or maybe i'm just being picky.
doesn't feel too heavy / greasy
it's a great value too!
it's actually so dry it hurts
it's on the less expensive side at sephora.
it's perfect for both day
it's filled with nothing
i don't like greasy feel
does not feel overly "luxurious"
it's baby smooth again
it's exactly as it says
not to mention it makes your skin feel super dewey
like it's not even on your skin
this is perfect for summertime.
so gosh dang amazing!!!!
finding a product that won't irritate my skin isn't easy
dull which is super uncommon for me
it definitely didn't do as good of a job as aqua bomb
it's non sticky feels great.
it's perfect for the summer because it's cooling
it's really dry here
so while this is too lightweight for me to use on it's own
i swear it also helps cool my skin if it's irritated too
i think it's too heavy
it's super smooth feeling
so far it's great
it's a tad pricey, sure, but worth it.
t sort of has a cooling/refreshing effect
it isn't too expensive!
my catch my boyfriend using this--it's amazing stuff
it's the perfect pick-me-up
aquabomb is where it's at!
plus it's a pretty color
it's better than you'd expect.
it's almost gel like
it's made my skin amazing
especially now that it's summer
$38 might seem really cheap compared too all the other br
it's so cool to the touch
i feel it's hydrogenating.
it's a staple in my beauty routine.
it's not a magic product, though
by itself it's very nice
that's a good thing though
i can not rave enough about this lovely gem!
it doesn't make me breakout either it's like a gel
this may not be to every bodies fancy tho
not irritating or a deal breaker
it's a bit too heavy for daytime use for my skin anyway
i can definitely tell when i've gotten lazy with my bedtime routine
i loveeee it, so refreshing
didn't bring the jar because it's kind of big
tbh this eye cream is underrated
that's enough for one eye
i think they're too harsh for me.
everyone keeps saying it's too thick
let's talk eye cream.
anyways, it's a really great eye cream!
not to mention that it's pretty expensive
let's hope that i don't see new milia!
i think it's too early to judge
it's great for the sheer hydration
what i like best about this eye ream is that it is somewhat thick
while it's not my favorite eye cream out there
it's still a strong performer
it's very light-weight
for when my sensitive skin freaks out
it's definitely a gentle product
i breakout pretty frequently
i can't say that my skin tone is very much different so far
makes it look very even rather than flaky
yes the peel off part is annoying
this mask was kind of confusing at first!
i chose this mask because i had these annoying bumps
this is the weirdest peel off mask i have ever used
it's pricey but worth it!
it's a little greasy on the skin
that's ok because i only use it at night
it's soo worth it.
it's not completely gone
this stuff is non irritating
i love this line in any event as it's not expensive
this isn't for you
it's one of my favorite.
ridiculously so that it's been a nightmare trying to rub
strangely satisfying i must say though my husb
it's like a mask for your eyes
t'll prolly last you longer than a pot
it's definitely my new staple item.
it's very gentle even using it twice daily.
it's now a part of my beauty routine.
perfect for under foundation because it's not heavy
it's not broken me out
don't be fooled by the glittery cream you can barely notice it
it's straight up combination
it's so nice that the "counter-intuitive" of oil products on skin is going away
when you're just indulging in too much product
it's not fancy with all the great smells some other br
my only complaint is that it's a little messy when you get it out of the dropper
it's multifunctional and i absolutely love it.
it can make such a difference in my skin if it's looking a little dull
it's not too heavy and not greasy at all.
it's not overly oily like some products.
it isn't that bad in this item.
that's why i gave it 4 stars
i don't really think it's a big deal
hey my feet are super dry
felt it was too light on it's own
which i like too
the pump on the mud size it's kinda ehhhh other then that it's perfect
it's a fabulous product that i will be keeping around
i love that it's still very gentle
that may just be my obsession
if the product wasn't so expensive
it isn't harsh on my face at all
can't recommend it highly enough!
because i was too lazy to look for a new br
the only reason i didn't give the full 5 stars is because it is a tad bit drying
the price is a bit too high but it's worth it.
even the glam glow super mud clarifying one isn't as effective on me like everyone else i see
it's a holy grail for me!
bonus that it's also fun to use and is pretty!
the only one i'm ehh about is the blue one
this oil is kind of pricey.
it's definitely not overpowering
doesn't feel like it's weighing down my face
i know it sounds like a lot
it is a little pricey
i think it's too expensive for the amount of product you are getting though
i usually just buy a cheapie brand.
it's not irritating at all
voila they look great
it's amazing for my combination skin!!!!
i still don't feel like it's too heavy
it's expensive, but arguably worth every penny.
it's honestly life changing.
i don't have that awful shine with this product
for the summer it's perfect
i think it's good for summer.
it's not bad per say
and it doesn't feel heavy.
the reason i'm bummed is the high price
i normally use algenist genius
it's also supposed to be unscented which i suppose is true
i don't find it overpowering at all
so the price isn't too horrible
it's not oily at all
the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is because it's a bit heavy on the sunscreen feeling
i just wish this was a teeny bit better
it's a little pricey but the jar is huge!
it's a little bit on the pricier side
a bit too spendy for me
it doesn't feel greasy at all
which is an awesome plus for combo/oily skin
it's all i've been using
i just wish it weren't so expensive
i love this product because it's brightens
holy shiznit, this stuff is amazing!!
isn't a whiff pleaser imo
what's not so great about it: a bit pasty
if you're a sensitive gal like me
if you're tough stuff, you'll like it.
it is not overbearing
doesn't spread super easily
it's not oily and doesn't break me out.
and it also has spf sooooooo that's a plus.
of course it's a bit white right when you put it on
i like it better than alot of the fancy stuff.
i like fresh and ole henriksen as well.
in combo with the ultra repair cream it's fine
that's not a big issue for me
i've got combo skin, and it's just perfect.
even though it wasn't my original first choice
the formula is pretty thick
it's totally worth it
think it's really removing the bad stuff
i can't get over how cheap this product is
it's quick and easy to use.
yes i know thats nasty
took that as a good sign that it's potent
realized it's basically the same thing as glamglow
it's a total dupe for glamglow but $50 less.
it's nothing that i can't get past
it is messy though
it's the first mask i've used that actually feels like it's doing something
it is so much it's almost disgusting
it helped suck the junk
its almost as if glamglow is the knockoff here
i will say my skin feels soooo smooth after using it
besides that it's nothing special
it's definitely a good dupe for the white glam glow
oddly enough that's one of the reasons i got it
overall it's a very good product!
the fact that it works sooo well
it's just that good
it's now a staple product 4 me!!!
it is a true dupe for the glam glow mask which much more expensive
plus it's sooo affordable
it was almost overbearing for me.
i guess that's because of the clay
other than that it's perfect
i wouldn't say it's a dupe at all.
it doesn't tingle or feel like it's working on my skin
it's way better than the glam glow one
same as glam glow but less expensive
which i wasn't expecting
the mask itself is kind of chunky
it makes my skin so firm and it's really fun!
i don't find it bothersome
the product so far works, but it stanks, lol.
i only did 4 stars because it kinda burns when it's working
packaging is high-key boring as it gets
it's what's on the inside that counts
it's $40 cheaper than glam glow
and i am a mud mask snob.
which i haven't used
it's affordable for a nice facemask
the product doesn't bubble as much as i'd like
it was really fun to use because the bubbles
i think it's just a fun mask to use once a week.
otherwise it's kind of sticky
makes it's super soft
figured i wouldn't splurge on something too fancy
it's so fun and different!
that's not the case with this mask.
it's something like you've never tried before!
it definitely perks up tired skin
it's then very calming
it's such a fantastic price point
it's cool and a teeny bit tingly going on.
it's not messy or sticky
i usually plop some on my clarisonic
maybe that's where the warming effect comes from
awesome product if u factor in the lowish price !
there's no tight feeling!
didn't feel tight at all
it's really wonderful to use
this stuff is insane
it's great as well
clumsy me, i thought.
it's very lightweight and not greasy.
it doesn't feel overly oily at all.
now it's so much more even
i truly haven't haha
it doesn't feel heavy
my skin downright loves this stuff
if that's not miraculous
it's not dry either
it's just perfectly balanced.
but, it's amazingly wonderful.
it's really reduced any dullness in my skin
just by the darn thing
i pretty much ignored it as i am not very clumsy
it is ridiculously easy to do and such a shame!
i guess it's worth it
i know it's expensive
bummed that this is so pricey
this is not a dud!
it made my dull
i only wish it wasn't so expensive
it feels like it's completely absorbed
it's not heavy like a normal beauty oil
doesn't leave a heavy film
plus it's going to last me a long while.
it's also got beautiful packaging
it added a fun kinda spin to the mask
it's a little pricy, but it'll be worth it.
it is pricy but it's so worth it.
my face was sooooo smooth
there's no way i've gone through 1
it sure is tempting to
very pricey but soooo worth it.
pricey yes, but worth it, defiantly yes!
it feels crazy but super cool!
it feels like an expensive bubbly champagne or something that i just absolutely love the tingly feeling of
it does bubble up
it's so easy to spread across the skin
enjoy this product it's very light weight
it's been a bit rough trying to accept this
you're using too much
the results aren't great enough to justify it
for people who say it's suffocating
for me personally i don't buy the spf version because this cream is so thick
it does it's job.
you shouldn't use too much though because it is quite thick
it's rare to find a make up br
i wish this wasn't so expensive!
if you're at your wits end with sub par moisturizers it's worth a try
it's actually diminished them
it becomes more absorbed into my skin i think huh?
to me that is dull
so far it is my holy grail!!!!
it weren't so expensive
it's very light formula.
as a face cream, i feel it's not for me.
it's not at all greasy
they are a little pricey
it doesn't feel heavy nor greasy
it feels really comfy on the oily t-zone
it's enough for your whole face
this isn't an extreme instant detox
my skin was soooooo soft
i wasn't expecting it to be as powerful as it it because it's not a mask you peel
it's just as amazing
it's not even advertised as a pore minimizer!
but thats all its good for.
it looks weird because its pink
it's perfect therefore don't leave it for a very long time because it's hard to take off
it's the most amazing mask i've ever used
it's the only thing that has gotten rid of stubborn white heads
just started using it and it's amazing.
clay masks can be a bit underwhelming.
it's really not half as bad
you've got a great product here so don't ruin it
i will again because they're so expensive
it's gotta be great
(not a bad thing, just an observation).
it's still the best mask i've tried
it ran out really fast but it's worth it!
it's rare i still find one i don't have or haven't tried
it's not over drying which is nice.
it's pretty resilient to products
it's gentle enough my skin doesn't turn red
it's a mask i won't do without
this product is a little pricy
to me it's completely worth it.
it's probably only half gone
it's truly amazing and worth the splurge
it's been looking dull
so it's a good deal.
i think it's great as a spot treatment
absolutely obsessed with this mask!!
i often forget about it because it's so light weight
it's just amazing worth every penny
i usually don't like masks
it isn't drying which is a big plus for me.
that's just me though
what's unique about this mask is that it doesn't dry into a hard
i love that there's finally a natural product that is effective to clear blemishes
no gimmicks, this stuff really works.
which says a lot because i'm a product junky!!
that's a good sign that it's working
that's after my usual tried
isn't gentle about it
it's so hard to cleanse off
show me a mud mask that isn't
it's really great stuff!
it's a bit tingly when it goes on
it was a bit unpleasant
i really like this mask and it's not over price!!
easy to use i can see that it's working it's magic even on my sensitive skin
it is usually very combo
love it and it's inexpensive.
it's much more even after using the mask.
it's easier to get off
it's not overly strong or powerful however.
my only gripe that i can live with is the smell just isn't very pleasant
now it really isn't bad at all
i can't say enough good about sunday riley.
holy grail stuff i will always buy
yes it is expensive
it's an indulgence that really grows on you
not bionic -- way too heavy
it is so weird.
it's subject to different tastes
it is a bit pricey
surprisingly it doesn't make me look as greasy as i thought it would
it's unfair of people to say it's a terrible product just because it didn't work for you personally
i wouldn't say it's a necessary part of my skincare routine
it's definitely become a staple is my regime
just as good as the amore sleep mask
my skin seems always craving for more
for the first time in... uh, forever!...
the downside is that it's only good for 6 months
if there's one time frugality shouldn't trump quality
it's like a nice little face massage at the end of the day
i really love that it's designed to be travel friendly
it kinda feels a bit greasy at first
i guess that's just not for everyone
it is so freaken lovely to use.
i think it's great!
for me that's a lot of primer
especially if you're combo/dry
the packaging was too cute for me
first off it's very hygienic
i am pretty picky when it comes to removers
thought this product was cute
it's crazy how well this works
is richer than the ole henriksen
but i guess this isn't your traditional cleanser.
it feels oily, but it isn't.
it's great for oily skin
i think it's overpriced for what you get
it's a pleasure to use every night
it's very easy to wash off
cool look and feel too.
it's srsly some kind of magic potion
honest to goodness the oiliest skin in the whole world
if you've ever used the becca ever matte primer
it isn't on my face
it's my new favorite.
it's not sticky or heavy.
for that i think it's expensive
i mean like grand canyon-esque.
screwing it up to use it was really convenient!
it's a bit sticky going on
it's not harsh on the skin
the only reason i don't give 5 starts is because it is slightly messy
after you've used it
less breakouts and for me, that's a big deal.
and it's holding up very well.
i don't like the packaging
the whole packaging is useless garbage to me!
it’s pricey for a soap bar technically
it's a fun thing to use if you like to try different beauty products
it's definitely a weird consistency
the packaging leave something to be desired so that's why there's one star off
i twist it up very slightly
it's really not that hard to twist up just slightly
i don't think it's that messy
i feel like my skin is the cleanest it's ever been after using this product
it's nothing new to me
my skin is very finicky about what's on it.
it's not so easy to zip round the nose
i found it's easier to maintain if i twist it up a little
it's not as tidy a travel companion as i imagined it would be
it's also fun to use.
the only annoying thing is that the suds are grey
it's awesome to travel with however
it doesn't mean it's not good
maybe it's because i love to look matte.
first of all it comes in a pump so it's hygenic.
i can see oily gals
normal to combo gals liking this product
it's so refreshing, feels just like water.
it's perfect for my skin because it isn't heavy
night as my skin cocktail during my double ohhh my gosh skin process
it has been looking pretty dull
yet somehow non-greasy
it's not too strong
i didn't notice it to be tacky at all
the tacky feel never went away
i don't consider that a bad feature at all
i do agree with the other reviews that the tackiest is weird
love that it isn't too greasy
it's not greasy at all
it's true that it leaves a little bit of tackiness on your skin
yes it's pricey but if it works for you buy it!
i hate to sound like one of those commercials
it's become a part of my skin care routine.
now it's better than ever
it's pricey but definitely worth the money.
it's so soft now
i like that it doesn't feel tight
i only gave 4 stars though because it is pricey.
it's very easy to apply.
love it but a little too expensive
i can't 100% say brighter
can't rave enough about this mask!
it seems a bit coarse though
this product is ridiculous addicting.
you want ridiculous soft
t isn't instant change
another good mud mask from the glam glow folks.
this may seem weird
isn't hot or painful at all
it's not my favorite of the glamglow masks
can't wait to try more masks from glam glow
that's why this gets 4 stars
i tried to cut it out of my routine because it is pretty pricey
it's all thanks to this mask
this ish is amazing.
omg omg, this stuff is actually incredible.
looks sooo awesome compared to few nights ago
i don't typically like this sort of mask.
i mean i love all of glam glow line
remember that everyone's skin is different
i love all the glam glow masks i have tried so far
i just wish it wasn't so expensive as far as wipes go
it's pretty bad & i'm not sure why.
they are a bit pricy
then i realized it's a men's line.
these wipes make it sooooooo easy
it's actually so large
they're definitely worth getting!
my skin is sooo much smoother after just one use!
it works but it's so expensive !!!
overall i think it's a good
you're face looks so good today
this mask is pretty darn amazing
actually this mask is pretty cool
totally worth the money and super easy to use.
i just wish it wasn't so pricey because id use it every day
it's definitely worth the splurge
if it wasn't so expensive
sadly it's just not affordable for me
it's just way too pricy
only giving 4 stars because it is pretty pricey.
which is surprisingly not tight
i took a star away because it's a very expensive moisturizer
i think it's my new favorite.
i think it's because i use a thick layer
when i start to get grungy
it's definitely worth it and is always my go to.
a litttle goes a looong way
i wouldn't say inexpensive
i wouldn't say it's pricey because it's worth the money
t sucks the nasty stuff out of your face
it's like a 2 in 1 because after using the mask
it's much more affordable than a lot of other masks
it's very easy to wash off
now that it's in my beauty routine
it's works with my skin
it was just awfully difficult to wash off
i love i this face mask because it's not super expensive
feels awfully minty when you first apply
it never looks dull anymore
just after one use this mask made my skin so soft it's ridiculous
i got this as a point perk
it's the first time i've used a mask
i think it's totally worth it.
it makes the scaring
i loooove this mask.
it's a little hard to get off
it's waaaaay easier to take off
it's just seriously that good.
it's awesome for the price
nothing too crazy amazing
it's soooo worth it
every time i'm feeling particularly blah with a ton of little bumps
i think it's just the mask working
how freakin sweet would that be??
it was kinda hard to remove
this mask feels sooo good when it's on
it's a staple in any collection
it's doesn't make my chin break out here
they are so underrated
yes my skin is a disaster
it smells sooo amazing i'm so addicted i'll definitely purchase over
yet, it works perfectly and worths it.
their stuff maybe pricey
let's just say i learned my lesson
sometimes it's best to stick with what works
it is a bit pricey
has a flim feeling to it
i put a bit too much
after a few days the product becomes a weird sticky/tacky consistency
what it does i loooooove this product it's become a go-to in my beauty regimen
for those saying it's too sticky
you're applying wayyyy too much
it didn't have an overpowering
kind of obsessed with this.
it's super lightweight and does not break me out!
i think it's a bargain!
one little tub gave me 5-7ish uses
i love it because it's not too expensive
it wasn't sticky at all
i don't use all of the formula in one day because it's rich enough with small amounts
it's good for at least 3-4 uses
f your fave touches the pillow it's sticky
rather than one that feels a little tacky
these masks are so cheap and so amazing!
this facemask is sooo good!
i really addicted to a good masks
is that the packaging is a little awkward
enough for two uses imo
usually it's somewhat oily
you can't beat the price of $4 which is probably why it's not resealable
i wouldn't nessecary call it a typical "mask" though
there's about 3-4 uses per container so a lot of bang for your buck
i've gotten a couple that weren't
it's my absolute favorite one by a long shot
it's a gel formula that isn't greasy at all.
it doesn't feel cakey or slimey.
it dried my hormonal breakout that was going insane
the little packets are too fiddly for long term use for me
there's a lot in the actual container
that's what i mean by powder
this isn't super mattifying
it is a little expensive
quick so theres no excuse anymore
it's so great for my dry skin.
i don't need "special" "curated" ingredients for something that's literally being washed away
it's pretty good for the price
at least it's not a horrible smell you can't get used to
i just wish the spf version wasn't so greasy
i think 19$ it's pretty good price.
doesn't feel too thick compared to the boscia br
i've gotten lotsa compliments on my skin since i started using this
it isn't bothersome either
needless to say it's probably one of my favorite cleansers on the planet
i can't remember which
although it's an oil
that's a good price i have combination skin
this is a nice bang for my buck item
it's one of my favorite products ever.
don't be hesitant because it's an oil!
i got it because it was cheap.
i like that it's a thicker oil
which isn't a problem for me
im just being picky
cants say anything bad about it
i think it's enough for me
even without makeup i'm looking goooood!
it's very cooling to the touch
the entire concoction of the mask is a marvel i think
it's definitely very expensive
it's not right for every skin type
well worth it gals!
my skin just wasn't making any sense.
it's perfect for morning
it doesn't feel heavy
so far la prairie was the best for me
i think it's too early to tell about fine lines bcoz i m using it for 2 weeks
overall it's a good product
my face is basically a cute baby's bum.
so it's technically part of a regimen.
it's not bad, though.
it's not the worst either
it's not too heavy
price isn't bad either!
it's so great for everyday use.
i somehow lucked out
yes, it does hurt a little-it's a laser.
but it isn't intolerable.
they're getting worse as i age
the dark circles look are looking soooo much better
it's quick and easy in my opinion.
i usually don't buy things like this because i always think they're some type of gimmick
oh my god was it so worth it.
yes it is not pleasant.
it's kind of like micro peeling so you can't see it
it's a subtle change, very natural.
it's better than the fine lines i have
it's not greasy either!
the foundation was waaay too drying
probably too little to notice a difference since i was kinda iffy about putting oil on my face
which isn't to say it's not a great product.
it just means it's not good for my skin.
i think it's very versatile
i think it's a great concept
i think it's a nice product
that's just my life
am no longer flaky
it's definitely part of my everyday routine now.
derm says it's ok
it's definitely a hg product for me now
putting nay type of oil is beyond stressful
i swear i'm not a klutz
it's not a heavy or greasy feel at all
it's just less messy that way
it's great in the summer
it's the best thing for my skin
love this stuff it's definitely worth the price!
it makes your face feel sooo soft
gives enough hydration even though i wish it had just a tad bit more
how it's got natural ingredients
it's also really nice under makeup
people are like "wtf?!
yes it friggin does
doesn't give me the "wow" dewy look i was hoping for
annoyed that this is pretty pricey
it's has the funkiest consistency
i wish it wasn't so expensive
this product is soooo good!
it's great for all skin types and all seasons!
love how it's spf
as usual, philosophy doesn't disappoint.
it's my new favorite.
it's on the pricey side
that was too rich for me
it's not that great
it's expensive, but a little goes a long way.
i don't think it's caused new breakouts
i know its pricey
it's a wonderful all in.one.
love this stuff, pricey but it works
use it cuz this is a product that works
i didn't realize this product was so expensive
you're using way too much
it's a very interesting texture that's like a solid
this is sake infused so don't be surprised if it smells a little boozy
it's supposed to be white
it's like amazingly absorbing
i've gotta say it's even better as a warm weather
i do not feel it's sticky at all
it's not sticky whatsoever
it's so light weight
it's not sticky and a bounce back formula.
that's the best way to describe it.
almost like it wasn't even there *insert emoji two thumbs up*
it doesn't have an spf which i like
it's soft, smooth, and i highly recommend it!!!
one of my favorite things about it is that it's not heavy at all
glowy-er than it ever has been
i don't think it's the most hydrating product out there
that it's not greasy
at first i thought the sake infused products was a bit of a gimmick
very expensive though, geez.
it's really light and not greasy at all.
it's just been really really pleasant to use
it's only a 4 star product for me though because of the price
soooo my skin has been awful for a year
it's no longer red and it's super soft.
it is a bit tacky
it's still quite expensive for the amount of product you're receiving
it looks soooo good .
my face is soooo soft
yes it is a bit sticky for awhile
thats minor to me as it feels very lightweight
making it seem like its the first time you're using it everytime lol
it's extremely pleasant to use
the lightweight formula is why i love this stuff
it's my all-time favorite
it's a great eye cream
i've tries sooooo many br
it's not a miracle cream
it's visibly effective and fast.
this one is wayyyyy better
hooray i can use this product
a tad on the pricey side
it's worth it- i'll be exchanging the caudalie for the ole henriksen
not sure if it's reducing darkness
it's very easy to absorb
it's such a nice texture
it stays where it's supposed to while you're sleeping
but it does nada for the dark circles.
it makes you look less tired.
it's not a miracle, but worked for me.
just wish it wasn't so expensive
a very good day eye cream because it isn't as rich as others
it's very lightweight which i normally don't like
it's not sticky at all
it isn't so much a balm
i don't think there's any product to completely rid someone of dark circles
don't think that's enough time
i wouldn't describe it as a balm though
ok, is it a miracle?
nothing can't completely cure it
it isn't real rich
it's nice and light and not too thick.
i feel like it's working
then again i don't expect skincare to be wondrous plus im using this as a preventative measure rather than a treatment as im still pretty young so like yeah except for the pilling it is nice
it's almost insane how much better my skin looks
it isn't too heavy or too light.
this isn't a miracle cream
you'll feel too lotiony/slick
am sure it's because i am using this precious cream
i hate that i love this moisturizer because it's sooo expensive
it's a little on the pricey side
it's rich but not heavy.
it just plain works
oh, and a little goes a long way!
it's not greasy and stays on long.
it's the only moisterizer i've used that really lasts all day
so even though it's over $50
the store has lousy visuals for it--they are constantly moving it around
it isn't too greasy for daytime.
it's light enough to be a day cream too
it's great so far
it's probably too soon to see the antiaging benefits
it's light, but not too light.
it's perfect for my combination skin.
it's a perfect weight for nighttime.
it wasn't heavy enough to withst
much more efficient than even la prairie's ridiculously expensive
my face is sooo smooth
this stuff is like a miracle in a jar.
this is so cool.
it's weird--putting on as mask
doesn't feel at all harsh
it was pretty rad
i completely recommend this; it's amazing.
so that's even better
it really does the trick when my skin is looking a little drab
i don't have the time for a full-on pamper sesh
it's not too harsh on my skin
it's a quick mask for those days when your skin just isn't having it
it's like a mini indulgence every time
annoying ones that you can't even squeeze out
i think everyone should try this product because it's inexpensive
it's like a mini mask for me!
i don't have a fave yet
i don't really thinks there's much of a difference between the 3 masks besides color
here's what i loved: although the tube is small
this foams up you can see it working feels lite
it's not overpowering enough to stick around
it's fairly sensitive to weather
becoming too lax on my beauty routine lately
thats almost too much
it's gentle but super effective.
it just feels so luxurious
i believe that's just part of the ritual: feeling you're pampering yourself
i don't feel it's very firming though
i cannot afford this gem
they're the perfect combo.
doesn't feel heavy or sicky
this is not irritating
the dropper is horrible
it's expensive but it does work.
the dropper does seem very frustrating to use
i don't think it lasts very long
i cannot think of it's name
it's claim is "look fabulous not frozen
i seriously can't believe how gorgeous my skin looks
i know these seem a little pricey
it's fair to say that i am addicted.
isn't as quick to settle
i don't find it overpowering
it's a great moisturiser for the eyes it's very soothing
$35 for an eye cream isn't bad either
in a really stupid smile
it's pretty, fun to put on and peel off!
it isn't greasy at all
i love it when i find products that aren't fancy or popular
it's really difficult to explain
he's never strayed from amore pacific
it just drinks this stuff up
which isn't so much oily
that's better than looking like a cherry
i think it is one of the most underrated ren products
also love that it's cruelty-free!
soooo... this shouldn't have any bad reviews!
just seems a bit pricey for a face wash
it doesn't lather up so crazy
it's definitely long lasting
lancer skincare is the only thing i am confident in splurging on because it's worth it
it's got a really nice texture
i like that it's okay to use around the eye area
my only complaint is if you're lazy like me
very lightweight and doesn't feel greasy.
it's not hurting it like some
it definitly can tingle/sting
the price point is a little scary
it's well worth it
lancer's stuff is ridiculously expensive
love it significantly reduced my dark circles they aren't completley gone
gave me kind of meh results
it's really good for dry skin
it's lightweight, but works great!
stinging after a bit too much aha use
honestly i have tried like hella masks
this stuff is gold for me.
it's also somewhat sensitive.
it definitly doesn't leave a greasy residue
its sooo freaking cooling
it definitely doesn't leave me shiny tho which is a big plus for my combo skin
my skin is insanely smooth.
also there's a decent amount of product
this is odd stuff
it is actually so funny
it's just that awesome.
so for that the price point is a little eh
it's a nice compliment to my foreo luna cleansing tool
finicky if i do
it's hard to find a product that works
doesn't feel at all tight
i wasn't sure which mask to use
it's just very gentle
it's just ok..it's not my favorite.
the cool weather isn't helping
surprisingly few that your skin won't
i love that it's fast, and easy to rinse off.
it's definitely worth getting.
it is super refreshing
i also liked the fact that it isn't at all drying or irritating
i couldn't not rant
that's it for my whole face
nothing bad or captivating
i legit think it's magic.
it's perfect for day use which is what it's made for anyways
that's a huge compliment to me
it's not too greasy
it's definitely worth a try.
it's sort of sticky, but in a good way.
frankly, i wasn't expecting to like it that much.
this product was just too heavy for my liking
it's at a great price point, too!
needless to say this product is perfect for me
since using this product it's all
i know it says it's for morning
i will say that it stays tacky
other have said it's too thick
in the real word
is that it's in a jar
that's the only criticism
it's not a problem at all
it's a relief as i rub it in.
that's rare for me.
it's my new salvation.
it's a very lightweight cream that's great to use under makeup
i wouldn't say it's fast-absorbing because i can still feel a very slight tackiness after i apply it
but it's not bad at all.
it is a little pricey, but it is amazing.
it's not heavy at all
it isn't heavy whatsoever
the packaging is ridiculously adorable
because it's vey lightweight for my combination skin
it's lightweight and doesn't just sit on my skin.
that's enough for me
i love that it's easily absorbed
it's too early to tell
it's too soon to say if it's helping any of my acne
the bar is actually pretty st
pretty without being perfumey
love that it's cruelty free.
it's on the small side if you are used to cheap soap
it's not so great for my face
especially with all this griminess
it's big and good for the price.
it doesn't sud too much
it's easy to get product
it's a hint of rose, nothing too strong.
it's nothing that can't be fixed by a little bit of moisturizer
i wish it was a tad bigger!
it does seem pricey for a soap, though.
it's so hard to find luxury products that are clean
this to me smells straight up like jack daniels
now it's the end of may
i could cry cause this stuff has been a life saver
it's something i can certainly deal with to have beautiful skin
isn't bad enough to stop me from using this fabulous oil
although this oil is a bit too much on the pricey side for me i am very wowed by its use
i can't get over the smell it's a dream
it's much lighter than any of sr's as well
it's hard to believe the difference.
it's life changing, it truly is.
actually it is quite lightweight
it's made out of natural ingredients -- plus it's cruelty-free
this oil is astonishingly good
i mean super well
i love that it's vegan too!
it's great for the fall
this stuff is heaven.
it's seriously a magical little miracle worker.
it's too heavy for day for me
i love that it isn't a thick cream
it is not a joke
no joke, this stuff is magic.
this stuff will last you a loooooong time
i love it and it's all natural.
it's all natural which is a huge plus!
not to mention their packaging is gorgeous.
it's a very nice product.
lastly i love that there are no nonsense ingredients
seeing as it's oil after all
it's not very strong
they are super refreshing
i don't often give 5 star reviews
this isn't quite as strong as luna
it's one of my favorites!
the oil is a bit pricey
soft i just can't get enough
bad habit i know
that it's not greasy
i feel like it's even softer
they are super refreshing
it's still lovely now
it's perfect for all weather
it's still not heavy
maybe this isn't the product for you
not to mention the fact that the bottle looks so cute on my nightst
it's a completely luxurious way to take care of your skin
it's kinda hard to explain
the sent fads fast so don't worry if you are averse to fragrance
it's also not too heavy or oily.
which is shamefully expensive
we're hooked for effective and all-natural.
it's not like that
it was very tempting to use it often because it is so effective
a little goes a loooong way
the mask is so dang good.
my skin just wasn't the same
yes it's a little messy
it's hard to clean off sometimes
it's a little weird at first
my skin was freaking out
it's kind of crazy how quick it works.
only weird part about it is that it's in a giant glass jar
seems unsanitary and kind of gross.
the super cute packaging doesn't hurt, either.
it's a bit hard to apply
i don't know what kind of witchy magic is in this
you've been waffling because of the price
the product is pricy, but it lasted me a year!!!
it's not too harsh also!
that's the aha working
i am a sucker for instant skin care gratification
i don't have terrible skin
which i oddly like
feel like that's a good endorsement
maybe because it's a super thin consistency
i looooove this mask!
t really wasn't anything even remotely unbearable
it's also one of the most gentle
i wouldn't say it is for overly sensitive skin
sounds harsh i know
kinda forgot about it
s are hard on skin folks
it's so easy to use and brings results!
super lightweight so you won't break out!
i overused one of first times
my acne is waaay better than it was.
it's very easy to apply
i didn't notice too much of difference because it's such a slow
for $48, it's a great product.
cooling while it's on
plus it's not even as expensive as glamglow.
that's how i'm using it
it's especially good to use around my time of the month when my skin is hormonally freaking out
yes it's that bad
i didn't get much of a tingle
it's made a big difference
so far it's great
yes it's a little pricey
it's worth it to me just for a smooth
maybe it's in my mind
it is not irritating
there's so much product left
there's good heft to this
it's so thick, a little goes a long way.
that's enough product for both eyes
i wouldn't describe it as ridiculously thick
the bulky packaging doesn't bother me so much.
omg it's so smooth
used one from lush that didn't do much
it's definitely not hurting--i mean i don't look older from it--lol--it's very moisturizing--love that it's all natural
it's a really good solid eye cream
big plus that it's natural and cruelty free.
just need a lil bit.
becuase i like how lightweight it feels when it's on my skin
the packaging is also really cute.
namely the cute packaging
a little goes a looooong way
it's the perfect eye cream in every single way
what i didn't like about this product was the dropper
i know it doesn't sound much
perhaps it's all the new stuff i got
i don't know if it's the serum
whatever is in there packs a wallop
quite frankly it's been a game changer for my skin
simply because it just isn't in my budget
the formula isn't harsh
the twist up dropper cap on this was the neatest surprise
it isn't a ton of product for $40
it's non drying, and doesn't leave a film.
there's nothing super special about it
feel in love eminently
it's pricey, but lasts a long time.
i think it's very simple.
it's all due to this line
that's 10% as opposed to this
you get absurdly fresh serum
it's a product that i can't wait to use in the morning lol <3 it's also nondrying
see if it was more than just a cute
it's decadent but very natural same time.
this stuff is pure magic.
but wow it is bad.
to me, it's worth it.
i think it's totally worth it
which isn't that big of a deal
so my skin isn't in bad shape
goes on kind of tacky
i genuinely couldn't care less about spf :
it does got on tacky
have never felt it's too thick
it's truly an amazing product.
it's best skin care i've ever used in my life
the smell is nothing bad it simply means there's no perfumes in it duh
honestly it's very faint in my opinion
my skin is annoyingly combination
that is so unimportant.
that's because it's all-natural
was not super shiny
a lot of people say it's tacky
i think it's pretty smooth
it does wear off pretty fast
it's supposed to be that way if it's really vitamin c
it's important to note that this product has an orange color not because it's gone bad
it's really worth the splurge
got this in de let's b clear set
i read the reviews that say it's sticky
isn't that what we're paying for?
does have a slightly tacky feeling when applied
my makeup goes on sooo smooth
cause let's be real
it's not overpowering at all though
it's so smooth when you put it on
it's perfect for people with the same skin type as me
there's this nice cooling affect
love it so much but so expensive.
it's very nice for normal skin.
i used it as a primer and it wasn't half bad.
it's not heavy whatsoever.
it's cooling and amazingly light.
it's very lightweight for my combo skin
not fun to use though
it was a splurge that i wasn't sure i'd use
that's just personal preference
this was a slightly iffy purchase but i love it!
i think it's a great product for the morning.
plus it's fun to play with the mousse
something about the foam makes it feel extra effective haha
it's super non-drying
this is a staple for me!
since it's a foam a little bit goes a long way.
i feel like its a bit gimmicky with the foam
other than that it's a good product.
it's pretty decent at getting off makeup
it's also fun to make foam beards
i'll admit the cute label
this product is sooo good!!
it's very light and doest have much of a scent.
it's fun to use and feels so luxurious.
it's not like any other facewash i've used.
that's not what it's for
they say egg sized amount and it's way too much.
i love this stuff it's so amazing it's a great way to get rid of acne
thanks too cool for school
it's my favorite korean make up brand
i kind of hoped that this wouldn't work since it's pricey
the bottle isn't huge
which i wasn't expecting
if you're ok with forking over $80+ a month
though i can't quite say firmer
little bit pricey but it's worth it.
it's all the time
i know this is pricey
the price is plain disappointment pure
;) get this product- it's amazing!
even the expensive ones that aren't supposed to
ps the price makes me cringe lol
it's like manna from heaven
the price is annoyingly high.
does not feel sticky or tacky at all
doesn't leave any tackiness behind
overall i think it's a pretty good product.
if you've had filler you know the feeling.
it's a little sticky but worth it.
it hasn't entirely gotten rid of them
it's not harash at all.
my skin is better than it's ever looked
it works it's magic
and they're not so cute and freckly anymore.
tacky if you use to much
it's a winner for me!
i guess that's what it's called
it's lightened them a ton
it doesn't act fast
since its sorta pricey
i'd purchase it because it's just amazing
yes, it is slightly sticky.
it's a tad tacky, but dries down well.
they're not totally gone
it's does what it promises
it's definitely worth it
it's actually made me look so much more youthful
it's so amazing i could cry.
so they're very gentle
it's awesome to really take off all the dead skin
i find it's best when used only 2
it seems on the expensive side
it's definitely worth a try.
i felt like it wasn't cleansing
ahas can be a little harsh
together they're just perfect
i don't find it harsh at all
it's a bit expensive, but 100% worth it.
plus it lasts forever!
it's very gentle too
it's nothing moisturizer can't fix
it's easy on the skin
it's not like magic
ummm this product is amazing!!!
it's one of my favorites
it's not abrasive and i use it daily.
now my face looks it's age
i guess that's the anti aging stuff
it may be overkill
oh-em-gee i cannot get over how great this product is
it's gentle enough to use each day
it is ridiculously expensive
is a little less expensive
it's also mild enough that it doesn't irritate me at all
know it's safe to use around my eyes
only some of benefit's they're real
this stuff is so divine.
typically will wear what i like to call a full glam face lol
it's just an oil after all
of course that's when i look down
and it's not too oily for my skin.
it's difficult to find this combo
i break out easily when there are too many wacky ingredients
so that's how i use it
it actually becomes a nice lather
i can't recommend it highly enough.
they are meh/alright
its god's tear drops because that's the only explanation for how amazing this stuff is
it's great for stuff and things for your face
i put up with it because it's effective
my acne was so bad i would cry about it
it's gone down so much
still getting breakouts in my 40s is just plain unfair
it seems like it is getting more expensive
it was pretty gross
one bottle lasts for a looong time.
i really think it's a miracle!
it's a bit odd for me though
my breakouts weren't as red anymore
i think it's pretty good stuff.
it's definitely a treatment, not a quick fix.
i wish it wasn't this expensive
that's how i use this
it is a bit of an indulgence
a little bit on the pricier side but it's ok.
it's just so great
i actually cursed because it was so expensive
although i find this horribly expensive
i don't think this is to pricey you don't use a lot of product
it's also gentle enough to use in the morning.
am not going through the product insanely fast too
wasn't expecting too much
it's a nice treat for yourself
it is certainly a pricy product
it's more travel-friendly
i don't mind earthy/natural etc but... nope!
wish it weren't so pricey!
pretty pricey but totally worth it.
it's light and not overwhelming.
it's become a fun ritual.
it's working like a charm
this cleaning blame is expensive yes
they've really plumped up
seriously the most convenient thing ever
it's so luxurious, it feels like the spa.
it's totally worth it
it's pricey, but a little goes along way.
is in my opinion absurd
which seems really expensive
i don't mind that there's a little make up left because i use a korean skin care routine
it's a bit pricey in my opinion
that the scent is a little odd-- neither is a deal breaker though
have to say it's my favorite
they've never been that bad
i know it's expensive so use the product sparingly
love this product but too expensive.
it's a little pricey but worth it
wasn't greasy at all
it's still nice, though.
i definitely love this product especially because it's not heavy
it's non greasy, super light and sheer.
i became a fan right away because it's gentle
it's great for that
even though it's kind of pricey it will last a long time because it's really not an everyday cleanser
i know it's expensive
it is rather pricey
it's not heavy either.
waaaaaay to pricey for what it is
it smells kind of like cheap soap when it's ironically the opposite
didn't do such a great job with my they're real mascara
it truely gets off all makeup.
it's name is perfect because it is a luxurious
it's the only skin routine item i've changed
while using it isn't luxurious
oh so soft like smooth
i didn’t know if the product was a gimmick with this “24k gold” attri
gel and doesn’t seem as tacky.
definetly better than the plain gel
however it's too pricy.
it's not messy on your pillow
the product has a gelatinous texture that i first wasn't crazy about
not only does it feel amazingly lightweight
it's slightly tacky at first
it doesn't cake up or feel tight
it's not going to be a time machine
it's not too heavy and doesn't make my face oily.
i like that it doesn't feel greasy.
it's like getting an expensive facial while you sleep
