so grateful to my friend who gifted this to me
i am very tired because i have a new born
what impressed me using this cream was the lasting hydration
i am excited to keep using it over the winter.
i love this line and i am so happy i found it!
im just so sad that the price is to high :
i could not be more excited with the immediate results
i shocked at how vibrant my skin was
i am confident with this cream not worrying it would make me break out
'm happy about that
at first i was a bit skeptical about this product because of the price
was convinced to purchase it
you won't be disappointed!
this is so amazing i felt compelled to
i must say that i am pleasantly surprised by this product
i’m going to admit that i was a little shocked to see how small the bottle is
i doubt you will be disappointed with this product
not sure how keen i am on it
excited to try more from tatcha.
already anxious to buy my fourth
bought this not expecting much
that's when i started getting interested.
somewhat disappointed with the end results
then you would be 100% happy with this product
was excited to try it out after hearing about it
i wasn't too hopeful about it
i am really happy i splurged
very happy about this product i will buy it again when i finish this bottle
was unsure if i wanted to purchase yet
am satisfied considering the price
am very happy with the results
cleared my skin so quickly i'm very impressed with this after just 2-3 uses i already see results
a week later i'm thoroughly impressed with the quality of my skin
happy with this product
when i first got this i was a bit skeptical
am thrilled with the condition of my skin
i cannot express how happy i am to have ordered this product
which i'm really happy about
only disappointed i will need to pay appropriately for what this delivers
absolutely overjoyed that i have found a product that i can stick with longterm
am so pleased with the results
very happy with the results.
very happy with this product :)
am so happy i did
i’m overall pleased with this eye cream.
i am very impressed!
so happy i finally found a great eye cream.
glad to see clinique still has staying power!
i am pleasantly surprised
therefor when i received mine i was very cautious
i feel so confident in my skin again!!
i am so surprised as to how well this works.
i am always happy with clinique purchases !
wish it tightened but i'm happy.
for now i am super happy with it
i am not disappointed
i am thrilled with the results
i promise you won't be disappointed.
so happy that it worked for me
'm surprised at some other reviews
am impressed with the non greasy feel
have always been a little disappointed
i am so glad that the salesperson in the store spoke to this about this product
i can honestly say i have never been this happy with a sephora transaction before
so far i am very pleased
i am fully satisfied
i am really happy with this product.
i am so pleased with the results
i am beyond impressed
'm not easily convinced of products
wow am i happy
i am extremely happy with this product.
i am beyond impressed with this product!
so happy i can use sparingly at night
so, i am very pleased!
so glad i did!
sad to see negative reviews--i feel like i'm coming to the rescue of a good friend who's been misrepresented :-
i admit i was skeptical that this would help me with the minimal final lines
i am throroughly impressed
while i am not thrilled with the price tag
how to use this you will be amazed
optimistic about further improvement in volume
was skeptical about the product
after first use i was impressed
so when this came out i was anxious to try it
i am always leery about creams they promise results like this
with so many others disappointing i was skeptical about this one as well
i feel more confident
i am so happy!
i am always skeptical when trying a new product
stop being so impatient!
so happy to have found it.
so pleased with this product.
amazed at all the work it does when i am sound asleep
what a happy accident it is/was
sooo glad i did!
you won't be disappointed.
then you might be disappointed.
i am grateful i accepted the 10-day challenge.
'm super happy about that
so glad i did!!
happy with it so far
i am so excited they came out with this product.
i am shocked that i can tell a difference
lucky for me there was a kate somerville rep there who saw my skin
very happy with this product
super excited will definitely be repurchase.
very happy customer here.
super impressed with this mask
i am shocked that this leaves me soft
i am always super skeptical about face washes.
it is helping clear up my acne a lot which i was surprised about
very happy with this product
i am shocked at how great this product is.
initially i was so disappointed in this product.
was amazed with the product
i am so glad i did!
i am so thankful that she recommended the product
i am more than pleased
i am so very happy.
at $38 i'm quite relieved this product works for me
i am happy with my complexion since i've been using it
was still a little skeptical
you won't be disappointed.
very happy with this wash.
very happy with my purchase.
so happy i was directed to this product!
you won't be disappointed with either one
you will be so pleasantly surprised.
my skin is so happy
frustrated that nothing was able to help
was hesitant to try this
so happy with this product!
was amazed at how well it did
very impressed since i'm not a huge fan of the mask
i am so so very pleased with this moisturizer
was astonished with how moisturized it made my face
there are not enough words to express how grateful i am for this product
she too was surprised
so happy to report this isn't the case.
i am so happy i did
wow- i am truly impressed.
i am very disappointed about this
glad i found this before winter!
was so happy i found this
was surprised to see people didn't like it
am glad i tried this one
i am very impressed
am so happy with this product
overall, quite happy with the purchase.
i got this with my points, and i'm so glad!
as i am not usually wowed by products
was excited to try due to the "brightening" mask aspect
was a little skeptical about using it
was excited to try this out
i am super impressed with this mask.
was bummed when i got home
was pretty excited to find this cleanser by murad
all my friends have commented on the change
i am always hesitant of skin products
didn't see "amazing" results as far as my pores are concerned
was very happy with the results
box and i have to say i was impressed.
you won't be disappointed!
it was very comfortable
overall i'm very happy with this mask.
my skin is happy and so am i!
was in awe of the cost
i am definitely impressed :
think how thankful i am the sales woman at sephora recommended this line
i am so surprised at how much i like it
was nervous how my skin would h
very pleased i received a sample.
was excited to try it out
i am surprised it has lasted so long.
you will not be dissatisfied.
at my age i am always skeptical about new products
my skin is so happy
you won't be disappointed!
so so so happy with this.
i am really impressed so far
i love it so much i was skeptical about the product at first
so far i've been very pleased
the smell concerned me at first
this one was not to be hesitant
was reluctant to try it
was afraid to use it
box and i was very excited to try it.
i could not be more impressed with this product
so far i am happy with all of them
so far, i'm very satisfied with my money spent.
this product convinced me to love it
so happy with it, and will continue to repurchase
otherwise i am really satisfied
didi not quite meet my expectations
was very excited when milk released a mini pair of these two products
leaving it calm and happy!
i am now obsessed with it
my skin instantly felt relieved
other than that i am happy with this mousurizer.
i am amazed at the results in a week
extremely happy customer finally!
felt kinda skeptical about it
i am very impressed by murad.
i picked this scrub up, and i'm quite impressed.
happier with continued use
you will not be disappointed with this product!!
i can't tell you how impressed i am
i'll admit, i was skeptical.
i am pleasantly surprised that this works so well
just that my experience was very successful
i am really impressed with the products tarte has been putting out lately
i am definitely impressed
at first i was a little hesitant about this
omg i was not disappointed with this one
so happy i've found this!
i am seriously pleasantly surprised by this cleanser
i've never been so happy with my skin
but i'm so glad i did!
i am very very impressed.
you will not be disappointed.
pleased with this cleanser
i don't wash it with make up on because i am still skeptical
was worried about that
i cannot tell you how pleased i am.
so glad i found this product.
i liked that product
overall very pleased with this oil.
really happy i found this!
was nervous it would be too harsh
so glad i made this purchase
after using it for two months, my skin is happy.
was never really happy
have never been more pleased
i feel so much more confident in my skin
if you're skeptical about buying this product
very impressed with how quickly this worked for me
i am so happy with the results
at first i was very skeptical.
this product makes my skin just happy!
so excited to try them all
so glad i found out about korres
feel more confident to go out without makeup!
i am so happy i did
am excited to see it work on scars.
i am so thankful i finally found something that noticeably improved my skin
and i'm glad i tried it!
i am happy with results.
i finally feel confident in wearing nothing
my skin is so happy
i am really pleased with the results
boy am i glad i got these.
i am super satisfied with the product
couldn't be more thrilled
am very happy with the result because of the clearer
must say i'm pretty impressed with all of it
i am very happy
i am so very thankful to korres.
was excited to give this eye duo a try
was so gutted that something good had to
i am so happy with it
smell surprised me at first
was skeptical about using it
i am currently very happy with my other moisturizer
wow am i impressed
so far impressed with all tarte products!
already my face is so happy
am happy to say i was not disappointed
i am so happy that i decided to just go for it with this product
was worried that this would be too
i am so happy i tried it
i am so glad i did.
they are excited to try it out
i am excited to see my results from start to finish of the container
was impressed by those also
the second thing i was really pleased about is there are directions
so glad this works!
was super excited to receive this for review.
was excited to try the cream
was more than happy with the product
am so happy with the results that i will be buy this in the future
i am very impressed
i enjoyed trying it
i am very pleased with the results i've seen in just few weeks
i am very impressed
honestly i was skeptical of this product
i will be extremely sad when the bottle runs out.
i am very pleased with the results
was a bit skeptical when i first tried rna power serum
so far am pleased
i will repurchase as i am fully impressed with the results
usually i am skeptical about products like this
i am very happy with the products.
also enjoyed looking like gaga while they were on
i am very happy with this purchase
as she explained the product i skeptical
even the employee helping me was amazed
wow i was shocked by how much smoother
was skeptical to try it
however i was happily surprised
i'll be lucky to get 3 months of use
i am so happy to have this eye cream in my life
it is the first eye cream i am really amazed with
that i was curious about
so glad i picked this up!
now i'm eager to get my h
i am impressed with the fine line reduction as well
the first time i tried it i wasn't too impressed
am excited to see what else they come up with
though i'm not enamored with the smell
overall that's what i was hoping for.
i am very impressed
nevertheless i feel like i'm seeing pretty impressive results
was sad when i ran out
i am enjoying smooth
you won't be disappointed.
was surprised by how much i love this bar
i am happy with this purchase!
am always relieved to find a product that hydrates
was excited to try it
was instantly excited to try it out
im realy happy i was able to try it
so far i am very please
i am so happy i did
now i get complimented all the time
overall i liked this product
when i swatched it i was initially disappointed.
i enjoyed this product very much when i received it through influenster
i am very thankful sephora samples
felt compelled to leave kudos
cream which i have been very happy with
i am nervous to say this is my new holy grail moisturizer
skeptical as always i tried this cream that is supposed to be amazing
this worried me at first
which i am amazed at given past experiences with other moisturizers
my skin feels so happy after applying this cream
overall, very very satisfied with this purchase.
i am so happy i found this product!
are satisfied with the swatch
haven't been happy with other face creams i've tried
my skin is so happy with this product.
i am getting so excited before applying it
i am just so sad that i am starting to run out now
otherwise i am very pleased with this product.
i am beyond satisfied
very impressed with this product.
must say that i was disappointed when i ran out
happy to find a product for him to treat his skin
you wont be disappointed!!
my skin was definitely happy.
those of you who have oily skin give this product a try i highly doubt you would be disappointed
a lot of people seem to be confused
so happy with this product.
not to the point where i would be most happy
i am quite impressed with this line of products
i am really impressed with this gel.
i am very pleased with my skin since switching to this product
all i can say is that i'm amazed with this product
so glad i did!
told the associate what i am interested in
so so glad i found this!
was sad to hear it changed
i can't believe how pleasantly surprised i was.
i am very confident that i won't be using anything different for a while
i am so excited to finally find one that works
the only thing i am sad about is that i waited so long to purchase
i am so pleased!
no pilling and very happy so far!
i am super excited to be able to buy this online at sephora
i am very happy
i am stunned and thrilled it doesn't irritate it!
it is a great find, and i am pleased with it.
after a few uses i must say that i am impressed with this product
so glad i found this!
was really surprised when i first tried it
i am incredibly pleased with this product
not very surprised with the content.
i am so glad i start every day
am very impressed with this
your skin will be so grateful.
with my first use i was impressed
the scnet just makes me feel happy
you will not be disappointed
a greek so proud of this product
i am so happy that i tried
was so excited to get to try this before it hit shelfs
was super excited to try this face wash
i am somewhat disappointed with the pump
very happy with this product
overall pretty happy with everything.
i am hesitant to use creams
it had made me feel confident going out with out makeup
so glad i did.
so i was hesitant.
i am so glad i did!
so glad i discovered this.
i am very pleased with this
so thankful that i found it.
i've never been so happy with the results!!
i am not sorry!
so i am impressed.
i am so happy with how smooth my skin is after using this
am excited to see what this product can do
that makes my skin just happy
i am pleasantly surprised!
you'll be excited with the results
i am very impressed with this.
was told i had extremely dehydrated skin
was pleasantly surprised by how soft
i am extremely pleased with the results
loving the results i was seeing i am now using it morning
am afraid to run out
now i'm excited sephora is finally carrying this product
very very pleased with this product.
was very unsure on this product
i am so glad i finally did!
i couldn't be more grateful -- i've been using it for just shy of 2 months now
have been pleasantly surprised with this product
i am very much impressed with the outcome so far
i would be very interested to see how this works in the winter
i am so glad that i did
like the results i am seeing
so this was a welcome addition to my routine
am happy to know that this bottle will last me a long time
i am so glad i did
you won't be disappointed.
at first i was skeptical putting oil on my face
i am so impressed with the result.
was very excited because i have always been skeptical of oils
i must say i was impressed from the first use.
was excited to receive a complimentary moisturizer from the br
i am very pleased with it
i am happy with this oil because i use it at bed time
was excited to try it
couldn't be more happy
i am so happy i did
i am beyond thankful to be able to try this product
very happy with it
was very surprised by it
was excited to try it
i couldn't be more excited about trying this.
i am so happy i did
worried they would make me breakout
when immediately made me happy because i hate the smell of oil
my skins reaction to it was what made me nervous
so glad i found it
when i was asked to try the product in return for a honest review from sk-ll i was beyond excited
my initial reaction is impressed.
all in all my skin is happy with this product
the only thing i was less than thrilled about was the smell was a little boring
i am over the moon excited to continue using the product
at first i was skeptical of the oil as it seemed a bit thick in the bottle
i am beyond pleased already
was a bit skeptical about applying an oil to my face
was impressed as soon as i put it on
i am so glad i did
at first i was hesitant
so far i'm happy with my purchase.
now i'm just totally impressed
i am still very shocked at how much i love this product
was very skeptical at first
i am so glad i did
i didn't expect to be to wowed because i am 35
so glad they showed this to me at sephora!
so happy i found this one!
really pleased with this product so far.
since i am very vain, i was desperate!
when i woke up this morning i was surprised to see that i didn't look as tired as i felt
was very surprised at how soft
i must say i'm impressed
go for it you won't be disappointed
i am so happy sephora is carrying more natural products now
very pleased so far!
so glad i came across this
so glad i discovered this.
i am glad a brought this!
this is the first mask i've ever used that has actually left me impressed
it was so small that i was disappointed at first
i am usually not easily impressed
makes my skin really happy
have always been skeptical about the type of moisturizer that will work for me
this has really impressed me
am terrified that i am going to drop the bottle
i am undecided if i will purchase again
am i glad i got it
am amazed that it actually does all that it claims
read the instructions, or you'll be disappointed!
i am so happy i decided to buy this.
was hesitant to try after some of the bad reviews
at first i was skeptical that this product would do everything that it claimed to do
very happy someone at sephora recommended this to me
so don't get worried
still am obsessed with this
you won't be disappointed, it's truly magic!
if you are at all skeptical
i am so greatful a sephora associate saw me looking at this at the store
so glad i found it while on vacation!!!
so happy with this product.
usually i'm easily disappointed by overhyped products
so far im very pleased
super happy with both performance and value.
i am so glad that sephora carries it now
am so pleased i took the plunge on it
honestly, i am shocked this has so little stars.
i am already impressed with the product
i am so happy they came out with this
am so glad that i did
was surprised at how much i like this serum
rosacea-prone skin very happy
am really pleasantly surprised at how great my skin looks
i am very satisfied
was surprised that it didn’t
after two weeks i was amazed
i am very happy with this product.
i am seeing a difference
be been skeptical about face products
skin feeling so happy great purchase
was excited when the pre:empt series came out
my skin seems to be very happy with it
like it's so relieved to have this product on it
i didn't break out which i'm thankful for.
i am so thrilled that i've finished my first jar of this product
happy to find this one
so far i am happy with the results
i must say i am very excited about this
some may be nervous about the price
it makes me so happy when i put it on.
was disappointed it comes in a tub
like it's supposed to have happy memories of creamsicles -- i hated creamsicles
i am so happy with this
i am sad it is in a jar
bag because i've never been disappointed by their products
was nervous to try it all over
man was i amazed
however after getting a sample in the play box i was extremely surprised
was so excited to try this moisturizer
i am unfortunately blessed with both puffiness
i am glad i tried it
so pleased with the recommendation
have been so freaking happy
in the past 6 months have not been impressed at all with the results
this product surprise me.
was very excited to try this out
was really surprised that i like this cleanser.
was excited to give it a try
was quite pleased with it
this one didn't disappointed me
'm always skeptical with matte products
i am very impressed with this product.
i am so shocked that so many people don't like this
was happy to note that it was a matte moisturizer
am really enjoying it
i am very happy with
love a very happy momma :)
i get excited when new products come out
as a night time moisturizer i am extremely happy with it
'm very happy with the results
when i first received a sample of this i was very hesitant about trying it
was amazed at how firming this is
very happy with this product
am stoked this worked out for me
very pleased with this new moisturizer-- make sure to pat it on vs rubbing it in
was skeptical due to fragrance in cream
shocked but so pleased.
was more than satisfied
was suprised to see the other negative reviews.
you won't be disappointed.
was really excited to try a new moisturizer from my sephora play box
excited to see if it helps with my redness
i will be happy about it
i am extremely pleased and hooked!
i am glad i gave this product a try.
very happy with this purchase!
when tatcha came out with this i was super excited
i am so happy with this product.
at first i was hesitant to buy this.
am excited to do that now
was pleasantly surprised by its effectiveness
surprised this is not a 5-start 'must have' product
was skeptical to try this
im pretty impressed with this.
i am sooo impressed
was skeptical to use it
was super excited try it out
other products of theirs have leaved me unimpressed
i'll admit i was skeptical
so amazingly happy with this product
was hesitant to try it
was intrigued with that fact that it was black
you will not be disappointed.
you will not be disappointed
i am so happy i chose this one
you may be pleasantly surprised
i am actually impressed
so happy with the purchase
when i received the product i was disappointed because it was extremely thick
i am really happy with this cream.
i am so happy sephora carries this now!
was so excited to see sephora is now stocking it
so glad i decided to go for it!
but i'm super impressed with this!
was apprehensive about trying this
was so relieved to finally have he perfect match
grateful to the sephora clerk who showed me this cleanser
so happy sephora is carrying this product!!
super excited to try other products from the br
'm beyond happy i can find so many neogen products at my beloved sephora
and am so happy i did.
it's seriously magic, i was stunned...
too as i have yet to be disappointed
what a find, so excited to have this.
i am completely appalled at that it did
♥♥ i was very happy.
i am truly amazed from the get-go.
i am happy with it
the price tag made me a bit hesitant.
so far i'm very happy with this purchase
i am excited to try their other products!
was skeptical as to how well it was actually cleansing my face
i am super pleasantly surprised
impressed with this product
after reading all the reviews i am so happily surprised with this lotion
was so pleasantly surprised
i've never been really happy with my skin
not thrilled with the price
my skin looked happy all day
i am so so happy i found this stuff.
i am still super impressed
i feel confident wearing it without foundation
i am surprised by the negative views
am seriously impressed with this product
i am really impressed.
so happy i tried this product out
being am 46 years young i am grateful for this product year round
i've happy with this product
i am so thrilled that i did
i am beyond happy with it
very pleased with the price as well!
was skeptical at first
overall, i am happy with it.
i must say i'm impressed
that being sad, my skin has never been happier!
i am beyond thrilled with it!
i can't be more thankful
very happy with it.
i felt ashamed for all of junior high
i feel more confident and happy than i ever have.
i am in awe at how much this product has helped me
i am confident this is helping my skin so much
was skeptical that this oil was not going to help my skin
i am already beyond impressed
overall i'm really happy with this product
i am in shock!
so happy i got it.
i finally am confident to walk out of my house wearing makeup
am happy to have smoother
am excited to see further changes in my skin
i am so pleased with this product!
felt that this deserved one
excited to try other products from this brand
every morning i am so excited to look in the mirror
this is what i am expecting
really happy with this mask!!!
even though i was very happy with the results unfortunately
the smell makes me happy
you will be very happy with the results
the results were amazing
you will not be disappointed
have been very happy with it
after trying it i'm liking it
am happy that i did.
overall, i am a happy customer!
man was i surprised
i am impressed with the product
i am usually very skeptical of product promises
i would be confident just with this product
but i really am impressed with this one.
i get disappointed when i see bad reviews!
and i had some microgroove, which made me upset.
i feel so confident
i am really happy receiving this as a gift
i am so happy i waited it out
i am completely happy with this product!
boy o boy i'm happy that it was
i wasn't fully impressed
i am often never truly impressed with a mask
so far i am seeing fantastic results
so happy i got this sample i my sephora play
was amazed at how soft my skin felt after
and i'm so glad i did!
from day one i was impressed
i wanted to wait to see how it reacted with my skin
am leery of many masks
very happy with this one!
was hesitant to try this product
i am definitely satisfied with this product.
this helps me feel more confident at school
i am dumbfounded as to how any ingredient or product can work this quickly
i could see how others would be skeptical to buy it
i myself am glad i took a chance by purchasing it
was excited to see how this one did
my skin is so happy right now.
be confident with my skin
i am so happy.
am very happy to have it back
when i used it for the first time i was so excited
i am so glad that i did
was so happy i got it for gratis again
she was excited and loves it.
am pretty impressed with this one
you will not be disappointed with flash hydroboost
so worried to break out
i am oily so am always hesitant with "hydrating' products
was a little disappointed to see how small the bottle was when i got it
excited to see how my skin looks with continued use
very pleased with this product!
always ended up disappointed
and wow was i surprised.
so glad i got this.
happy i tried it!
i am very happy
the results were amazing
was impressed by the immediate change in my skin
i am very surprised by the immediate result
so very grateful i so wanted to try it.
after watching the video how-to i was intrigued enough to give it a try
very pleased because it got a l l the blackheads from my nose
after the first use of this i must say im very impressed
was really quite shocked at the difference in my skin where i had used it as opposed to where i had not
that's how impressed i was lol
i am so glad i tried it
i am seriously impressed with this mask- it hydrates
i am pleasantly surprised
very pleased with this.
when this replaced that fabulous product i was apprehensive
so glad i did!
i tried it expecting to have a reaction.
i couldn't be more happy
really happy that i discovered this brand.
get scared trying new products
so happy it's available at sephora.
was intrigued to try something from the br
my skin looks happy after i use it
doing a little happy dance.
i finally got some and i am so happy with it!!
my skin appreciates it
i am so happy i decided to buy the product.
i am really impressed with this product
i am very happy with this moisturizer!
so glad i found this br
with no reviews i was nervous.
i am very impressed with this product
very satisfied with this product!
was skeptical because nothing for redness has never worked for me
i've tried it only to be disappointed
i am so glad that i did
excited to see how my skin does as the night progresses
stays on through work an happy hour
so glad i tried this!
i am very fair
i am so glad i did
was more than impressed with the results
was very comfortable and lasted all day.
was concerned about the color
was embarrassed by it
have tried practically every product out there only to be disappointed
thankful it just barely matches me
was happy to try this
i am pretty impressed by this little jar of cream
i felt compelled because i am
since this is the only product that i really feel confident in
i am so happy to have found this.
was amazed by the results
i am just ecstatic that this is something i can finally use
beyond impressed with this product
very impressed by this product.
if you use as directed you will be amazed
i am very happy with this purchase!
how tired i am
i am so pleased
was thrilled to see this product
was so pleased with how this works
i get excited to take my makeup off!
feel confident enough to go out
am impressed by the quality
such a great product, i am so impressed!
i am not at all disappointed
this primer has surprised me
wow, i'm surprised about the bad reviews.
very very happy with this product!!!
but overall, i'm pretty satisfied.
am amazed by the results
decided to go with this instead and happy i did!
so happy i tried this
have actually been pleasantly surprised with the results
you will not be disappointed.
even my mom was impressed
my husband used it and was also impressed.
overall i'm happy with this purchase.
overall i'm happy with the product!
again i am just ecstatic that there is an eye cream that i am able to use as i have up until now been allergic to any
other than that, i am impressed with the results.
at my age i'm happy if it brightens
hesitant to buy a cream for $50
i received a trial size and was nervous.
i am starting to feel more confident in my bare no foundation skin
i am very happy!
i am truly happy with this face cream
after the 1st time i used it i was impressed
i am so obsessed with this.
after using this i can say i am super happy with my skin
i love it and i'm happy to be a customer.
i converted and i am very happy i did.
buy this cream, you will not be disappointed!
so happy sephora now carries it cosmetics!!
really happy so far.
i am so pleased
i am going through my horrified weeks of adult acne
i am very happy about it
i am so thrilled
am pretty amazed how quickly it has reduced my redness
very impressed in such a short amount of time
if you're still not satisfied
was nervous to try it
very happy with the product
i am really impressed!!
really happy with it
i am so happy i found this product i definitely recommend
i am already seeing results
i am so grateful to the sales associate who showed me this
it left my skin very irritated
i am so glad i did!
i reallyyy wanted this work for me as i was so excited to try
overall i am very happy
i am easily tired
very happy with this!
knew i was concerned
was pleased with the results
am totally impressed with this product
i feel confident and vibrant.
also makes my skin so happy
in fact i'm eager to get through it
was shocked at how well it works
i am sorry i waited so long to buy this.
ok, i was skeptical.
my skin was looking tired
i am super excited about this lotion.
didn't feel embarrassed at all
was eager to try this out
am glad to have found it
so i was skeptical when trying this.
was pretty shocked when i put my face in the sink
was really excited to get this as a reward
i am overall very happy
i am very happy with it.
i didn't expect to be very impressed
wow, i am amazed!
when i tried this product i was pleasently surprised
very pleased with this product so far
so when this came out, i was so excited.
i am really impressed with this product
i've never been so amazed .
was unsure it could do what it promised
instead i was very pleased with how well it took my makeup off
your face will be so grateful.
i am beyond impressed with this product.
it was the product i was least excited about
was excited to try this splash mask
i couldn't be more happy with this purchase
glad to add it to my options.
not really excited about it
i wasn’t really satisfied with the results
my skin is happy
you will not be disappointed!
very pleased with how dewy
you wont be disappointed!
am so happy i did
also very impressed with the company's commitment to creating social change
i read balm to oil and was intrigued.
you won't be disappointed
find myself surprised that i'm already prepared to review this item
am totally encouraged to try more
was surprised when i started seeing such a difference
even though my lines are still there i am very pleased
i am so glad sephora is now carrying it
my skin is happy again
am happy so far after 2 weeks of use
so glad i tried this one
very pleased with the results so far
was shocked by how it helped change my skin
f i was using this by itself i would be pretty disappointed
have not been disappointed
was pleasantly surprised that it did not
i couldn't be more satisfied with it
so happy with it
was really happy to be successfully introduced to belif by a sephora employee
am i glad i checked it out
what i'm most impressed with is how much it's helped my redness
i wasn't too impressed with the cleanser
there that i was not happy with
i love both of them so i'm happy i got this set.
'm usually skeptical about oils
the recipient told me that she was impressed with the powder cleanser
the thing i'm most impressed with is
i worried about it being greasy
glad i gave this brand a try.
i am beyond impressed by this "simple" moisturizer
i am so thankful to all that spend the extra time to do this
i literally remained amazed
am happy to report that the positive reviews helped me make the good decision to purchase
am always very cautious when trying a new product
so pleased i can can buy it in the us now!
i am very impressed
excited to try out the rest of the line
was nervous about the oil
upon the first time i tried it i was so happy with it
'm really happy with it
if i felt inclined
when i tried this i was a bit skeptical
was impressed with the quality of the set
was pleasantly surprised when i actually enjoyed the product
i am really enjoying this product
i am thrilled with the results
when i first received this set i was very intrigued because i thought the idea was neat
i am being 100% honest
i just used this product and am very satisfied!
clean skin no breakouts i'm so happy
was quite impressed upon opening it to see that everything comes in a well-designed
at first i was skeptical of it's color
was pretty excited when i received
i am very impressed with it
i am very pleased!
i am always nervous with trying to new things
was immediately intrigued by the cleansing duo
a little unsure about the bar soap
i am now excited to see what else the br
i am so glad that i did
i am glad to be trying it
i am so impressed!
i am so glad i got to try to product thanks to influenster
was excited to try something new
am happy with the results
was excited to try this set
being able to sample the product i'm amazed by the difference i can see in my skin
i am very happy with the product
overall i am pretty satisfied with this product.
when receiving this product i was pretty impressed by the packaging
overall i was really happy with the oil
left just a little dissatisfied with the bar
people at work even commented!
at first i was a little skeptical to try it
you will be pleased with your results
i wasn't extremely impressed with the cleansing bar that comes with this as i felt it dried out my skin a bit
honestly i was nervous at first.
loved this product was so excited to get it in the mail
was nervous about the oil
excited to keep using it.
i am very pleased with this product.
i am sooo glad they did
i am sooo glad they did
i am also always annoyed with products that take of makeup
boy am i glad i did
at first i was skeptical- oil
i am amazed by how good this works.
couldn't be more satisfied with the results
i really am very pleased with the product
i am so glad i got to try this product.
i am so happy with how this felt on my skin.
am usually pretty hesitant about trying a new br
was really excited to try this product
my skin is happy.
the first time i tried it i was amazed to how clean
i am pretty happy with the results so far
i am happy with the results
which i was hesitant to using this at first
so glad i tried it.
was skeptical as i had never used anything from the br
very pleased with this set
so happy i got this set!
i am thankful they introduced me to this wonderful product
so glad i did!
excellent product i am fully satisfied with.
my skin seems happy
haven't been thrilled will anything i've tried up until now
im ecstatic with the results
with more use i am happy with my skin
was kind of sad i got it
was excited to try it after reading all of the reviews
i am completely baffled about why some reviewers think the smell is off putting
on the first application i was relieved
very happy with it.
i wish i could say i was impressed
overall though excited to keep using this.
it was kind of disappointing
so surprised at the comments.
boy was i ever surprised at how much i like it.
was actually surprised how well i liked this
i don't think you'll be disappointed.
i liked this product
if you are hesitant like i was
very pleased with this
the person helping me said it would have long term benefits as well which i'm excited about
i am happy as heck about that
was excited since i haven't used a lot of eye creams
was very excited to try it- i love lancome
very pleased with the results!
couldn't be more excited
am so happy that i did
am so happy that i did
was worried that i wouldn't like it since i am super picky with eye products
was excited for this
my skin was happy.
i am not disappointed
wow- this really surprised me.
i am so glad that i did
so happy this product came about!
happy to have found this.
am very happy with the results
i am more than happy to see my fresh face overnight
i am so glad i decided to try this line
my skin was happy for the next 24 hours
was very impressed at how well it worked
was skeptical because of the fragrance
am really happy with how it is working
i don't think you'll be disappointed
was not expecting to have good results with it
haven't been too impressed
was super excited to have it for my travel bag
i am so glad i did
so far i am fairly impressed with it.
that makes me happy to use it
so this micellar water intrigued me
was extremely surprised with how well it worked
i am super pleased with my purchase
wasn't very impressed with them
i am ashamed too
i am so glad i did
i am not disappointed
i got impressed when i removed it i notice my skin even
coming up disappointed in those i was ready for this to continue that trend
im so happy i had a deluxe sample of this to rescue
tried this after a recommendation i'm so glad i did
was excited at the prospect of a 10 minute fix
when i saw this mask i was so excited!
couldn't be anymore impressed
korres has always impressed me
so happy i tried this!
you won't be disappointed.
box and was so excited.
was super excited to try this
i am so obsessed with this!!
skin overall looks happy
am delighted the price point is under $60
this never broke me out which made me so happy
i am glad it is now in stock
i will be sad to see it go
super skeptical at first
i got this in my sephora play and wow i'm amazed.
was very excited to see this in my april play box
i think you'll be very pleased
you won't be disappointed
i am very fair
pleasantly surprised how my skin looks after applying
very excited about the formula still
overall i'm really happy with this
i am so happy i found this product!
for this reason i was skeptical of this product at first
i am amazed at the results
wasted so much money only to be disappointed with false promises
however i was surprised at the way it instantly works
i feel so confident after i've applied this product
but this product really impressed me.
i liked this product.
i am amazed with the results
am delighted it does not cost a million bucks
was thrilled to try this product
well, color me impressed!
that made me really happy honestly
i am excited to see my skin during the summer
was worried this would mess with my skin
being disappointed by the majority of them
i told myself i'd return it asap if i was totally underwhelmed like i'd been before
i am so glad i tried it
was super happy with them
using it fairly regularly i'm impressed with my results
i am glad i tried this.
was hesitant to buy this product
if you are skeptical about this product
i am very happy that i decided to drop the money on this product
i am ashamed of this
i am so impressed.
not irritated at all
i am so amazed with this product.
i can honestly say that i am fully impressed with the texture after just one use
was shocked at how wonderful my skin looked
for someone who has dry/combination skin- i am super pleased with the results
the first time i used this product i was totally disappointed
i still wasn't wowed
i am totally impressed
was amazed at how soft my skin felt
i got so excited when this new drunk elephant product came out
so thankful for these wonderful products!
overall i am happy with the product
have not been disappointed
wow am i grateful for this product
i woke up shocked at the insanely smooth
i am very sad to see the price tag though.
was initially skeptical because i didn't want to get a bad reaction
for that i'm so so very grateful
i am so thankful sephora suggested this to me because i have always been on the fence with moisturizers
it makes me feel so confident and beautiful.
am very pleased with this product
so happy to finally have found a moisturizer that works for my combination skin
buy this i promise you you won't be disappointed.
you won't be disappointed.
i am so glad that i did
i am literally so impressed.
so, like many, i was excited to try this.
for those who are skeptical
feel confident this product will continue maintaining my good skin in conjunction with my other holy grails
so happy i have found this!
i am pleased by how smooth my skin looks after each application
i am happy i did
so far, i'm happy with the result.
my skin feels happy
i am pleasantly surprised with the performance of this product
i will admit i was definitely skeptical because of the poor reviews
was worried about the scent
notice the thick consistency i was so skeptical
so when i got this as a sample i was wary to give it a try
hopeful it would work with my retina
was excited to try this out
my skin is happy!
for now i'm happy with the results it's providing
i wasn't too excited about yet another wash.
was pleasantly surprised at how effective it was without stinging my eyes
i am very impressed with it
a happy spending accident in my opinion!
have been very happy with all of the products so far
i am very impressed
very pleased with this stuff.
i am so happy sephora carries skin laundry now!
i am very happy with this product
are shocked when i tell them i'm actually 46
thankful forever for the gift as it has made such a difference
i felt confident going out
i am happy sephora is carrying this line
so glad i found this!
was least excited about trying this
was surprised to get it as it is very expensive
so happy sephora carries the line now!!
excited that sephora carries this now!!
i am so excited to see sephora carrying this product
i am so excited sephora carries it now
so happy sephora is starting to stock this br
i am so excited that sephora finally carries some of their products
which immediately made me worried
you won't be disappointed.
i am so happy that sephora is finally carrying la mer
am not expecting miracles from an eye product
i am rarely this impressed with a product
i am always happy with the results
am finally seeing results
was pleasantly surprised with my results
was interested to see how this product would fair with my skin
was confused at first
overall have been very impressed
was pretty skeptical when it arrived
left me very patchy looking
so happy i found this before the summer heat comes around
i am so happy with this eye treatment.
am very happy with the outcome
upon learning it was a serum i was pleased to integrate this into my skin care routine
i am so happy this product was sent to me
quite pleased with it
boy am i glad i tried this
the price compared to the amount of product is sad
am thrilled that i did
am very happy i received it because it is now a new favourite
excited to have been introduced to this product
i am happy with the results!
i am very pleased with this product
i am excited to try more in this line.
i am so happy i found a moisturizer that works with my skin
i am happy to say i found it
i am overall very happy.
overall i’m very happy with this product
people have commented about how refreshed i look
so excited to finally get points for it through sephora
could finally feel confident again
i am actually shocked by how soft it leaves my skin
i am so happy it's finally at sephora!
it relieved the itchy feeling my skin would have
was happy to give this a shot
i am so glad i did
i am so happy i splurged on this because it feels very nice on my face/neck
i am so glad that i did!
so happy i found this product!!
boy was i impressed in as little as 2 days i saw fine diminish
this ones claims intrigued me
so thankful i found it.
have been very happy with how well it hydrates the skin around my eyes
i am shocked to say that this eye cream is amazing
was delighted to be chosen to test this product for free
i am happy be a customer
you will not be disappointed!
when applied i was confident that it wouldn't cause me any harm
i am very pleased with my results
i am very happy with my results
i ammo impressed with this cream for sure
am i glad it was
was worried about how it would react
couldn't be more excited by the results
have been pleased a punch with the results
i am glad that i have tried this product
i am seriously in looovvvveee
this is an exception because i'm really happy
;) i'm a very, very happy customer!
i am so happy i found this cleanser
so happy i picked this up!
have always been slightly disappointed
i feel confident going out without makeup on
you won't be disappointed.
i am truly surprised on how well this works.
i am hoping for continued results.
was so excited to try
i am happy i gave it a shot
i am generally left fairly disappointed when trying new skin care products
if you’re worried about the price
this entire line impressed me.
so thankful to have tried this product complementary
was very pleasantly surprised by how this made my skin feel
you just do not know how impressed i am.
it has not irritated it at all
i am so happy i did
when i first bought this product i was extremely skeptical
i feel confident going out without makeup on
you won't be disappointed.
still keeps my combination skin happy
this has not irritated it at all
i am generally left fairly disappointed when trying new skin care products
all three impressed me
so don’t be intimidated by the price
i am willing to deal with it
i must say i was hesitant to get this because of the reviews stating they experienced stinging
so glad i found this
very pleased with it so far
am concerned with spf coverage
i am happy with the sheer coverage this time of year
well, i'm glad i did.
i am very fair
glad i found this for summer!
am totally pleased with coverage
try it you won't be disappointed so glad i did.
i am so happy i did
i am beyond ecstatic that sephora is now carrying la mer
wasn't excited about it
this part is disappointing
i am always worried about trying new products as i am afraid of breakouts
it has really amazed me how long this sample has lasted
being sensitive to smells myself i was apprehensive
but i'm so happy i did!!
i am so happy that sephora has it now
i am even more excited that it can be bought at sephora
at first i was skeptical
i am actually impressed!
needless to say i am very happy with this "on a whim" purchase i made
i am not sorry
i am so impressed.
this has shocked me
it seems like a majority of people who were unhappy with this product are unaware that it is a makeup primer with the added benefits of moisturizing
am so happy i did
n general i'm very pleased with this
after seeing this all over instagram i was curious to try it
in the end i'm glad i did
i am so glad that i did
was happy to find one that fit the bill
you won't be disappointed.
i can't get over how impressed i am with it removing my makeup
really impressed with this brand.
if you're concerned with price
was surprised that it wasn't greasy
was pleasantly surprised by the nice smell
i am delighted that i did as it is now my favorite makeup remover of all time
i also am impressed with the little spatula that is included
excited to try a new natural
was so disappointed as it didn't take off any of my eye makeup at all
a , farmacy, you have made my skin so happy!
i am already obsessed with it
was nervous by the fragrance
i must say this is the first eye cream i've been satisfied with
i am surprised how much i enjoy this
was happy to finally find one from a br
i am happy with this purchase
was excited to find this product
i am so happy i did
was honestly shocked when i saw the negative reviews
i am amazed by this product.
i am so happy i picked this serum.
you won't be disappointed!
not super huge to where i am annoyed
i am highly impressed with this 3 minute mask
it has not irritated my face
i am very surprised.
all in all i am very happy with this product
was so excited since i love luxury br
once again dior has amazed me!
excited to see the continued improvements
this looked very promising
i am happy with the feel after using it
very happy with this product
this product really amazed me.
was surprised at how hydrated
my skin is confused
however i'm glad i did
i am so pleased with this
after being disappointed by so many "oil free moisturizers" with spf
was happy to see one with an spf
was very excited to try this
i am lucky that i finally got this
just sight this novelty of the same line has me intrigued
was unsure about it at first.
im just a little unsure of the results
i used this this morning and i am very pleased!
when i took it off i was amazed at how hydrated
i am so glad i did.
was so surprised how much i enjoyed it
which i was skeptical of
i am very pleased at the results i had from this hydration rubber mask
i really was awestruck.
i am satisfied with the result.
makes my skin so happy
'm obviously very happy about that
once i got excited
am very happy with it
i am very happy
although the price tag is what frightened me
was not impressed with it
i am happy that i did
so happy i did
so glad i got it
got geeked about it
am excited to put it to the test as well
i am absolutely ecstatic
wow was i surprised
i feel confident this product helps
was very hesitant to try this product
i am astonished by how great this product was for my skin because i get irritated fairly easily
sometime the masks can leave me underwhelmed
now let me just start by saying that i was a little skeptical about trying this product
i've never been more impressed
i am pleasantly surprised.
i am very very very happy with this purchase
you won't be disappointed.
very happy with this oil!
you wont be disappointed !
was happy to see that it reacted well with my skin
was hesitant to use it
i am pleased with the results thus far
wasn't surprised one bit to see this on sephora as a 5 star rated item
was so excited someone pointed out another face oil
was nervous about this
it confident in a cream
excited to try this cleanser
so far i am impressed
so stoked to see my continued results.
i am really pleased that i have more of a lifted look
you won't be disappointed
finally i'm happy with one
i am impressed with my results so far
so happy i splurged on this!
overall i'm just thrilled to have a "clean" cleanser from de
am so happy that de came out with an alternative to their bars
was excited for this face wash
they have not disappointed me yet
woah surprised by the reviews
am excited to have found a cleanser that works for me
disappointed it only lasted me 2 weeks
i gave this a try and glad i did!
honestly wasnt expecting much after being disappointed so many times with other milk products
i am definitely happy with this product this far
as soon as i washed it off i was completely amazed by the results
once i tried it i was amazed
was totally interested when she mentioned this product
will be happy to continuously use this product
was pleasantly surprised by it
i am ecstatic to have finally found something that works
jersey city, njvery happy with this purchase ;)
very happy with this purchase.
was beyond excited to order this
can't explain how happy i am with this product.
so glad i learned about this cleanser from tati!
it really surprised me
i expected to be at least somewhat disappointed
so excited for this purchase.
was intrigued by the idea of a gel ball cleanser
it really surprised me
i am so happy i took a risk and got it!
my skin was happy
i am excited to travel with this since it will be great as a carryon item
you will not be disappointed
when i saw this i was so excited
so stoked to see it here now!
so far i'm impressed with this stuff!
that one surprised me
was a bit nervous it was all hype
said that we "anticipated a major breakout in the am" we we're both pleasantly surprised when we woke up to nice/soft skin
was pretty excited to try it
not as strong as i was hoping for
i am so happy splurged and bought this.
been very impressed by this product
the ingredients intrigued me.
was really impressed when i woke up in the morning
but, i was not disappointed!
am lucky enough to try many
very excited about the purging because it means it works
i get excited to use this every day.
i am really impressed with the results thus far
im amazed that i can already see a difference
i am so impressed.
so happy with this!
although i am highly disappointed in sephora for removing the 4oz bottle
you will not be disappointed.
was thrilled when i read the ingredient list
am so glad i got it
so happy i did - i love it.
super pleased & pleasantly surprised.
so far i am very impressed.
are surprised once they find out that i really am the age that i am
i am very happy with the purchase
when i first got this i was a bit apprehensive as my past experience with a philosophy product left much to be desired
i am so glad to have found it
happy with the results so far honestly haven't been using it to regularly
very happy with it.
am happy to have it back again
was skeptical at first
so glad sephora finally started stocking this amazing
yet im really impressed with laneige
very happy with this purchase
wow was i shocked
well, i'm so glad i did!
was pleasantly surprised by the amount of product given
i am lucky to have smooth
so happy sephora carries laneige now
when i saw the price, i was skeptical.
i so glad i did!!!!
i am very happy with results my lips do look fuller
i am not disappointed one bit
you won't be disappointed
after being curious about it from seeing it on sites like sokoglam
felt confident all day
felt like i'd just be disappointed if this wasn't a miracle
i am so glad i gave it a try
so happy sephora is carrying laneige now!
i am so happy i found this lip savior!
i don't think you will be disappointed
i can be so confident to apply matte lipstick:
was excited to give this lip treatment a try
so happy i found this!
so so so so thankful for this stuff!!!
haven't been really happy with anything
am so glad i discovered this
glad to see sephora has added this to their store
very happy with my results.
you will not be disappointed, check it out!
thrilled sephora now carries this.
overall, i'm very happy with this moisturizer!
very happy to have the opportunity to test out this product from the new br
i am so happy that i was introduced to the laneige moisturizer cream
i am so glad i did
really happy @influenster send this to me complimentary for testing purposes
while i'm super happy w/ the way this product works
looking beyond that to the quality of the product i was happy with it
i am pretty satisfied
which only made me more excited to try the product itself
i am extremely impressed with this product.
am very hesitant to trying new face products
was excited to test it out
was excited to try this cream out
was super excited that this one worked for me
was instantly excited to try it
i am so glad i have received this product.
this one truly impressed me
was very excited when i received this
i am really impressed with the results
i couldn't be happy
so at first i was a little bit skeptical
i am definitely curious to try more of them
and i'm so glad i did!
i am very happy with this product.
you will not be disappointed
this has not irritated it at all
so happy sephora is carrying this line
so thankful for this product.
i am beyond pleased with the results
this product really wowed me
after using this mask for 2 times within a week i was very happy to see that my skin looks brighter
the entire tatcha product line has never disappointed me
was excited to try it
my skin just feels happy
am so excited tacha finally came out with one
you will not be disappointed.
but i will say so far i'm very happy with it.
i am so glad i did
try it for yourself, you wont be disappointed!
was so happy to feel my skin afterwards
150% happy with my purchase
was excited to try this for summer
am so glad i did
was excited to try this
regardless i'm happy with the change
makes me feel pretty confident in this product.
all i am very satisfied with the look
kept my sensitive skin happy
i am very happy with the product!
i felt so confident leaving the house without make up
was pleased with how smooth
after my first use i was very intrigued by how well my skin just soaked it right in
so i was hesitant.
i feel confident that i would benefit more from this product
now i was impressed.
as of day 7 i will say that i am impressed enough to purchase a full size bottle for continued use
am excited to see how this product works
i am curious to see how my skin would look after a month of this
but, i was actually very pleased i did!
i am so happy i was able to try a 7 day supply of the clarins doboe serum for free complimentary of influenster
very thankful for having the opportunity to review this product for free
i am pretty impressed after the very first trial
didn't get super impressed
i am so glad i did
i am already impressed after two days of use
i am very pleased with how quickly this serum absorbs into my skin
now in the beginning i wasn't excited to try this at all
i cant believe it worked but im so happy it did.
my dry skin seems to be very happy with it
'm always impressed when a new product really makes a difference
i am a bit shocked every time i feel it cause honestly
the first time i put it on, i was skeptical.
that being said i have to say i was slightly disappointed with this product
i am amazed and relieved after finding this.
i am extremely happy with this product as it is far superior to anything i've used previously
i promise you won't be disappointed with this one
was a bit skeptical about this product
after using it i am glad i did
i am obsessed with the results
am now so happy this is available here
i am amazed how fresh
i am so happy that volition is now at sephora!
i am so happy that sephora carries volition now.
i am immensely happy that oceane gel is now available at sephora
i am so impressed with this product.
so my skin is very happy to say the least!
i am so glad i found this line!
so happy sephora is now carrying their products
was struggling to find one that i liked
already see fine lines under my eyes disappearing -- so thrilled i decided to purchase this product
am impressed thus far
am definitely loyal to this brand.
so excited sephora carries this now.
i am so happy the first one i consistently tried was this one from violition
am always pleased with it
i am so excited to see volition beauty at sephora
so happy to have found a reliable eye gel.
i always wake up happy with the results
very happy with purchase and will purchase again.
am so happy i found a good
so excited kiehl's has finally joined the sephora family
i am happy to see it is now at sephora!
so happy that sephora is now carrying kiehl's!
so happy sephora finally carries this brand
am so happy sephora now carries it
i am sooo happy i can pick this up at my local sephora
generally just makes my skin happy
so happy sephora is carrying kiehls now!
excited to keep using this one.
excited that it's finally at sephora
i am beyond ecstatic that sephora is carrying this
am very happy with its effects
i am so happy i can now buy this cream at sephora
i feel confident going without foundation recently because of this product
so excited i can get kiehls at sephora now
so happy sephora is now carrying kiehls!
so happy to have kiehls at sephora!
once i did try it, i was pleasantly surprised.
i am soooooo happy i did
i am extremely happy with this product
so happy it's back)
i am so impressed!!!!!
i am so glad i got this
very impressed with the texture of my skin even after using for only a week
i am so glad i did.
you'll be pleased with the results of using this product
really pleased with the results.
very happy with the results
am so happy that i did
i can definitely say that i am happy with this product
i feel much more confident going without foundation after using this product
was very happy with the results
the consistency surprised me.
one thing i was not impressed with was the packaging
happy to find something that works for me!
i sure am glad i got it now
i am very satisfied
it makes my skin happy
i am so happy with this product!
i am happy for that
i couldn't be more happy!
just pick it up you will not be disappointed
i tried this on a whim and i am so happy i did!
my mom was very surprised by how well it worked
this is very frustrating.
i am not disappointed!
so happy i received it as a free gift w/points many months back
i think i finally found a moisturizer that keeps it happy
obviously, that worried me!
pretty happy with this product!
it has never disappointed or let me down
i personally am not too worried about that
keep my thirsty skin happy
i am amazed at how hydrating it is
so happy to have found this!
i am very impressed with it so far
the improvements have made me really confident
at first i was a bit skeptical
was really unhappy because it left my skin super oily
most people were very pleased with results
box and i'm so glad i did.
was a little skeptical at first because it didn't go on
highly recommend this product you won't be disappointed
you won't be disappointed
i am so happy that i am finally able to wear dewy products without looking like a total grease ball
it makes my skin happy.
i def recommend, you will not be disappointed!
however, i am not keen on the smell.
the only thing i'm disappointed about is that it is soooo expensive :
i am so very pleased.
you will not be disappointed!
people are totally surprised when i tell them i am a 53 year old gr
took the scar way very impressed
i am very happy i did.
i am so happy with it
i am thrilled with it
the price scared me
at first glance i was hesitant because of the texture
before buying this cream i was very skeptical about it
so glad i did.
am rarely disappointed in their products
was pleasantly surprised when the first morning
feel confident that is has the ability to soak into my skin all night
was shocked how well this worked with my difficult skin type
'm pretty thrilled by it
i can say i wasn't disappointed
i am extremely happy with the results
i am happy with it so far
i am so glad i did
i am happy with my results
proud to say skin looks much younger than i am
less hesitant about wearing makeup
not fortunate enough that i don't have to deal with horrible acne
i feel more confident and prettier.
i am very happy with this product
well...it totally impressed me.
i am relieved to have found this one
i am so glad that i found this product
i am so grateful for this product!
fully convinced it works from my results
i am so glad i discovered it
so happy that i finally found an eye cream
i am very pleased with this purchase
woah i am impressed
i should consider myself lucky
i've never been so happy to use a product before.
i am thankful for it
so glad i found this
the first time i used this i was horrified
was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to remove as well
i am so happy with it
could not be more thrilled with my results
however i was disappointed that there is a fragrance
i am so happy i got this since this as helped keep my skin clean
excited since i have always wanted to try this line
couldn't be more pleased
am so happy i did
no really i was more than grateful to receive this as a gift
am extremely excited to not have to sample this guy out for a while
it is very positive
'm comfortable with reviewing it so early
this is fantastic for my confused
am so glad i tried the caudalie line
am so happy i decided to buy it
am very happy with this one
it made my skin happy
sorry sephora, trying to be honest here....
i love this stuff and am so grateful i tried it.
still pleased with this product overall.
i still have never been so happy with a cleanser in my life
i am really glad that i did
felt compelled on this one
i am amazed on how well this product is
at first i was unsure
very happy with result
can feel confident leaving it on throughout the day
'm generally not hopeful when it comes to products like these
bought this on a whim, and i'm very happy i did.
was pleased with the texture
definitely hasn't disappointed me in any way
try it, i am glad i did!
because i was intrigued by its lack of silicone
i am so glad i picked these products up
am getting positive results
so happy the girl at sephora recommended this to me
i am so happy i found this
as far as i'm concerned
not super thrilled about the price
very impressed so far.
was so excited to see this deal
happy shopping, don't take it so seriously!
was skeptical at first
i am so blessed to have found this!!
it smells amazing and leaves my skin so happy.
extremely happy with this product.
i am so happy because a couple weeks ago i broke out terribly
wasn't thrilled to get this in my play box
was excited to try this
i am so thrilled to have been wrong about that
i don't know why i'm not more excited about this product
i am pretty happy that i switched to this one.
you won't be disappointed!
you will not be dissapointed.
i am so glad i talked to the lady there
my skin is much healther, so i am happy!
am really enjoying the murad line
i am satisfied with this product so far
am glad i went with this one
for the first time in years i feel confident going out without makeup
very surprised to have problems w/ something like that
so glad he did
i do believe i am seeing results
had yet to find a product that sufficiently satisfied me
am pleased with the results
rarely am i impressed with a product so soon after using it
i liked this product before
i am so very pleased with this product
a little horrified by the price
if this continues, i will be thrilled.
i am so happy with this product.
it is so frustrating.
i am very happy with how much better my skin looks
felt hopeful this might help
i am hopeful this product 'helps', not cures.
it hasn't disappointed me yet.
i am extremely happy with this product.
so far i am happy with the product
i am optimistic for continued effectiveness
at first i was skeptical.
it wound up getting it and am thrilled.
am very surprised that the areas under
im really impressed with the quick results from this product
so happy sephora stocks it!!
not too impressed with the dark circles
very happy with this purchase!
every time i try something new in my play box or a sample i'm never as impressed as i am with this product
i am super happy with this product.
be surprised at the results
i am amazed at how fast this product works
i am quite pleased with it
and i'm so glad i did.
was eager to give this a try
i am so glad i did
i am so glad i have found a natural
i am so happy that i did
i am so glad that i did.
overall i would have to say i am really impressed with this product
i am truly impressed with this product!
so glad i found it!
have been very happy with it
are apprehensive about this product due to the price: splurge
am very sad that i will not be purchasing again
this one makes me happy
im so happy i did!
i feel way more confident about my pores
was already pleased after its first use
please try it... you won't be disappointed!
am annoyed because i now have to purchase it
i am very happy with my purchase.
curious to see what happens in the summer.
skeptical when i first heard about this
as i used it was impressed by it
im so glad i got this!
i wasn't super impressed
'm always hesitant to try out a new br
so happy with this purchase
im so happy with my decision
guess what i was shocked
delighted by the results
i can finally be very confident without makeup :
am in love with both
i makes me feel so much more confident.
i am so happy with my purchase.
when i received it in my birthday kit i was more than ecstatic
am happy just with how much it has improved
and cats which is sad since i have 8.)
soooooooo happy i did
i am so happy i finally did!
i got this as a sample and am totally impressed!
so frustrated until i started to research different cleansers
i am so glad i did
convinced my self to try it on
i am more than excited to see results in 2 weeks!
was interested in a cleanser
i am very happy with my purchase.
was immediately surprised by how smooth
i am so glad i did.
i am really glad that the sales associate at sephora recommended it to me
am excited that it doesn't bother my sensitive skin
(i was surprised that it wasn't scent-free!)
well i'm happy to report that this works!
all in all i'm satisfied
and i was so happy to be right.
was completely shocked that it actually worked
i am really impressed with the results: my eye area is is much smoother
u will be impressed
none have impressed me like this expensive eye cream
i am hoping to continue to see improvement.
none i can say i was really impressed by
im so happy i did
however today i was bored
i keep looking at myself in the mirror because i am so amazed
very happy with product!
very happy with this eye cream
relieved i can stop looking.
happy with the purchase
im happy with anything...worth a try
unfortunately i was not impressed.
i get annoyed at wasted product
she was quite surprised when i told her my age
asked me if i was "tired"
this hasn't upset it one bit
am so happy i did
my face is so happy i found this product!
i am glad that i made the purchase.
i feel so lucky to have found this!
am soooo pleased with it
am impressed with the results
i've finally tried it, and am quite pleased.
at first i was confused by how to apply it
i am happy to say it did not
am already seeing results
am very happy with it
i am very pleased with this product.
i am pretty picky
he is so excited about school next month
i am soo thankful for this it has been amazing.
am still satisfied with the results
i am very happy with it
am very impressed with the results
every morning i am excited to see how much better my face looks
i am 100% satisfied with this product
i am excited to see the results when i am done with the whole jar
try a sample - i know you won't be disappointed.
overall happy with the product
you won't be disappointed!
i am extremely concerned about the huge pores on my face
im disappointed that we're getting less product due to this new packaging
feeling heal very happy with this purchase
i am so happy i found this!
i am so grateful the sephora staff introduced me to this product
i am so happy to have this product
i would have been annoyed
besides getting horrified looks from strangers
extremely happy with this product
trust me you won't be disappointed.
was very surprised when it helped
happy i just happened to come across a sample of this
i am so very grateful to come across this.
also, i'm very pleased with the price.
am very happy i did
so you can imagine my happy surprise
so happy with this creme.
'm still happy with this product
'm hesitant to purchase it for myself
he's apparently very happy with this lotion
he is very pleased with this body lotion.
overall i am happy with this night cream
am very satisfied with the other products as well
i am surprised that this moisturizer got so many mixed reviews
so far i have been beyond pleased with the results of this product
was happy it had a high spf
i am very happy with this product.
am always nervous about trying a new moisturizer
to my surprise i loved it
so glad she did.
am still very happy with it
am very happy with it
this product has surprised me immensely!
i am pleased with the results
i am angry with myself for not finding a product like this sooner
this cleanser has not disappointed
was not anticipating my skin to be so bright
but i was very impressed with this.
i am well over 60
i am very pleased with it as a moisturizer
was skeptical about using it on my skin
i am so pleased with this product
am still cautious about suing moisturizers
which worried me when i tried it in the store
happy to report that i have had none.
i am so glad he did
i am completely floored by how quick my skin felt tight
am so happy i can use this cream
have been happy with the results
i remember how pleased i was with it
have been very pleased
i continue to be pleased with the results
was happy with it
when i found this one i was very eager to try
i am still happy with the product because it provides a nice
am happy with the results
this is the first that has really impressed me
glad i made this purchase
you will be amazed
so far i am really enjoying this product
no irritation at all, just happy, soothed skin.
was a bit concerned about trying a sample of the murad resurgence
you might be disappointed
now i am thrilled with how well it is working
disappointed that the lack of hormone disrupters is not across the board
i am pleased with it
either way i am so happy
very impressed with it
whenever i have very angry skin from a breakout
i am really amazed by this mask.
was just as happy
my skin felt irritated
i am very impressed with this mask.
so happy i did
i am amazed already
so far i'm really pleased with this product
i get confused with what seems like 80
i am pleased with this eye cream.
am still pretty happy with it
i am happy with my purchase
i am very pleased with this eye cream
my skin has never looked so bright and happy!
i am so glad i was introduced to this line
i'll admit it: i was hesitant to try this eye cream
am very pleased to say its exceeded all my expectations
happy with the results
i always get shocked people saying they thought i was 24
you won't be disappointed!!
i really was impressed with this product.
unhappy most of the time
t was very frustrating
over againn i am really satisfied with this product
i am so happy i got it
simple to use and even my husband is pleased.
it last very long and im glad i got it.
i am so glad i did!
i am so happy with the decision to come back.
so glad i got this!
he is very pleased with it
relieved how quickly this product has worked
i am pleased with this purchase
i am very happy with this product!
i am not disappointed
was excited to find this one
i am overjoyed to have found this product
i must say im very pleased on how it makes my eyes feel
i sure am happy to see my eyelids again
we have been amazed at the results he's gotten with this product
i am disappointed in that i can not feel it lifting or firming
it certainly reduced it enough that i am feeling more confident
i am very happy with it.
happy hubby, happy wife!
have been extremely disappointed
was hesitant to try it
very glad i did.
100% recommend you wont be disappointed!
i am pleased with the feel of this cream
i am so happy with the results!
well i am one of those lucky people with
so glad i did!
i am very glad i did
not impressed by this product when i was under 25
i am really happy with it
have been very satisfied
but boy was i surprised!
he was really excited
he was apprehensive at first
plesantly surprised after trying it
not greasy so he was very pleased with it
he was very hesitant to use anything on his face
i am not ashamed to say it
this stuff is a happy medium
very happy and impressed with this product.
if you are skeptical, you need it!
im glad i came to this product.
not disappointed i did!
just wasn't satisfied with the way they made my skin look
i am pleasantly surprised
really happy that i found this again
i am amazed at this lightweight
my skin looks amazing quite happy with this
so thrilled to finally have found a good moisturizer for oily skin
i am so glad i switched to this.
i am amazed by how much this product has improved the texture of my skin
when i saw they had a gel i was delighted
am thrilled with the results
wasn't amazed by it
at first i was skeptical that it would do anything
was a little skeptical at first however
so was a bit apprehensive that this mask would make it more so
hesitant because of the price
i've found my holy grail and i'm so happy.
very happy with my purchase!!
i am very happy with my purchase
really impressed with this product!
very happy i made this purchase!
its minimized fine lines and he's very pleased.
he has tried it and i believe he is very pleased!
i am very happy with this product.
you won't be disappointed
i am as excited about removing my makeup as i am about putting it on every morning
i've truthfully never been as impressed with a product as much as this one
that is how strongly confident i am about this product
am very happy with it
have always been happy with them
was not at all surprised when this eye cream helped me look refreshed in the morning
i didn't think i was going to be impressed
even though i am very happy with their eye products i decided to try murad for a
i am very happy with the results i have seen so far
happy that sephora introduced me to this brand!
if you can afford it you won't be disappointed
at first i was apprehensive to use it
skin feels happy when you use this.
i am very impressed by how long it lasts
which surprised me considering it is a foaming one
i couldn't be more pleased.
extremely frustrated with your skin
am really happy with it
i am not expecting much out of a cleanser
very happy with this
actually made me feel confident about my skin
i am liking it
sorry my review is so long
i am so glad i did
the sephora rep asked how i liked it
it was almost surprising how well it worked!
this makes me feel confident
you will not be disappointed
couldn't be more thrilled with the results
i am so happy my blemishes are gone.
i got to say i am not disappointed
i am so pleased with this stuff its worth every penny
i am thrilled so far
i could not have been more pleasantly surprised
so impressed with this stuff!
i actually was hesitant on buying this product.
sad that it expires so quickly
i very much disagree
you won't be disappointed.
was amazed how my skin looked in the morning
very happy with the fast results
really happy with the results so far.
i am shocked at how fast i am seeing results
i am giving this product 5 stars because i am confident that it will work
very happy with the purchase.
have not been happy with the results- decided to try this line
i am so happy i did
i am very pleased with the results
was kind of concerned about using this product
i am very pleased with the results
i am in awe i haven't run out yet
i am very happy that i won't need to pay money for a tiny tube for eye cream
i *love* this serum, and i'm so impressed.
i am very satisfied with this cream.
i am very pleased with this product overall.
after one try of this, i am amazed.
my skin was not happy at all
the effects for my skin make me very happy with the purchase
you'll be very satisfied
been disappointed with soo many daytime moisturizers that this is truly a blessing
this made my skin so happy
i am simply amazed with the difference in my skin
i’m so glad i found it
was shocked how good my skin looked
i am a little disappointed that the spf is only 15 when doctors recommend 25 to 30 for daytime
makes my old 53yo skin very happy
ncredibly impressed with this product
i am very happy to report that i love waking up in the morning to smooth
try this you will not be disappointed.
you will not be dissappointed
not at all irritated
i am glad that i finally did
i am happy with it
i"m happy the product
'm always hesitant about new moisturizers
i am so happy with it
was curious as to how it would improve some of the fine lines i'm seeing
can say i'm very pleased so far with the purchase
while i'm waiting to see the long-term benefits i can honestly say that the morning after my skin is happy
am extremely happy with the results
i am extremely pleased with the results so far
after the first application i was just amazed at how soft
greasy as i was expecting
im really happy i did.
i am already excited
will not be disappointed
you'll be happy with this
i am very happy with this cream
i am really fond of this product
i am a very satisfied customer
i am not impressed with shiseido's makeup line
therefore im very pleased with it
so, i ordered it and my eyes are happy again.
boy was i impressed.
i am eager to see the results with continued use
so glad i did!
so far i'm amazed, definitely a repurchase.
very pleased with this product!
am very happy with the results
very satisfied with my purchase
i enjoyed these quite a bit
overall i'm very glad i have this in my life.
i might buy it because i was extremely satisfied with the texture
i never feel disappointed
however i am irritated by the bottle
that my mother is very fond of
i am so happy i did
i am very pleased with this product
i am glad that i found it
i am a less oily happy camper
no breakouts as i was concerned about!
boy, am i glad i did!
glad i went forward with trying this.
i only had to use the cream once to be pleased with the results
excited to get at least the 1
another product recommended by a sales associate at sephora's that i am very pleased with
'm happy to be the guinea pig
i am not thrilled with scent
i am so happy that i tried it
i am a happy lady!
but with this product, my skin is happy!
over all im pleased with my one-stop shop sephora
i am seeing results
i am very impressed
am very pleased with the results
the price had me very scared
im happy with this one
sorry if this is tmi
really my skin become noticeable i m so happy
was really impressed with the brightening effects it gives after using it
clear now that i feel confident to go out wearing zero foundation or powder
i am glad i changed it.
very impressed with this cleanser.
dissapointed with the lack of hydration
went with this one- i am so glad i did
am very pleased that all my researching paid off
already i am so happy with it
very happy with this product.
keeps my combination skin happy :)
i am very happy with this product
i am glad i took a chance
am very happy with this product
not impressed by any
am pleased with the better appearance that my skin now has
have been very satisfied with it
with this product i feel confident and pretty.
am happy to have finally found something that works
am so happy she pointed me towards this product
happy with the product would use again.
am happy to say that very little goes a long way
so glad i got this.
i am glad i did
i am glad i tried it.
i am happy with this cleanser
i am glad that i chose to make this purchase after an in-store demonstration
which surprised me at first
this was a product that i was extremely worried to use as it was at a time where my skin was horrible
i am already obsessed with it
so glad i discovered this product!
overall happy with this product
i am so glad i did.
was pleasantly surprised at the results
it has never upset my skin
i am realy happy with this purchase!
i am thrilled to have found it.
i must say i'm pleasantly pleased
i am happy with their eye cream
overall, pleased so far.
she is very pleased with the results because we all know there is no product that's going to be a miracle worker
...and i must say i'm pretty impressed.
i am so excited to find something that actually delivers
im so happy i did
have only been happy with one other br
try ask for sample, you will not be disappointed!
am very happy with the results so far
so all in all, i am happy.
it leaves my skin feeling happy
i am absolutely pleased with the results i have experienced
happy with the result
i am pleased with the results so far
try it, you will not be disappointed!!!
this mask greatly surprised me.
ive always been pleased with its ability to keep my skin clear with without drying
i am so happy with this product
am pleased with the results
disappointed in the new packaging
overall really impressed with it
i am so thankful for this product
i am very pleased that i did
ncredibly happy with this product i felt the need to share
so happy sephora staff recommended this.
for the pricing i'm surprised.
was amazed how clear my skin got
i am so thankful
how happy am i that i did this
and i am so happy with this cleanser.
im so happy i did
was of course skeptical because nothing ever seems to work
this product has amazed me
was nervous i would get something that dried or irritated my face
it makes me so upset
i am confident it's this that keeps it away
i am so happy i found a product to help me stay break-out free
at first i was skeptical to try this since the face wash from this br
so happy to have found this stuff!
she is soooo happy!!!!
i am eternally grateful.
am sad that the bottle is so little for the cost
i am happy with the product
'm very happy to say that i really like this product so far
'll see if i'm still impressed after a couple months
i am forever grateful to that sephora rep for teaching me this routine
i am incredibly pleased with this product even after the first few uses
disappointed now that philosophy has discontinued the moisturizer
my skin was not irritated at all!
within the last year or so have become a bit disappointed
very happy with this purchase.
which is really disappointing
i am not disappointed
you won't be disappointed with this product!
worried about its price
i am so impressed by the results.
i am very happy with my purchase
my skin seems to be reacting quite favorably.
have been happy with this combined day / night routine
was disappointed by all the hype or reacted to the other br
happy in the morning
'm happy with it
happy than clinique super defense
you won't be disappointed
my mother commented that my skin looked sad
am a happy comfortable user
am very happy with the results
i am glad i did
it's pricey but i am satisfied with my purchase.
go clinique - super impressed!
i am so happy i found this.
very happy with the results
have not been disappointed
from the first use i was pleased
am pleasantly surprised to see noticeable results
no one satisfied me
i feel more confident
i really haven't been too disappointed
so i opted for this and am very happy with it!
i am so glad i tried this.
you will not be disappointed!
very happy with this purchase!
so glad i gave this a try.
was impressed with it
i am pleased to report that i noticed an immediate difference in redness
i am so upset at myself that it took me until the age of 23 to try clinique products
was definitely surprised when it delivered as promised
never been too impressed
so happy i did.
very happy with it.
i am extremely happy with this product
i am especially impressed of this lotion's effectiveness on imperfection that have not reached the top of your skin
now i'm excited to buy more things from clinique!
i am thrilled with the results i'm getting.
very happy i splurged on this little miracle worker
'm hesitant to try new things
very pleased with this product.
how glad i am that i did.
not disappointed with any of them
overall, i am happy with cinique's acne products.
which makes me pretty happy
am really impressed with how quickly reduces the redness
finally feeling confident again!
hesitant because of the price
i am so happy with this purchase!
nothing in the past year would work i was leery to buy this
so far i am very pleased.
so far very impressed.
i am already seeing results
couldn't have been more happy with the results
now i am more confident to go out without makeup.
i feel more confident
so happy i found this product!
i am already seeing results
i couldn't be more pleased
i am very pleased with the results
don't be disheartened if your scars aren't immediately gone
i am so blessed to have this product
i am so glad i did
am so happy i found this product
i am really pleased with the results.
i am so happy that i decided to try it.
i felt ecstatic, lol.
i am so pleasantly pleased
i feel more confident without foundation on
was skeptical thinking this is too good to be true
i am glad that i did
i am so excited for this product!!!
the girlfriend had been very pleased with how they worked for her
he is extremely pleased with this product
impressed it's lasted that long
i am so happy i found this line.
so happy to have found this!
was so excited to use it
i am very happy with my purchase
was very satisfied with it: it made my skin extremely smooth
am happy with how my face feels
which i am enjoying too
while i'm more critical i am very happy with the results
have been really surprised at the difference in my skin
was ecstatic at what i saw in the mirror
so far, i'm pretty excited about the results.
realized now that i was impatient
was pleased to find that it can be used on body as well
beyond in love and satisfied!!!!
i am so glad i did
i decided to give it a try and am so glad i did.
i feel more confident
so happy i found this!
i am so impressed by this cleanser.
happy with the product!
i am so very happy with this product!
i am thoroughly impressed.
am so happy to see future results
the results were amazing.
i am extremely happy with this product
was afraid to try at first
the sales associate in store was quite enthusiastic about the product
wasn't happy about it
it made me not confident
i feel more confident now
i am now convinced this product is helping.
i already see a huge dramatic difference i am so thankful
i am so happy it found me
i could not have been more pleased
was very disappointed as i was expecting them all to be as great as this
glad i tried this.
so far have been very pleased
the only thing im unhappy with is the price of the moisturizer its small
well, i am so happy i did!
i am extremely happy
i confess i was really surprised on how well this works
this cleanser really impressed me.
have a little redness in cheeks when i get frustrated or embarrassed
i am very happy with how my skin feels once make up free
i am very impressed.
angry skin: this is for you
i am glad to say it has done just that.
i always am disappointed
i am extremely happy with this product.
i am very pleasantly surprised at how nice this cleanser is
i am thrilled with the results.
i am so thankful for having discovered this product
'm happy with this product
my skin was quite happy with this product
very thankful for this lotion
not happy about the price
this one was the only one i was happy with
i am pleased along with my makeup the clearness of my skin
my face is very happy
i am happy with it at this time.
so far i am not disappointed
was amazed at the results
so happy i got this.
after using it once i am amazed
i am so happy i tried the product
very happy to have discovered this!
i won't be ashamed or embarrassed to be fresher faced around people
not irritated at all
it definitely met my expectations
i am honestly shocked with the results
i am grateful to this line.
was pleased with the way my skin looked
i am very happy with this mask.
was happy with the clarity of my complexion
the next day i was amazed how my skin was glowing
am glad that i have found a product that i can use
i am quite fair
i promise you won't be disappointed.
i am already quite impressed
very pleased with the result.
i am so happy i found this product!
tip: if you are unsure about spending the $$$
i wasn't excited to try it mainly
she then became super excited
just something to be aware of
so far it has totally impressed me
glad i stuck it out, love this!
was so hesitant to purchase because of the price
i am soooo happy i did
excited to see how it proceeds to work with more time
'm happy to see them fade
this product has pleased me so far i will continue to use this
i feel so proud of my skin without makeup 3 months
try it, you won't be disappointed!
i am 58 and very fair.
was intrigued about the benefits of this product
i really happy i found this product!
i am very happy with the product
i am really surprised that this worked so well
but i am really happy with this product.
overall i am extremely pleased
im so surprised about this product
all in all im so satisfied
i am not disappointed with this purchase.
you get a ton of product i was shocked!
am happy to announce it has the same amazing results
i am very fair
at first i was very hesitant because of the price
happy with other results
so glad to have found this!
i am pleased with this cream because i am definitely seeing results
if you give this cream some time you won't be disappointed
i am already seeing results
i am truly amazed.
am very pleased with the results
i am so grateful
was impressed with the results
was nervous when i saw it was $52
i am really glad i did
very appreciative of this product
and i am so glad i decided to buy.
i am so glad i did
i am very choosy about where i put my money
so happy to have received this in my sephora play box
i am pleasantly surprised.
does not upset my skin
it didnt irritate at all which made me so happy.
i wasn't very interested in trying it at first
i am very impressed
very happy with it
incredibly happy with this sample
so glad i found this!
you will be amazed
very very happy with results.
been using it a week and already very impressed.
so far am glad i did
but when i started using it, i was so impressed!
i am amazed at the results
so far i am very pleased with how smooth my skin feels
was a little dissappointed that it's back in an "old-time" jar
i am very happy with this product
was shocked how rough
i am not too fond of the smell
oh my goodness i was impressed after the first use
very pleased with the cleaner.
you will not be disappointed with purchase!
i am so happy to have found this cleanser.
when i tried it i was amazed at how my face felt
i am happy with my other perricone products
i am glad i did.
am very happy with the results
i am very satisfied
was surprised how much i liked it
i am really impressed with this cleanser.
wow, am i glad i did!
am very happy with the change in my skin
you truly will not be disappointed
my skins response to these products surprised me.
a very supportive bunch of fans there
sorry for being not modest
upon the recommendation of an in-store consultant i'm very happy that i did
very very happy with it
have always been extremely happy with the results
first time user and pretty impressed.
when i tell them my daughter is 21 they are shocked
was hesitant to try this advanced version
.i am glad i did.
i am happy to say that my dark circles are at a minimum
i am seeing a difference
i am so excited about this product
i am very pleased with pericone md products.
was actually very impressed with how it soften the fine lines
i am confident that they will improve as well
i am very pleased with this cream.
boy am i glad i did
i am so happy with this wash that i would recommend you to try it
s because i'm never satisfied
never disappointed with products.
very happy with this so far.
i am quite pleased with the product.
so glad i discovered perricone md!
was hesitant at first
am hoping to see results after continued use
night i am so excited already
i am very pleased with perricone md products.
she is very satisfied
the price of this product scared me
this is always appreciated
i am completely impressed and pleased.
but so far, i am very pleased.
i am extremely pleased with the results of this cream
such a difference, i am so pleased.
you'll be pleased with the result"
i am amazed at my skin
i am glad she likes it.
this one impressed me though.
'm happy to have found something gentle yet effective for my skin
i am so glad i gave this product a try
so impressed and my skin looks amazing.
this one really impressed me
give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
am not disappointed at all
i am always hesitant to try new products
i am so glad that i gave this one a try
i am very satisfied with the results
i am truly impressed with this moisturizer.
i am very happy with it.
don't think you will be disapointed with this one
and i'm delighted that it has no spf in any form.
i am impressed at how moisturized
i am very pleased
was happy to find i could order from sephora
this cream has made my skin so happy.
really chuffed with my purchase.
so happy with this product.
delighted with a product as i was once i felt this:
very happy with this product
i shouldn't be surprised
so glad i gave this product a try!
was so happy when i found this amazing moisturizer
i am thrilled that it is all natural
i wasn't disappointed with it.
only if i really am impressed with a product
you wll be very pleased in the morning
was quite pleased with the results
very happy and well worth the price.
thankful the sephora employee pointed me to this br
i am a little shocked at the price
i am so glad that i did.
am impressed with the quality of this cream
was so surprised at how hydrating it was
this has been one that really really impressed me
am sooo sad i'm out
my skin feels extremely happy and refreshed!
your skin will be extremely happy
they are just as happy with the results
i really am quite pleased with this cream
i would probably buy it despite the smell just because of how pleased i am with its effectiveness
was also shocked i wasn't wearing any makeup
i am so thankful this is the reward i chose
actually quite impressed with the results.
wow i am really impressed
have been hesitant to try it
initially was disappointed because i found it to be drying
in the morning i was shocked
very happy with this product
i loved that product so was a bit disappointed at first
was expecting to hate this after 1 use
so i am glad i found this is the one.
adamant about skin care
i am really, really happy with this product.
so happy i discovered them.
i am really satisfied with the results
i am still astonished as i am not normally a fan of lancome's skin care
so happy with this.
i am very pleased with this.
i can say that i was pleasantly suprised with how much i like this product
my skin was not happy
i am so thankful to have found this product
but so happy i have.
i am so impressed!
am happy with how it helps my hair as well
i am disappointed with "first aid" products!
was still skeptical as usual
however once i added this my skin was satisfied
am very pleased with with the hydrating effects
this is so great i was apprehensive about it
overall i am pleased with this product.
was surprised that my skin started to feel tight
these are welcome words
they promised if i was disappointed it could be returned
i am so impressed!
very happy to keep using it
i can truly say that i am not disappointed
i am feeling very comfortable by using this product
was very worried when trying this product out
overall happy and will continue to use!
you will not be disappointed.
this product impressed me.
im very pleased with this moisturizer
very pleased so far.
this is a cream i am happy to use in the summer
am very pleased w/ all three
was very impressed by it
i am amazed at this line!
am eager to try other products in this line
i am very pleased with this product.
i wasn't that impressed
so thankful for this product!
within a few days i was impressed with tightening
very happy with this product.
very happy with this!
if you're skeptical, trust me.
you will be ecstatic
overall, i'm happy with this.
when i first got it i was unsure if i liked it or not due to the consistently
was pleasantly surprised to find that this cleanser worked so well with my skin
am sooooooo pleased i did so
i am very dissapointed because my skin did look so good for a few days
am really happy with the smoothness of my skin
was so disappointed to be allergic to the night cream
my sister was impressed by how good my skin looked
so happy that i had the samples to determine which product works best for my skin
was impressed enough to pay full price
since i knew i liked it
was concerned something had changed
like with most products i was skeptical
i am not disappointed
trust me you won't be disappointed
i am thrilled i gave it a try
i am very satisfied with this product.
over all people are happy
my skin is..,happy.
the price of this product had me very nervous to purchase it
i am so glad i did
positives to say about it
have never been satisfied or impressed until now
i am fully expecting the scars to improve
i am so pleased!
you will be amazed with the results
can honestly say that i am amazed
i am really enjoying this product.
was thrilled to find this potent retinol option
i am so hopeful that this product is going to deliver great results in a few more weeks
i am amazed after just one week of using this product
i really am amazed by this product.
i couldn't be more pleased
people are really surprised when i tell them i'm 47
very pleased with its effectivity
at first i was not impressed with this product
had been hopeful that retinol might help my skin
i am very happy with this product
i am very pleased with the results that poetry in lotion has brought to my skin
very, very happy with this stuff.
actually satisfied because it works so well on my skin
overall i'm happy with it as it works well on my skin
was skeptical about how much hydration it would provide
am so happy with the outcome
very happy to have this back in my regime
very happy with this purchase.
i am extremely pleased
i am one of the lucky ones
at first after using it i was a little apprehensive because it gave me a little irritation
i am glad i did!
i am so glad that i did.
you should try this you will not be disappointed.
overall, i am pleased so far.
boy am i glad i did
i am very happy with this moisturizer
my skin is now happy and clear :)
happy with this purchase
i am now confident that this is a product that i can put my money behind
women are shocked because they think i am in my 30's
was pleasantly suprised after using it
they annoyed me so much
i took it home expecting to be disappointed
i am one happy customer!
i am very impressed
use this - you'll be pleased!
so happy with this product!
have been pleasantly surprised with the results
i m happy with that.
so happy i did!!
i am very happy with it.
i am very pleased
i am excited to try out more kate somerville products
i am so excited to find a moisturizer that is oil free
last night i actually felt confident enough to go out without my compact
which i am not particularly happy about.
i cannot be anymore grateful
try it and you won't be disappointed.
very impressed so far.
i started to get very angry
so happy she let me try this because it is amazing
i am so happy my skin cleared up so fast
so happy to have found this product
so happy i did not give up!!!
i am so glad i did
nonetheless, i was still surprised.
was thrilled at its effectiveness
was skeptical to try another kate somerville acne product
am thrilled with its effect
sorry to use that term
i am so, so pleased.
i am sooooo happy that i did
i am m honestly shocked by how well this worked- within a week of using it twice a day
have been very happy with
i am very pleased to note that i do not get any burning sensation
felt compelled to share my excitement of this product
i am a happy customer.
all around very pleased with this product.
fully expecting that my results were a fluke
anyway i'm quite happy with the result
i wasn't impressed at first
i am glad i did so.
i am so glad the associate helped me find this one
curious about how long it will last.
am i glad that i did
very hopeful knowing it was from kate somerville
i am just unfortunate
i am so happy i did
anything i buy more than once has really impressed me
i am so thankful to finally be able to have normal looking eyes again
if you are skeptical
skeptical as i was to change my skin care products
which worried me a bit when the sephora rep showed me
i am always pleasantly surprised when i wake in the morning to skin that is super smooth
i am completely impressed with this serum.
i am very happy with the results
i added this to my am
i am thrilled that i did
was skeptical because of the price
so glad i did!
overall i am very happy with this product
so far am very pleased
i'll continue to get it because it makes me so happy
the price is not very happy it to over price.
for $50 i was a little hesitant
so glad i found you ❤️
i am happy with it.
and boy am i glad.
very pleased with this product
so happy i did.
haven't been super happy with the results
i am really enjoying it
bought this one and i am impressed.
i've never been so satisfied with my complexion
horrified, i had to order this stuff again.
i am very fair
'm nervous about travel with it
it was sooo disappointing
i am so glad that i tried this.
was disappointed as it left a white residue
i am so glad she convinced me to switch =
after multiple uses this gentle cleanser has never disappointed me
great product, i am very happy with it!
m worried about wrinkles
am convinced it helped clear up my skin
i am glad i did
overall i'm happy with this
i am thoroughly pleased with the results
i am very very satisfied with this product
am pleased to say that after receiving this as a sample size
so far i'm very happy
you will be convinced!
if you aren't really satisfied
was not impressed the first time
after using every item in this line i am quite happy with the results
you won't be disappointed with this purchase!
which is why i'm so bummed about the price
i am very happy!
i honestly am happy to have a full bottle on its way to me
i am glad that i was wrong.
i ordered this because i was so pleased with every other murad product i have
i am really, really impressed by this serum.
be unhappy with murad products you get results
have been very pleased
i am pretty amazed of the effect which i was able to see in one day
overall, i am happy with what i have seen so far.
i tried it as a sample and was impressed.
it helps and he's happy.
i am very impressed
have to say this one has impressed me all the way
was shocked by how well it works
once the results start you will be pleased.
overall, i'm very pleased with this product.
am super glad i did
i am so glad i did
was amazed on the first try
i am beyond amazed this product worked for me.
this product confused me at first.
am very pleased with how it has worked for me
he is convinced that it started improving the quality
so thankful i have products that actually work!
'm convinced that using it on my face --
ahhh i was so upset that i got a burn
i am very pleased with this serum
i am confident this is what erased those aging lines
t's odd that people are disgusted by the smell
i don't think you'll be disappointed
so far have been quite pleased
i am not expecting "miracles" as i am way
so far this is making me happy.
i am not happy with the effect that gravity is having on my face
i am very fair
was worried about aging
so happy i can get perricone locally.
sad about the price.
his products have never disappointed me.
i am so disappointed.
im surprised by the low number of reviews
so far have not been disappointed
'm usually frustrated with how my skin looks
you will not be disappointed
since i was so pleased with my results
i am so happy with the results from this line
am i ever glad i did
i finally feel confident in my own skin :
i must say i'm very impressed with this product
very pleased with this product.
it really impressed me
you won't be disappointed!
i am amazed how well this product works.
still not very satisfied...
as an appreciated bonus
it really surprised me!
which i am also happy with
the results were amazing
so glad i found this cream
which made me sad that i had run out
was so thankful for the introduction
my skin feels happy and younger.
i am pleased with the texture
happy i did invest
am always skeptical if things make any difference at all
thrilled that i am writing the review now
i am always skeptical when it comes to skin products
try it and you will be amazed.
i think this is one habit i'm happy to have
the representative assured me i'd love the results
i wouldn't put up with not being happy with it
i promise you won't be disappointed.
i get nervous when i run low on this product
i am very happy with the results
that's how worried about it i was
not to be confused with the 'blue serum'.
i am more than happy with the results.
my face looks amazing please try you will not be disappointed
was simply amazed at the results
so far, i am very happy!
no one will be disappointed with this product.
you have made me a very happy woman
was immediately impressed with the results -- smaller pores
i am very happy with this product.
commented that i looked like i was "glowing"
overall i am really happy with the results in just 3 weeks
i am so happy to have this product available to me
am not worried about pores
because i am just happy with the way my skin looks on its own
i am super happy with the results
very pleased with this product.
so far i am impressed
i am happy with the spf protection that it offers
so far i am very impressed
feel confident that i don't look a complete mess bare faced
after two days application-am completely satisfied
it blends well with make up and i'm pleased.
was raving about it
i think anyone would be happy with this purchase.
that made me extremely upset
i am so glad i did!!!
am pleasantly surprised by it
i am so glad sephora has started carrying the lancome br
i am pleased with my purchase for product performance
so far i am happy with genifique
thrilled with results i of course washed the next night
am not expecting that
am still in awe of its ability to make my skin so happy
am happy with the minimal ingredients fab uses
fab products have never disappointed me.
which i'm totally thankful for
was very excited to give this cleanser a try
so i was very happy to come across this product!
very satisfied with this skin line
shop i'm one happy mom.
when i first got this one i was less than impressed because it doesn't smell amazing
am hesitant to try new products for my face
i am so glad i found this!
i am so happy that i did
am so happy i was introduced to this product
you will not be disappointed!
i am pleased with the ease of use
the sales girls convinced me to try it
i am quite impressed by this line.
i am so glad i did
i am so happy that i gave this a try!
so glad i found this
was skeptical as to whether i would like the moisturizer
am so happy to have finally found something that works for my skin
really happy with this purchase
was fairly pleased with the results
happy to say that my skin is looking way better
he would be so embarrassed at times
i are very happy with this purchase so worth our money
if they are hesitant
then i double you will be disappointed
i feel more confident
which i'm so happy about
wow i am already impressed
i am so thankful that i went on a limb
i am so happy with this
i am so impressed!
i am so glad i was introduced to this product!!!
i am so grateful to have found it
i am very impressed with this product.
i am so happy to find something that works
not enough to get me excited
the results have consistently amazed me
so happy the results in just two weeks
am pleasantly surprised to see noticeable results
in the beginning i was afraid about the retinol
i am impressed with how healthy my skin appears while using
i so happy one does.
i feel so thankful for coming across this product
i feel so much more confident now!
this makes my skin happy
there was a day though that my skin felt irritated
you wont be disappointed!
so happy this was recommended to me by a sephora associate
so very angry i didn't sooner
i couldn't be more thrilled with the results
i must say i am really impressed with this product
i am very pleased with the results
i am so glad i did
extremely pleased with this product
they were not for methis left me feeling surprising clean
so glad i did!!!
am happy with the product
i am satisfied so far
have to say this lotion has impressed
was skeptical to even try it because of the price
boy, a i glad i did!
i am very happy with it after a week of using it both a
i am happy with the way my skin feels since i have been using it
very happy with my product!
she is very happy
which i am concerned with both
i am concerned about aging
very happy with this purchase
i am pretty skeptical about these kinds of products
anyway, i'm happy with this product.
haven't been this happy with my skin in a long time
so far though i am pretty impressed.
im so sad this cream is so expensive :((
'm a bit hesitant to use this as my daily moisturizer
the first couple of times i used it i was so disappointed at how oily/greasy it felt on my face
and i am glad i did.
am happy with this noticeable change
i've never been so satisfied with a product like this before
was hesitant to try this
i am definitely pleased with the effectiveness of this product
overall, am very impressed with this product!
i am shocked at how amazing this product is.
so happy i decided to pick up this r
'm thrilled we discovered this for her
i am actually very impressed by this product.
very pleased with the formula!!!
am thrilled with it
i am happy to say that it has not irritated or dried out my skin
very happy with this cleanser!
curious about the br
i must say i am glad i gave it a chance
i am very impressed with the product so far
overall i am pretty satisfied
glad i found it !
so far i am happy with this purchase.
i am pretty skeptical of over the counter products
i am soooo happy with this product.
was so happy that it was hydrating
'm hoping the results will continue
must say i am pretty impressed with this product.
the results have surprised me to say the least.
i am thus far happy with the results of radiant skin
after the 8+ positive comments over the past month have convinced me that this product really works
am very pleased at the quality
i am skeptical of this kind of thing.
i can honestly say that i have not been disappointed in this one
i am very skeptical
excellent produce and i'm pleased with the price.
"my skin feels happy
have been impressed so far
have been very pleased
i am delighted to find something that makes a noticeable difference
am surprised how much of a difference it is making
'm generally happy about this
is a welcoming part of my morning routine
sometimes i'm horrified at the fine lines under my eyes at 10am
i noticed how tired
that has impressed me so thoroughly that i will buy a full-size myself
i work at 5am everyday so when i saw my face at 4am i was in awe
which i was not happy about
i am so glad i tried it out
am very happy with the results
i truly believe i'm seeing some positive results
i must say that i am very impressed with this one
i am amazed at the results
this foundation has relieved my discomfort
pm i am so happy
overall i am satisfied.
you will not be disappointed!
i am so glad i did.
boy am i glad i tried it out
i am happy with this product
i tried this hydra life and i am so impressed.
i am impressed by this product so far
despite the price, i am really pleased.
i am happy with it
very satisfied with the product!
was impressed with the quality
i am so glad i did!
i am so impressed.
was satisfied to see immediate results
i will say i was shocked
i am very happy the results
i've got to say i'm pretty impressed
was eager to try it
be impressed as well
commented on how smooth my face was
i am very pleased with the results from this product
i am do glad i took the plung to buy this.
i am just so shocked that this serum does so much
you will not be disappointed
i am seriously regretting that i waited so long to make this purchase
you won't be disappointed about the feel of your clean smooth soft skin
overall i am really pleased with this
i am impressed and it takes a lot to impress me.
i am so thankful that they recommended this kit to me
you will be thrilled!
i am so glad she did
i am so happy with the results
you won't be disappointed
a great buy i've been very satisfied with so far
have always been happy with the resulst
i am so happy that i found it!
until then, i am very happy with my purchase.
my skin is just so happy
i prefer to use a moisturizer with a spf so was so happy to find this one
i am really enjoying it
boy, am i glad i did.
so glad i found this product.
my skin was happy
my face is very happy about it
i am glad i started to
i am more confident in wearing little to no make-up
otherwise, i am so happy that i got it!
i am quite pleased with how it has performed so far
i am extremely happy with it
am already seeing results
so impressed with this product.
i am willing to pay because it works so well
i would be very upset if sephora
was a little confused at first because it looked like a mask
although i am not too fond of the scent.
this clay cleanser makes my picky skin happy
i promise you will not be disapointed with the results
very disappointed to see that in the ingredient list
i am unfortunate enough to be 50
my skin was not happy
i am so happy i found this lotion it is a god send
i am really impressed at how well it absorbed
i am so grateful
happy that she begged me to try out this product
lol if you're skeptical about this product i promise you will not be disappointed
i am not disappointed
amazing results i can't express how happy i am with this new regiment
however, i was pleasantly surprised!
i know everyone seems to be disappointed from it
was surprised how smooth
very happy with the result!
am always nervous trying new products
was really disappointed when it didn't take black heads
you won't be disappointed
this mask was a happy surprise for me
i am very impressed
i am happy with this face cream so far.
i am overall happy with all ole henriksen products
i am so happy with it
humid that i find that its a welcome relief
i am so glad i did!
am so happy i did
i am so impressed with this day creme.
i am really pleased with this product.
very glad to have it back
was really impressed with his philosophy on skin care
i am complimented on my skin all the time
at first i was skeptical because i have very dry
i finally i am comfortable not wearing foundation
was very pleased to purchase it despite the price
i must say i am super impressed
after the first day i was not impressed
so far i am very happy with the results
so happy i did!
boy was i pleasantly surprised.
happy to buy the product when i ran out
really happy with this product.
i am satisfied with the product
i am really happy with this product!
so happy with this product
am pleased with it
over a week of using this product i was very impressed with the results
i initially was interested in this eye cream because of the great reviews
so far, i am happy with my purchase.
a little bit goes a long way- i wouldn't be suprised if it took me a year to finish this jar
i am so amazed from this product.
to be honest i was disappointed at first since the cream was so light
so far am not disappointed
i don't think that you'll be disappointed
how eager my skin was to drink it in my views of murad have changed
was very sad to be out of
when i opened the jar i was so disappointed
i couldn't be more pleased
i am sad that the price has gone up recently
was amazed at how rich it was
i am so relieved i don't have to look anymore
i am so glad that i did
have never been as happy with any other product i've tried
you won't be disappointed
i am not regret from my purchase.
i am impressed because i did not have any acne
i am glad i did
i am so happy that i did
at first i wasn't expecting to see any remarkable results
am not too upset about it
was a little hesitant to try because i was afraid i would be too sensitive to it
i am so impressed!
was never fully satisfied
i am ultimately satisfied with the results
i am extremely happy with the results it has given me
for those concerned about that
i am really happy with my recent purchase
so pleasantly surprised by this!
am now a happy happy woman
so happy and super impressed with this product.
i decided to try this, and am so glad i did!
you will be disappointed
i am very happy
you won't be disappointed.
i am happy about that because my foundation does.
so glad i finally bought this.
quite happy with this product.
you won't be disappointed
i couldn't be more grateful
my eyes are so happy-- no wrinkles
the price had me really skeptical
i am so happy that i decided to purchase this eye cream
wasn't impressed with the results
get this product you will be amazed !!!
when i see people i used to work with they are shocked at how good i look
i am really impressed with this- i am blown away
they were not as excited
amazed how well it worked
i am so amazed at the results i got the first time i used this product
i am very satisfied with it
'm grateful for any help at all
i am so impressed!.
cannot be more impressed.
am truly impressed with how smooth it leaves your skin
was wowed by how it really works
i am thoroughly amazed at the results.
excited that i found this
well i am so delighted with the results that i have recommended it to my closest friends
hesitant to try yet another serum
i am really surprised by all the complaints about fragrance
i will say i am highly disheartened by the price
'm very happy with it
happy when ever i use it
couldn't be more pleased
amazed at how it made my face feel
sad it couldn't work for me
this moisturizer has made my skin so happy!
so glad i went for it
soooooooo happy i did
was so surprised/excited that this helped
i didn't expect much, but this impressed me.
i am so so so thankful that this arrived in my play
i am impressed with this cream.
am concerned about aging
my skin is thankful
i am very pleased with the results as well.
been very intrigued by it
i finally did and i am so glad!
am very happy with my purchase
i am hopeful it will prove to be effective with fine lines
intrigued i brought it home
am pleased with the product
very happy with this purchase.
i am too happy to test that :
i am quite impressed with this product.
i am very happy with my purchase
that made me happy.
i am thrilled to have the results i do with a product of this price
am very happy with it
very, very happy with the results
for that i am happy
since i am happy again
this cream has me excited to wash my face again
i am seriously in love with this product
get astounded by the price
i am thoroughly impressed
fragrance concerned me at first
very impressed with this moisturizer
extremely happy with this face cream!
i could not be more impressed
was really impressed with it
i am so happy with this purchase
i am so excited about long-term use.
so far i am pleased
i am so glad that she did
so happy i did.
if i am this happy after only 4 days of use?
i am pleasantly surprised how how light
was very pleased with the product
very happy with results.
am quite pleased with this line do far
but i saw results very quickly.
imagine the disappointment for $100.
i am so happy with this product
otherwise very happy with this purchase
this has not irritated me
very pleased with the results.
that made me curious
have been much more impressed than i anticipated
disappointed in how little you get in the bottle.
not expecting the amazing results
i am so glad i did
try this i am surprised again at why i stopped
have been very pleased with the results
i am mesmerized by this shiseido line.
i am glad i gave this cream a try
was shocked to see how much it costs
but it-you will not be disappointed!
was surprised to see what a difference it made
not been impressed with any of them
my undereyes are so happy again
understatement to say i was elated
the price tag shocked me a bit
they will be stunned by my youthful
excited to see results after more use.
overjoyed to have found my perfect eye solution
so happy to be able to wear mascara
i choose this one and am very happy with it.
very happy with my purchase.
i am so happy i found this treatment gel
was reluctant, but thought i'd try this.
very satisfied with the results!
i liked this product
very satisfied with this product.
honestly i was skeptical when he was telling me how amazing it worked
i am constantly asking my wife to touch my forehead because i am amazed with the results
i am happy with them all.
wasn't happy with any of them
at first i was unsure about this product because i didn't see
so glad i got this!
i am very impressed.
i promise you won't be dissapointed
i am so glad i found this primer.
great buy & i'm a happy customer.
'm very pleased with this
i feel less embarassed
am really happy with the results
well... i wasn't disappointed.
am truley pleased w/result
i can feel confident that the money i'm spending is worth the quality of product
was not impressed with it
so happy with this product.
was i ever surprised!
y amazed at the results
that is enough for me to be happy
love the results i am seeing.
am glad to be back
i too was a bit perplexed about the same reviews appearing in different places
the area that i am so shocked by is the area above my eyebrows
im happy to say that this exceeds all of my expectations
i am however not happy with the dropper
my skeptical self did not believe it
i am finally enjoying my face!
have been pleased with the serum
very excited about how this product makes my skin look
i believe i'm seeing results.
was impressed that a little went a long way
i am very glad i did
i liked the product
you will not be disappointed.
i am very happy with it as well
as soon as i got this cream i was excited
was really excited to try it as i had heard good things about this br
i am definitely anxious to buy the full product.
have been impressed with all of them
i am pleased with the results so far
if you are on the fence buy it i'm sure you will be pleased
was very pleasantly surprised by how well it worked to moisturize
was intrigued by the whole alguronic acid thing
when i called to inquire they said they were sorry
have been very pleased with the results
won't be disappointed, just go for it!
but i am very happy with this product so far.
i am highly satisfied with this product
super satisfied with this cream.
was hesitant to spend the money
i am so grateful
i am very impressed with this line of products
was excited to reorder it until i saw the price
i am very happy with the feel
happy to report that for me
so far i'm happy i tried it.
was pleased that this felt the same
not irritated at all
was surprised by the price
i am so happy now
am happy i tried it
i can honestly say this is the first time in my life i feel confident without makeup
not expecting much results
i am entirely impressed with this balm.
if you're still apprehensive, just try a sample.
now i'm convinced because seeing is believing
i am happy with the results
am pleasantly surprised with how much i like it
i wasn't overly impressed in the beginning
was so excited when this balm went on smoothly
i am very happy with it
algenist has made me a happy girl
relieved to finally found this
i can not tell you how amazed i am with this product
i am very happy with this product
so glad i found this
is so happy with it
i am glad i tried it
disappointed users are because they didn't give this product a fair chance
the next time i tried it i got over excited
am very glad she showed it to me
the results were amazing!
works well, happy with results
very pleased with this product
i held off on buying this for a very long time because i was skeptical
i showed my friends and they were amazed!!
overall very pleased with this purchase!
i am very fair
i am so glad i did
anytime i stray i'm always disappointed
you won't be disappointed in this product.
was really unhappy with it
this product has impressed me so far.
oh boy, was i pleasantly surprised.
the first couple of times i used it i was very underwhelmed
am sooo happy with this product.
am so glad i tried this one
this product really surprised me
so glad for this product
it's the first product that has helped me through this battle of feeling confident finally
am very happy with it
i am very satisfied
i am impressed and sold.
am so happy i did
not surprised at all because i'm never disappointed in benefit products
so glad i found this!
was delighted with this lotion
i am very pleased
i am happy to report my skin likes it
and now i'm happy with benefit again.
my skin is happy
the price tag has never made me happy
you won't be disappointed
i couldn't be more pleased
very happy with my purchase.
i am so pleased with the beautiful glow my skin has now
i am a happy camper
i can say i am very glad i did
was pleasantly surprised to find out that it's amazing
but there was no reason to be concerned at all!
so suprised there are some people who say it doesn't work
i am extremely impressed
am so happy i found this stuff
so far i am very impressed
am so glad i did
was skeptical at first
i am very happy with this purchase!
very pleased with this product
am happy i found a product that works
only sad thing is price
i am so glad i did
was happy i could get it online
no break outs, very happy with this.
am so happy with this purchase
told her i was unimpressed with my current serum
very happy with the results.
i think you will be happy with the results
impressed with this product
shocked at how well this helped with my dark circles
was a bit scared to use it
which i was worried about it the beginning
i am so glad i tried this!!
i am so glad i made the purchase
i am so grateful the sales associate pointed me in this direction
very glad i followed the woman's suggestion
very happy with the reduced dark circles so far!
so far i am happy with this product
which was so unfortunate
i am very happy.
pleased it's working on under eye bags
am very impressed at how youthful my eye area became after treating them with this cream
i am 100% happy with this eye cream
i am not disappointed
am very happy with it
found this one and very happy with it.
disappointed that the price went up!
glad i discovered it
so disappointed because i really loved this product so much
am happy with it
all in all, i'm happy with this purchase.
i am overall happy with the product
which is really appreciated
am so glad i did
i am so very happy to have found a solution to my eyelid eczema
when i tried it i was thoroughly impressed
and i'm so happy about it!
amazing results i can't express how happy i am with this new regiment
so glad i tried this
but 4 stars for the price, sorry!
i can safely say i'm happy with this product
my favorite sephora rep told me to expect amazing results
proud of my own skin
so excited i tried this line
let me first say that i was skeptical
was quite happy with the results
i am really pleased with my results so far
she is thrilled and i am a happy mama.
i couldn't be more thrilled with the results
could not be more pleased!
for the longest time i was perplexed by products
i am proud to say there is not one line or crows feet around my eyes
particularly proud of the fact i was the only one in my family capable of getting a tan
so far, i'm happy with my purchase.
i am very happy with it.
i am glad that i did
i am so glad he did
am pleased with the results so far
am very happy with the line
i am very happy with this product.
my skin is still not shocked by it
am always worried about dropping it
i am so happy i did
i am pleased by how gentle it is
sensitive skin has been happy with it
very happy with both of them.
was excited to see his new hypo line
i am pleased with the results so far
it was a lot of money and i was very skeptical.
i am very impressed with the results
i am glad i ordered this cream
to say i'm pleased with the results would be an understatement
i am so thankful i decided to try this.
i am really happy
i am over-the-moon happy with this product.
i can honestly say this has made a positive difference — a very positive difference
in fact i was quite impressed with it
am so happy i did
try this one you will more than likely be quite pleased
i am extremely pleased
i am very happy with this great product
i am amazed at how well this works
i am vrey happy eith this product except for the price
so glad i did!!
was very pleasantly surprised
you will not be disappointed
really happy with this product!
im very happy with this product
i admit i was a bit excited
before using this i was really upset!
i am sooo thankful for it
have always been disappointed in results
overall i am thrilled
i am seeing amazing results
i feel so much more confident already.
so don't be impatient
couldn't be more thrilled.
'm grateful that this one
am optimistic that at the 12 week mark i'll be even happier
are eager to hear some kind of review on this product
it has to be working because people have commented on it
was amazed at how great this product is
at first i was concerned that it would
though i was skeptical
i am so blessed to have finally found a very effective yet gental everyday use cleanser for me
was so sad to see how expensive it is
as a man with oily skin i was skeptical on how well this product would work
not greasy, just comforted.
very happy with purchase.
i honestly was surprised at how soft my face felt afterwards
so far i have been impressed after multiple trial
i am very glad i did!!
i am happy so far with its effectiveness
pleasantly surprised at results been using it for 3 weeks
couldn't be more pleased
im very impressed by this product.
excited to try other products from this line.
i am always very skeptical about claims on bottles
really pleased with how light weight
forget how lucky you are to have found the winning combination
was pleasantly surprised by the results
am very impressed with the results i am seeing
very pleased with my purchase!
i am quite pleased with the performance of this product
i am so happy!
which i also liked
i decided to be brave
i am glad i made this mistake
was amazed at the results
the results were disappointing
i am truly amazed at the results!
very happy with this product so far
boy was i shocked
was shocked to see that it was $90
was delighted to find this gem in my vib clutch
i really was bummed when i came on here
i am super happy with this along with most of the a/p line
always pleased with origins products.
at first i was skeptical that this would make my face too oily
was thrilled to purchase one from this br
i am very much satisfied
i must say that i am most impressed by the impact
was eager to try it
so like i said, i was eager to try this.
i am sorry to say i'm trying to find a replacement that is animal-friendly
say i am very surprised at the quality of this product given the price
not this one which i'm stoked about
i am anxious to see how a week turns out of using the same routine
still very happy with it
once thing i am not happy about is that clinique still performs animal testing i heard which is very sad
im amazed at how different my face looks
i am very happy with the results
so initially, i wasn't impressed.
'm really impressed with this serum
so happy to see it return!
i am very pleased
neither is making my skin angry
i am very happy with this product.
so excited that i found something that will quickly
i am most excited about the price.
you won't be disappointed.
was eager to try micellar water
i must say i was pleasantly surprised
i couldn't be more thankful
i am so pleased it does not have the strong citrus scent as the moisturizer or cleanser
i am so happy to have discovered the ginzing line
so far every product i have tried from it has impressed me
i am very grateful that they chose me because it really gave me result
was glad to try this out
was very happy with it
i am so lucky to have received this for free by influenster to give an honest review
i must say i'm not so surprised
was very excited to receive it in my influenster voxbox
was really hesitant because of the price tag
i am hopeful that after using it for an entire month
so grateful, will definitely be repurchasing!!
my face was pretty irritated
unbelievably happy with this.
im very impressed with this product.
i am not disappointed!
have never been more happy with my skin
i`m so happy that i have checks
we're both very happy with the results
very happy with it(:
it works fast, i am impressed.
i quickly relieved it
and let me just say, i am super impressed.
i am not an easily impressed person
i am so thankful to lara at sephora inside jcpenney at woodfield mall
i am so grateful for her!!
i am so happy i decided to try this
im happy that i used this one
so glad sephora has added it!
this is the first product i'm happy with
...so i may be too excited and speaking too soon.
i am so happy i made the change
i must say i am very happy with it.
was happy to try this one
i am very pleased!
was pretty excited to try this moisturizer
well, am i ever glad i tried this out!
what ever makes it work i am grateful
my only disappointment is not with this product.
for that reason i'm not excited to run out of this because it was pretty pricey
i am shocked that it works
i am thankful for originally getting this in a samp
super happy with my change hope this helps ladies
i am very impressed with how just massaging it into my face felt soothing
so glad i got this
my skin was not happy
was very disappointed when origins discontinued it
still am in love with it
then you won't be disappointed
'm glad this face wash worked
it leaves you amazed
i am very pleased with the results
i am definitely happy with this cleanser
i am now very happy with this cleanser!
your skin will be super happy
and i'm so happy i did!
very happy with all 3 products.
my skin is happy
was curious about this product
we are very satisfied with this product.
i got this as a sample curious to see how it would work
after using this product for about 2 months i am proud to say that my skin has cleared
was initially disappointed the first two tries
but i kept with it and am i so glad i did.
overall i am happy with the results
i am pretty shocked
i am not as impressed with the treatment of dark circles
after being thoroughly happy with a recent origins purchase
this really makes me feel more confident
so glad i found this!
very happy with the way it works !
the best eye cream ever, i am seriously so happy.
so happy with it and i love the fresh smell!m
first time using this product and am pleased.
so i'm glad i found this product!
i've never been more excited to wash my face!
i am so thankful i got it now
very pleased with this cleanser
you will be so happy
'll admit i was a bit hesitant to try this out
for a $5 mask, i am impressed.
definitely am happy with it
i feel so blessed to have found this
i am very happy with my purchase
pretty satisfied with this product.
it leaves my skin so happy
very pleased with the purchase.
i can safely say i am 100% satisfied
i've never been disappointed by origins
am hopeful that the salicylic acid in this will work
was never truly pleased or in love with my results
i am thrilled with the results
i am overall very pleased with this product.
have been very happy with it
friends have commented on it too
so happy i found this stuff!
this was a welcome addition
this was a very welcome change of pace
so happy sephora now carries origins!
so far i am quite pleased
i would be a sad sad person without it
am so thankful i gave it a try
was nervous to try this product
i am so glad i did
so glad i found this!
so happy i tried this mask.
so glad i did.
have not been disappointed at all
at first i felt really frustrated because it has a pump
now i'm so glad i went with this
i am extremely impressed.
although i liked the others
i am writing this review because i am actually really impressed
i am so delighted with this light
i am honestly nervous to start another moisturizer
i am so happy to find a moisturizer that doesn't contri
was very skeptical until i saw an old picture of myself
very pleased with this product.
so far i'm very impressed
i am literally shocked at the difference in my eyes
super impressed with the plantscription line.
i am really surprised that it works.
have been happy with my experience so far
im really happy with my purchase
im pretty impressed considering i've only used it for a couple of weeks now
i am so happy!
so glad i did.
i am truly impressed with this product.
very happy with this product.
as far as i am concerned
am so happy with the results
was skeptical about spending so much on a product
however, i am amazed at the overnight results.
i am very impressed
i am so glad i decided to get this!
you won't be disappointed
i get excited to put it on every day because it feels so refreshing
i am so happy with the whole clinique line
am amazed how well it works for me
i don't think you will be disappointed.
i am so pleased with this product.
you will be completely happy
am amazed at the improvement i'm seeing every day
i am very happy with her
i am always skeptic about new products however alise was very good
what a value, so glad i found it.
i am already seeing results.
so, i was skeptical, especially at the price.
i am cautiously optimistic.
very happy with it
i am always skeptical when a product says it helps with dark circles
am very impressed with the improvement
you will be shocked
i am skeptical at best of expensive products like these
i am glad i tried it
well, i am actually impressed.
i am very pleased
am excited to try it for myself
am already loving the results
i am so excited
so glad i was able to stay with kate somerville
have normal/combination skin you won't be disappointed
i am ever so grateful
i am really impressed with this serum!
i am so glad i found this product!
i feel confident walking out of the house w/o any make up
was so pleased ended up buying it as well
keeps my skin happy
give a shot, you won't be disappointed.
am so happy to have found it after trying out so many different products
gives me " happy face"
after months of being unhappy with my skin
night because i get so excited to use this wash
was naturally hesitant to try boscia
at first, i was a little doubtful of any results.
right now i am very happy with it
really pleased with the results
am curious to try other algenist product
i am so grateful for algenist products.
i went in skeptical
which really surprised me because i went into this with low expectations
very happy with results so far
'll stay hopeful for good results
have been pleased overall with the quality
i felt compelled with this product
i am happy with it.
i am so happy i did
needless to say, i'm happy with it so far.
i am way impressed with this product.
happy with it, will but again.
am impressed enough to commit to a bottle
i am very happy with this product.
am excited to try the other products in this line
so far i'm happy with this product
you won't be disappointed!
it's been 3 weeks and am amazed at the results.
so happy i found this though!!
'm always nervous to try products
i am so excited to try more of their products now
super happy to finally find my perfect fit.
i am really pleased with this moisturizer!
this has not disappointed
so far i'm happy i did
it is nothing to get too upset about
i am excited to try the rest of the line
i am very impressed by this cream.
i gave it a try and was pleasantly surprised!
right now i am super impressed
really impressed with this product!
was excited to try this out
i felt like it irritated my eyes
i still enjoyed the product a lot
so thankful i did.
i am very happy i did
am happy to know this large jar will probably last me quite a long time
very happy with my purchase!
i am happy with the product
can expect amazing results
i am personally in love with this product!
am very cautious of using anything new
but, i am glad i did.
im very impressed on how well this works.
i am very happy with this product!
while many other reviewers are not 100% pleased with this product
i am glad i did
i am happy to put this cream on every day.
surprised about everybody complaining about the smell
i happy to love it :)
i am thrilled with the change i see
was worried about the oil/cream combination
i am so glad sephora is carrying this.
still pleased with this product
i looked very tired.
so you couldn't tell i had been upset
i put it on and my eyes are instantly happy!
anyways, made my sleepy eyes happy.
my eyes feel energized
very happy with this product.
wasn't upset by the purchase
am worried my sample will be gone before it gets here
overall i am enjoying this cream
i am really pleased
i am very impressed with this lotion for the spf protection
when i first purchased juno oil i was very underwhelmed
my skin is happy
i am so happy with the results.
people in the comments weren't happy
i am just really pleased with the luna oil
something that i was concerned about initially
i am really happy i made the splurge
i am very happy with this purchase.
i couldn't be more pleased
i am so glad i did
i don't think you'll be disappointed!
i am amazed by how soft
really didnt remain impressed for quite some time
am still more than happy with the results
bought the full size since i am so happy with the results
seeing so many people rave about it made me curious
was very scared trying it
made me feel much more confident in myself
unfortunately i am now obsessed
i wake up surprised
i am so happy that i decided to purchase this cleanser
i am extremely satisfied with the results
confident in my own skin
woke up to a super happy face
was so excited to try it
was excited to try it
i am so thankful i received this in my play!
overall, i'm really pleased with the product.
i am shocked at how small my pores are now
so far i'm very pleased
so far i've been very pleased with this product line
was excited to try this
excited to see how my skin looks next month
was excited to try it
i am so glad that clinique came out with repairwear uplifting cream
surprised i was still giving it a chance
was a little hesitant to try it
i am incredibly pleased with it
i feel more confident about my skin than i have in years
commented that my skin is looking better
'm not surprised that braac is superb
people are surprised when tell them my age.
i tried this product and was really happy.
very happy with this.
i am so glad i got it.
was really nervous about another reaction
was amazed at how well it works
i am extremely satisfied with the results
i am so very happy that i have found something to help
i am just really happy with this moisturizer!
i am so happy i discovered this.
i am happy to say that this cream not only moisturerizes-
i liked this product.
you won't be dissappointed
so this surprised me
happy i chose it :
i am thrilled to have found this product
you will not be disappointed.
am very happy i found this
you won't be disappointed
very pleased with this moisturizer.
so happy to find this product!
was excited to try this product
i am very pleased with the results
wanting to put on a happy face today
although i was disappointed that there is only one mask
very impressed with the entire sephora line.
i couldn't have been more pleased.
was pleasantly surprised that it was a no-mess gel mask
you won't be disappointed!
was extremely happy to finally find a product that helps out
grateful i found this amazing product
ncredibly happy i have finally found something that makes my skin look clear
i am very happy with how my skin has been looking
i can't even begin to tell you how grateful i am for this product
i am excited to say
i am so happy with this product.
so glad i went with this!!
i am so sad because it seems to be out of stock
i am so grateful for this product
anxious to purchase the 3rd
i am so glad that i ordered this product
not be ashamed of my skin
i am very happy with this product.
sad since i really had hopes for this
super happy i gave this a trying before considering a visit to a dermatologist as a desperate move
i am so thrilled with its acne-fighting ability that i don't even care
was eager to try this out
you will be happy
am overall very impressed
they look less angry
i am very satisfied with this purchase.
i am so glad i found this
so glad i found this!!
she's very happy as well.
so happy - thank you!!!!!!
i feel like i got lucky with this one
so glad i found this brand.
i think you will be amazed !
even though i was happy with the moisturizer that i was using
how happy i am
she is very happy with this product.
i would recommend this to anyone who is not 100% happy with their skin
you will not be disappointed.
i am not worried about being shiny either
now i'm really proud of my skin because i rarely break out
so far i am pleased
am very happy with my recent purchase of the ptr oil-free moisturizer
i feel more confident
i am now confident enough to leave my house without makeup
glad i tried this
i am thrilled to use it!
have been very pleasantly surprised with the results
since this is just one tube i'm actually excited
am happy with the results
will be forever grateful for how they have changed my skin
i am stunned at how quickly i saw incredible results
i am amazed by my results
one happy camper here
i am forever grateful
was disappointed with the results
sorry bragging a little bit .
i am really excited to use it for a second time!
the first time i used it i wasn't enthralled
overall very happy and would repurchase.
a week into using it i'm pretty impressed
every time my skin is angry
have been forever thankful
which i was not expecting-
was totally surprised by how well it works to moisturizer
i am so glad to have discovered this gem!
i am so happy that i finally did
so glad i tried this product.
am quite impressed with this oil
my skin feels relieved every time i use this!
was amazed at how great my skin looked too.
am so happy i did
so glad i found it
pretty impressed with this product
am so glad i stuck with it
i couldn't be more thrilled
so when a lady in my local sephora said she had a primer i had to try i was very skeptical
otherwise very happy with this product
although my wallet won't be happy
this product made me feel confident to go out without makeup
was surprised how well this works.
amazed at this product.
was left very disappointed
overall i'm very pleased with this product
big price tag i was skeptical
am very happy with the choice
happy that i found one that finally works
i must say the first time i tried i was disappointed
concerned i wouldn't like it
i am seeing a difference
for anyone who has tried this with disappointing results
my sister-in-law is very happy with this product.
i am very happy with this product.
overall, i believe i am seeing results.
very pleased with this product.
am always pleased with the results
was skeptical of using a face oil
i am glad i did
i could never find that happy medium to get moisture
i am so happy i decided to buy this seaberry oil
was nervous it would make me break out
one downside is my partner isn't jazzed about kissing my face after i've put this on
for that reason i was very nervous to purchase an oil apose to a serum
happy in the morning
when i finally tried it, i was amazed!!
am still very happy
thrilled to include 'tis in y beauty routine!
this does this-very impressed with this
i am happy with the smell.
was surprised because i have combination skin
very happy with this purchase
surprised at how quickly it works
so glad i did!
you are going to be disappointed
glad to have found this.
my first time using a serum and i'm impressed.
which i was surprised of
i am encouraged by the results so far
impressed with the list of ingredients
i am happy to report that it's working
which makes me hopeful as i have only used about 1/10th of the bottle
i am so glad i tried this product
i am happy and will continue to use it.
i am pretty enthusiastic about this product
very fortunate to have always had great skin
the results were amazing!
as i'm kind of used to being disappointed
am amazed with the results
i am forever grateful!
very happy i did
trust me when i say i am impressed
am pleased with the results
i am so happy to finally find something that actually works for me
all in all i am super happy with this product
was directed to this instead--i'm pretty happy with the results
i am so glad my sephora was out of the product
super impressed with this product!!
also be as happy as i am to finally have nice skin
i am hoping this continues to work
i"m so happy i give this product a try.
very happy with it.
so glad i found this!
i am so glad i discovered this
was nervous to try this
this moisturizer is the first one that i am truly impressed by
if you buy a moisturizer for its smell you will be disappointed because amore pacific is about results
was very impressed with the results
it was a sad day when i used the last of my sample
this works so well on my skin that i was shocked
intrigued about their expensive price for so little stuff
i doubt you will be disappointed.
convinced me to try this creme
am still in love with it
i am actually surprised how much i like this creme
very happy with dior night time cream.
i am quite skeptical when it comes to "miracle worker" type products
again, i was skeptical.
i am so thankful i have found this line of products
i am already seeing results
you won't be satisfied with this product
feel like i am seeing results very quickly
i am very happy with this product.
very happy so far!
was skeptical, but i am glad i went for it.
'm hoping to keep seeing continued results
was so excited to try this new one
am delighted by the overall softness
i can proudly say my complextion looks healthy
was surprised that my skin did look brighter
however, i am very satisfied with this product.
i am blessed to not yet have a lot of wrinkles on my face
i am very pleased with this eye treatment.
if not, i'll be happy to continue using korres.
i am surprised by the difference that this product makes in the appearance of my eyes
was excited to try this treatment
you won't be disappointed
super impressed with this moisturizer.
other fab products haven't really impressed
i am very happy to have found this product.
very pleased with these products!
however i am happy i have a product that works as well as this one
i am so happy i finally found the one for me
happy with this product..
i am so glad i did!
the only thing i am not thrilled about is it is a bit heavy
i am satisfied with the way it works on me
so far i am happy with the results
very impressed with the results i received from using this product
so far i am very pleased
it so far happy with it
i am thrilled with the results
very happy with the results so far.
after seeing the results i'm glad i did
was very hesitant to try this mask when i got it as a present
it also serves as a great distraction when you're feeling angry or upset
couldn't be more happy with the result
was hesitant to try at first
was excited to try it
i am so impressed.
at first i was very unimpressed by this
you won't be disappointed!
so far i am incredibly impressed
was curious how this very different moisturizer would compare
i am still very happy with it
have been overall pleased with the results i am experienced
so far i'm happy with the results
this was a welcome addition to my routine
i am very happy with this product
i am seeing results.
i am very happy with the results.
i am so glad i gave it a chance because the look
am happy to report that my skin doesn't feel weighed down or greasy
you won't be disappointed in the results
was definitely hesitant about dropping $150
it was a happy jump to finally try the sk-ii cellumination
after the first week of using the product i was a little disappointed because i feel like the cream may of caused a few breakouts
am very pleased with the product
if you are concerned about age
i am one very happy
was surprised it was more of a gel consistency
was impressed how it absorbed into my skin
am pleased that no extra moisture is needed the entire day
i am glad that i did
lets just say i am more confident going without makeup
i feel confident that this product would be good for that too
i ended up being really impressed.
was a little disappointed in the look of the bottle
was happy to try this product
was obviously a bit worried
not irritated at all
(though that makes my wallet sad.)
have really been impressed with the quality of the emulsion on my face
lately i have been pleased to see they have softened a bit
but now i absolutely feel confident doing it.
have been very happy with the smoothing
was hopeful this cleanser would provide 'ultra-hydration'
nothing made me excited or noticed any results
feels wonderful against my occaisionally angry skin
was pretty excited when i received this from sk-ii for free to review
although i liked the results
i am so glad that i did
at first i was hesitant to try it out
i am so happy with how it has made my skin look.
i think that has intrigued me the most
more curious about this br
i am so happy that i did because i absolutely love it
at all i liked
return it if not pleased
was very skeptical about an "oil" type cleanser
i am so excited to find this product.
boy am i thrilled that they did
i find my skin looking energized
i could not be more happy with the results
cause i'm pretty happy with my regimen already
i am happy to give it
i am so thankful
i am proud of my skin again.
i’m just glad it works
i am very pleased
was very excited to try sk-ii
that didnt make me happy
am hopeful to see even more
nitially i was disappointed when i received it
i am so glad i did!
i've seen results i'm truly satisfied with:
every time i try to use different night cream i get disappointed
my skin feels satisfied
very happy with the results and will buy again.
i am very impressed!
i am very satisfied with this cream.
was a little hesitant to buy this one
she is absolutely happy with the result
i must say i am still impressed by this eye cream
since it was me i am pleasantly shocked by the amazing results
was amazed by how good it is
i am impressed with the way this eye lotion refreshes
i am actually impressed.
it is very well deserved
i am usually disappointed by masks because they promise a lot
was really excited to try it
when i washed the mask off, i was so impressed.
i convinced my boyfriend to give it a try
i am excited to see the results with continued use
wasn't impressed by any
so at first i was skeptical because the product is expensive
when they told me this would help i was skeptical
im so happy i did.
so far, this treatment has not disappointed.
instead got trapped by one of the very anxious-to-be-helpful
i am so glad i did.
i am so glad she recommended it
i must admit i'm extremely impressed with what it's doing for my skin
he is very pleased with it.
i am so glad i took a chance on this primer
am very happy with the result
it impressed me so much that i went ahead
am still quite happy with it now that i've been using it for a month
was actually pretty surprised at how well it worked
i am so glad i did
i couldn't help being a bit disappointed in the claims
i am so happy that i did
was very happy with it
the syringe itself is something to excited about with every use as well
was very skeptical on purchasing this
was surprised after about 6 hours of wear
boy, am i glad i did!
either way i am impressed
try this out because you won't be disappointed
overall i was very satisfied with how it helped my dry skin
so i tried this and i was amazed at the results.
happy with this purchase
honestly when i first bought this i was a little skeptical
for a product with spf i'm happy with this product
they all irritated me
i wasn't that excited about it until i tried it for the first time
i am quite impressed with the results
so happy i found this one that does the job
still am loving the results
i am very happy with the results
i am very happy with the results.
boy was i amazed by the results
so happy with this murad step 2 !
after using this product i feel more confident
was skeptical that i'd notice a difference
was shocked to see the difference in the morning
was happy to see the same results
i am still in shock.
i am so happy with this eye cream!
i am so happy with the overall appearance of the skin around my eyes
have been really pleased with the results over the past two weeks
i am well pleased with what this does
so far i am very pleased
hoping for some good results!
bright-eyed" look i am so happy to see return
i truly am happy with the results.
i am amazed with the results
i am still shocked!
i just feel so grateful thank you so much kate somerville
at first i wasn't pleased with this product
i am very excited as my face may finally be able to go without foundation
i wasn't too hopeful given my experiences with other products
i am very happy with this product
i am so happy i found this.
i am extremely impressed
which i was pretty optimistic about the cream working at all
boy am i glad she did!
so happy to have found this!
i admit i was skeptical about this product
i've never been more pleased to be proven wrong
i am happy with how hydrating it is
based on the results within the last two weeks it's very easy to remain optimistic that using that this product will
excited about seeing improvements in my skin
so far i'm happy with the results
very pleased with this product!
the price of course made me skeptical
and i'm so glad i did!
i've never been so confident with my skin
'm excited to see what the next few weeks looks like with this
i am positively astounded by what my face looks like
i am always skeptical of reviews that say "omgg this is the best
you will not be disappointed.
has reacted so well to it
'm excited to see what it does in the next few months
i am really glad i did!
i am sincerely impressed with this retasphere
am happy to find one that works
i am so excited to share my review on this product
was very impressed with it
was upset i spent so much money
now being 2 months later i am so happy i decided to tough it out
glad i stuck with it.
was soooooo sad when it ran out
i've always been disappointed in the effect it has on my skin
'm not surprised that i love this product too
am so happy i did
this is one of the few products that has actually shocked me
i switched to this one and i've been very happy.
i am very satisfied so far
none of them have disappointed thus far.
im excited to see after a full month of use.
i am very satisfied
overall happy with the results.
was skeptical of this product when the nice man at sephora recommended it to me
a good product i'm happy to have found
i really am amazed.
i am so impressed!
i count myself very fortunate
i am confident that it is making a difference
'm not forever loyal
the price scared me, but i am in love with this.
you will be happy
am surprised to see so many reviews by people who have found it irritating
i am thankful i gave it a try.
he commented on how my eyes looked brighter
was very happy with the results
couldn't be more pleased
am very pleased with the results
i am pretty pleased with this
if i am slightly disappointed that the dark circles
so happy to have younger-looking eyes
overall i'm happy with this.
was amazed at the difference it made at first
really surprised and happy with the results
was excited to see if this helped the darkness
am unsure if i would repurchase though
pleased with this eye cream
yes i still satisfied with the hydrate it bring to under eye
i do see results and am very happy.
you will not be disappointed.
they have disappointed me
was excited to try this one
i am so happy she did
i am sad it took me so long to try it
i am happy with the product
it's a welcome relief in the evenings after work
so happy i've finally found a product that works!
my skin is happy!
those seeking quick fixes would not be impressed by this product
after being skeptical at first
you won't be disappointed!
so pleased with the results
so pleased i found it after spending an embarrassing amount of money in the past several years in search of the perfect eye cream
i am thrilled with the results.
was very impressed by how much better this was
happy with the product
so grateful to find this miracle cream
i told her i am 36 and she was shocked.
and i am so glad i did.
i am very impressed
i am happy with it
was very impressed when i noticed how hydrated
i am glad i did
i am very happy with this purchase!
i am so pleased with the way this product has consistently calmed my skin
i am seriously amazed at how soft my skin feels.
very sad about that.
this make me feel so happy
i am so happy i got this product.
i am consistently disappointed in products that claim to be "intense"
i am so glad for it
i am glad i gave this a try.
have to say i'm not disappointed
he was equally impressed
i am very pleased with their products.
very pleased with this moisturizer.
my winter skin is sooo thankful i ordered this.
i am very fair
i am really happy with this to add to my routine with boscia's tsubaki cleansing
i am happy to say i've found it
not terribly impressed by it.
i got lucky to see it as a 100 point reward
feel more confident going without foundation
i am very pleased with it, over all!
happy with the results so far.
'm happy with this product
so glad i found it
so far i am very pleased with this product.
that never disappointed me
for the most part i am satisfied with this product
i am surprised it did as much as it has
i am instantly relieved
was not nearly as impressed with them as my nars hydrating mask
so glad i tried this
so happy that i discovered this line of products!
my skin was angry
i couldn't be more pleased
happy with purchase - a little goes a long way!
i am glad i decided to switch to beauty oil
i could not be more impressed
i am afraid to use oils during the day
this beauty oil really impressed me.
have been left pretty skeptical
it's so refreshing to be surprised by effectiveness
was very apprehensive about trying it
i am glad i tried it
i cannot be more pleased.
i am seeing results
very happy with it.
instead i was thrilled that i loved it!
this had me worried
i am so impressed.
was expecting this to work
we are very happy with the purchase.
overall you will be pleased
was skeptical of the gel
then the day moisturizer with the spf 20 i was excited
i am really amazed at the difference this has made in my skin
was quite shocked to see how radiant my skin looked
so happy i did.
i am very pleased with it.
this product has delighted
this is one of the few products i'm truly impressed with
was skeptical of trying this out
i am so happy that i did
i just a bit confused
was just surprised at how good my skin looks
am totally impressed by its effectiveness
was anxious to try this
a bit apprehensive about the price
i am so glad they did
also disappointed because it is expensive
i am excited to keep using it
only applied twice and am quite impressed.
i am so amazed at how bright
have been very happy with them
have been happy with the results
i really liked it and am happy i got to try it.
wasimmediately impressed with the consistency of the moisturizer
was not disappointed with this
was really happy to receive it again
honestly i'm surprised how much i like it
was so excited to try this product
let me tell you, i was happily surprised!
am so happy i was selected
i am just bummed
am always nervous to try new moisturizers
the two together have made my face happy!!
was a bit hesitant at first
i am so grateful i was able to try this product it really is a good moisturizer
was super excited to give this a try
try it, you won’t be disappointed!
to my surprised it absorbed into the skin
was very excited when i received it in my influenster voxbox
so when influenster sent me this moisturizer for free in exchange for my honest review i was thrilled to try it
was a bit nervous to try this moisturizer
at first i was bit skeptical of trying out a new moisturizer
i am actually surprise
because of those experiences i was not thrilled about picking out another br
i am the most excited that this is actually good for the skin
hopeful i get some anti-aging benefit out of this too
i am very satisfied.
this is the first product that i've been 100% satisfied with
i am hoping to continue singing their praises as time goes by
optimistic enough to have already ordered my second bottle for my travel bag
i am very impressed with the results of my skin
make up stays all day i'm very happy :)
am excited to try those out as well
i am 26 so not a huge concerned
i am encouraging all of my friends to try it
i consider myself lucky to have found it
am excited to add this product to my regiment to keep me looking young as long as possible
having just turned 55 i'm happy to have a product that works so well
i am so pleased with this serum
i am excited to see future results
i am very pleased with this serum.
written because i am amazed by this serum
but i'm thrilled to have found algenist!
so far i am very pleased.
was amazed at the difference
i am pleased with the results.
i liked the results very much
i am impressed with the results.
very pleased with the 10-day sample
you won't be disappointed
this cream has really impressed me.
so happy i splurged with this- i love everything about this product
the results were amazing
unsure of how long this lasts me
i am so happy that i was given a sample of this product
i am so happy i found this!
so at first i was a bit skeptical about sleeping in a cream this thick
i've never been so satisfied
i am quite happy with it.
overall, i am very pleased.
the results were amazing
i am so happy i did.
i am so happy with the results
am glad to not have to
was skeptical about using an oil at first
and i'm telling you i was beyond amazed!
was really nervous about implementing this in my daily routine
after reading the reviews i was really excited to try it
i must say that i was apprehensive about buying this product
i am so pleasantly surprised at how well this oil works
my skin is just happy.
happy i did, will repurchase.
i am so happy sephora finally got this
was a bit nervous about using this product
i am thoroughly amazed at the results
i am always pleased with the results
perricone has never disappointed me when it comes to facial products
i am so glad i did
i am happy it prvides 30 spf
give it a try, you will be happy you did!
wow, i'm glad i did!
i am so glad i did.
that's a compliment i'm happy to accept
not disappointed so far!
was quite impressed with it
was lucky to try it for about 14 days
was so happy because i felt pretty without foundation for the first time in years
after just that one night was pretty amazed at the results
i am so happy with my skin right now!
was quite interested when i saw this among them
so far i've been happy with it
as far as i'm concerned
im never disappointed after using it
was super pleased with the results
you won't be disappointed
i am not easily impressed
i am so happy to have found this product
am now worried about crow's feet
i am thrilled with the results
i couldn't have been more excited
i am so pleased!
am hesitant to use this as a mask
was super excited to try this mask
was pleasantly surprised at the results
so far havent been disappointed
i am really impressed
so i am pretty happy with the result.
i am happy with the results everytime i use it.
was amazed how nice it was
such make me nervous
you will not be disappointed.
im so glad that they listened
not thrilled with pump
the results were amazing
am enjoying it so far
i am glad i did.
so far i am impressed
i am amazed with this company
i am very impressed that these products
was excited to try it
i am a bit skeptical about these 'all natural' formula
so be aware of that
after a couple of weeks of regular use i am thrilled with my skin
i am so happy i finally purchased this cleanser during the friends
a little surprised by the texture
was very much surprised to find only a light
obviously, so confused by the reviews...
expensive, but it makes me happy.
she was amazed at how wonderful my skin was.
'm so glad to have found this one
i am happy with the results plus it's a nice cooling roll on
when i first started using this i wasnt overly impressed it did seem to help decrease puffiness
this was recommended, and so glad i tried it.
this product has not irritated it at all
very happy with it
i am very glad i chose this!
am very happy with the ongoing results
my face is not happy if i skip an application.
i must say i am impressed
honestly i was very skeptical
part of me thinks that i will only be disappointed when comparing the two
asked my confused and sleepy boyfriend.
was shocked that this actually helped repair my acne
i am so glad i decided to try this one.
i got the generous
i am always skeptical of claims like this
it is a bit encouraging
thrilled to have found this product
although i wasn't too excited about trying it for a number of reasons i've really been impressed having just used it for about a week
so far i must admit i am loving this product
i am very impressed
i am so grateful i tried it
sad when it was gone
i am pleased with the results so far
i am amazed at how my skin responded so quickly to this oil
i am also concerned about smile lines and 11's.
i am very thankful to this product because i have stopped for a few weeks
not too disappointed either
i am amazed at this stuff.
happy with the results
people even complimented it at work
happy girl here and worth the money ✌️
i am extremely impressed with how amazing my sink looks
boy am i glad i listened
i am happy with it
this has reduced my oil so much i'm amazed.
my skin is so happy in the morning
i am fairly happy that it has evened out my skintone
i am quite impressed
i am so excited about this product.
people often are surprised to learn i'm 43
just kidding i was really wowed by this serum
at first i was kind of skeptical
while i was pleased with how soft my skin felt after application
have been really happy with it
overall i was happy with this product.
i am so glad i went with estee lauder.
positive things to say about this product
i am very pleased with this product!
very quickly, i saw results.
estée has not disappointed me yet!
i am glad i found this product
was very happy with it
i am excited to have found a cleanser that solves most of my skin problems
or you won't be happy with the results
i am so happy that i did
i am so happy i came back to this!
i am just glad i discovered this
am amazed at my skin
i promise you won't be disappointed
so was worried about this at first
if your curious to try it
was very happy with it
but so glad i did!
glad i gave this a try!
it is worth ever penny i promise u won't be disappointed
very happy with this product.
i will continue to buy this i'm really amazed.
was really skeptical of this
you will not be disappointed.
at first i was skeptical being that i have
i am quite impressed!
this bioretinoid left me speechless :-
am happy with the results
so far i'm very satisfied with the products performance
i am continuously amazed at the results i see
so glad i tried it.
wasn't impressed at all
i am liking this.
i am very pleased with this product
i am happy to vouch for it
i am so glad i did!
buy the small one if you are nervous.
after i wash it off i'm always happy with the results
the first few times i used this mask i wasn't too impressed
take the plunge you will not be disappointed
i seriously am in love with this product.
and i'm so glad i did!
so glad i found this product!
i am very impressed.
so i was nervous to try it.
i am very happy with the shiseido ibuki eye correcting cream
im excited to see the results over more time.
at first i was skeptical to try this product
" i was already shocked because i never thought of that
very glad i switched to this.
was confident i'd love this moisturizer
was skeptical whether this moisturizer would do anything for me since its so lightweight
happy to have done so
very pleased with the results!
i am very impressed
even my dermatologist was impressed with my skin after i had been using it for a while
it has been hard work to keep my skin happy
i am happy to say that the ibuki moisturizer has helped
very happy with this moisturizer
i am very surprised with other reviews that say this has a strong scent
so glad i did!
frustrated when i found these products
i am very surprised by this moisturizer.
i am so happy i found this product
i couldn't be more impressed with the product
the effect these have had on my skin make me so happy
honestly i am amazed how wonderful it worked
i am pleased with this product.
was impressed enough to buy the full size despite the itching/burning
by the second day i felt confident going out without foundation
i can be confident again!
i am quite surprised by the results of one use
i am so happy with my perfect skin!
very impressed with those results.
so far i'm happy enough with the results to deal with it
was skeptical since it is $40
we were very impressed
surprised that it worked so well
now that i've been using these pads i'm so happy
so all in all i'm satisfied with the product.
by morning i am good to go
i am very happy with this product.
am so glad i did
i am so happy with it
i love this product, and i'm so glad i tried it.
am disappointed to report the exfoliating properties were not there in the small size
i am very passionate about my skin care now
am happy to say i have found just that
was excited since i'd seen it on r29
i am happy with this product
after reading the reviews i was worried i was going to hate this
i am so glad i did
the first time i smelled it i was skeptical
let me tell you i am satisfied with its results
was amazed how wonderful my skin looked
so glad sephora is carrying this line!!
was excited to finally get verso after reading about it overseas
i', convinced my skin glowing because of it.
glad i started with this product.
thrilled to see sephora carrying this line now!
t's not in my overly optimistic head
i sad this on joyus
i am genuinely shocked this is not rated 5 stars.
makes me feel in my twenties(happy face:)
always to be disappointed by its promises
i am so impressed and happy with the results.
am excited to try other verso products
i am already seeing results
so was very glad when i found this one
i am so glad that i tried this one.
order it, you will not be disappointed.
my aesthetician has been amazed by the results
if you're skeptical about it please try a sample.
my skin is happier
so i'm happy to continue being generous with it.
slightly disappointed because the way this product is marketed
i am feeling more confident about leaving the house barefaced
this one i'm really impressed with
after trying so many other products i was so happy to find resurgence
thus far i am really pleased with this
so thankful for this cleanser.
really happy with this product!
i wasn't as satisfied
i m really satisfied with the product
i am relieved of flaky skin without added oilyness
was surprised by how well it exfoliated
i am pleased with the results.
wasn't super excited about it
now i am excited about it
i promise that you will not be disappointed!
was suprised with the outcome
i really wasn't that excited about this mask
was very pleased with it
went into using it with a skeptical approach
i wasn't impressed the first time because i only had it on for like 10 minutes
very happy with this product.
i liked the foaminess of the ibuki
have had very positive results
impressed to say the least!
however i wasn't wowed by it
i could not be more happy with it
i continue to be very pleased with my purchase
this really surprised me in helping my acne marks
excited to wash my face
am still very pleased
was thrilled to see the increase in radiance
was a bit skeptical about this one since kate somerville is a "clinical" br
excited to check out the rest of the line!
for that i am grateful i tried it.
my skin was not happy with me
my skin is so grateful for it!
so glad i finally tried this.
was a tad skeptical of it
this does not upset it
i am lucky to have only a few very fine lines under my eyes
i am very glad that i did.
couldn't be more pleased.
you will not be disappointed!
was really concerned about the damage
i am so happy that i found this cream!!
my skin is so happy.
definitely happy about finding this product!
nothing really worked or impressed me
one that i was unsure how to combat
this i was hesitant because my skin was clear
this hasn't upset it at all
was skeptical to try this
come day three i was amazed at the results
i am rarely amazed by something
so happy i found this.
it was very upsetting to me
the texture of the product was surprising because it wasn't what i was expecting
was very happy with it
was surprised to discover it does not react with my skin
so my skin was not happy
was thrilled to start using this just around the eyes
it is nothing that i am concerned about
i feel confident without makeup now!!
very happy with this purchase
am extremely happy with how my skin looks
won't let you disappointed
i am forever grateful i took that advice
glad i tried this
just a little unhappy about the size to price ratio
i am so impressed with this product.
i am happy with the result
and boy, i'm glad i did!
two very happy thumbs up!
immediately it felt refreshing!!!
wow am i happy
which is a welcome surprise
wasn't too happy with them
i am super excited to say that it's actually as good
i am very upset that i have to return it due to the heavy perfume smell
trying this product made me a little nervous of breakouts
am unsure if i will repurchase
i tried it and was so shocked by the results!!
i've never really been impressed with one
but i'm very pleased with this eye cream.
invest in this you won't be disappointed.
it's quite pricey which is sad
was suitably impressed enough to go for the full size product
wow was i impressed when i did
after a few weeks of use i am extremely pleased with the results of this product
yes i was happy to see some improvement from my dry
so far i am very pleased with it.
so glad i tried it!
lots of people commented on it.
which made me happy
am confident enough to say this has really improved my skin
so far i am very happy with it
when i'm stressed or tired at work
i am happy with this eyes cream
leaves my skin feeling happy -- not stripped at all
it evened out my skin tone so much in one night that i am amazed
i am really impressed.
i am very pleased with this cleanser
well, i'm so glad i did!
i've never been this happy with a cleanser before
this has convinced me that boscia is amazing
i would be happy
my skin is a happy camper
was impressed on how my skin looked afterwards
have been pleased with this cleanser over the course of about 5 months
quite happy with results
i didn't expect to be so amazed by this mask.
im very cautious of the products i put on my face
it was not irritated at all
very happy with this product.
not feeling 100% happy with the pricing for the results
very pleased with it so far.
i am so happy with the overall results
very happy with this product
i am very happy with this purchase!
was worried it wouldn't work
i am extremely happy with this moisturizer.
i am happy i invested in this product.
so far i am pretty happy with my free eye cream
i am so happy i did
absolutely pleased with only a few uses.
i am very glad i did
have been really impressed
am so happy i did
well i am now!!
without ever being overwhelmed by the product
so glad i did.
for now, i'm loving it and glad i tried it!
was concerned this would not help me
i must say that i am very impressed with it
though i felt satisfied with my previous night time system
i am more that pleased with results
was amazed at how quickly it worked
boy am i thankful that i did
have never been disappointed
now that was very successful!
and my skin is thankful for it.
am very happy with this product.
'm very happy with this mask :
was surprised that this product made a difference at all
very happy with this purchase.
very happy about this product
not that impressed at first
was super impressed by the way it felt afterwards
i'd still be happy using this ongoing
was delighted to get this in a sephora play box a month or two ago
glad i ordered it!
im so sad it wasted
was really excited to try it
i got this as a sample and i'm so happy i did.
i am glad to have tried this out
so was happy to c it in july's play
since i am so satisfied with this product i am putting it on my husb
i am so happy i did
i am so happy with the results!!!
try it and you will be amazed.
that i was amazed
i just got unhappy with drug store items not doing the job
so i was nervous about breakouts.
my face was happy, and filed no complain.
was amazed how thick
was excited to try this sleeping mask
commented that my skin is looking much evener
was shocked to notice the difference
when i do i am always amazed at the difference
my eyes are happy afterwards, but not super rich.
this is the only one that i was satisfied with
very happy with this eye cream.
so happy with this product.
i am really happy with it
i am so glad i did
you won't be disappointed.
i am so happy to have stumbled upon these.
i feel so much more confident now
there is nothing disappointing about it
very happy with this product!
so so happy to have found this
so sad and disappointed each time.
so happy i got the sample.
you won't be disappointed!
i am very impressed with this product.
i am very happy with the results
i am truly greatful to have tried this product
putting it on i was skeptical
was very pleased that i had done so
made my skin so freaking happy by morning
was hesitant to use this product as i was afraid it would not be beneficial to me
i am not half as impressed with the regular premier cru
i am enjoying this one
i am so happy i found this product.
you won't be disappointed
if you are hesitant
was very happy with the results after a few days
i am really happy with this as a night cream
they were surprised at my age.
was impressed after the first use
was sooo happy to get this as a bonus sample item from sephora to try
i am so glad i did!
i too am disappointed that this balls up on your skin
i think you'll be very pleased with this
which makes me very happy
so far i'm very happy with it.
very pleased with this purchase.
was shocked at how good it was at removing makeup
was interested to see how this compared
i am confident i am now removing all makeup
was pleasantly surprised when not only did it leave my skin feeling clean
was surprised it was so light
at first i was skeptical about it
so glad i tried it!
i've tried so many lifting firming creams only to be disappointed
not impressed as i am with all other origin products which i love
was very happy with the results
very happy with this!
i decided since i was so pleased with it that it was worth investing the money in
am shocked by how amazing my skin looked
one happy very satisfied customer
i am so pleased with this moisturizer.
my skin was sooo unhappy
i normally don't get very excited or impressed with masks i have tried
it made me happy.
boy, was i surprised when i tried this stuff.
was never satisfied with the results
so far am super happy with it
this mask intrigued me
i am rarely wowed but boy is this mask amazing.
am loving the results as well
i am glad she did
i am so glad i was shown the new mask
overall i am happy with it.
i am extremely happy with this product.
purchase this item, you won't be disappointed.
was very hesitant to buy it
iam very pleased with this purchase.
highly impressed with this moisturizer.
super happy i found replacement.
i am so glad that i did
was a bit skeptical when the sephora employee gave me a sample of this
i feel way more confident now without makeup
was hesitant to buy because of the price
was so pleasantly surprised by how much i love it
happy to have found it!
very satisfied with the product first time using it
after purchasing the product i was still amazed at how well it depuffs
so thankful i did
after trying it i am super impressed.
i am happy tgey included this product.
was not interested in it
commented on how much i was glowing
pricey but never disappointed.
i actually get excited when i get ready to use it
sorry not sorry for tmi
algenist really should be proud
i am so glad i decided to purchase this.
irritated in the morning
i couldn't be more pleased with it
residue free happy skin
love this product...pleasantly surprised!
i've never been disappointed with anything i've ever tried from ren
was expecting to like this
you'll be amazed at the results
was surprised with the results
was very hopeful about this one after reading up on it
i am super happy i exchanged it for this mask
i am so happy!
this product makes me feel confident that if i keep using it
very happy with this purchase!
not been impressed with most
i am so happy i tried one more
overall very satisfied with this cleanser :)
'm well aware of the amount used in this product
i am very happy with this cleanser.
this is why i really was skeptical of this product before using
i am so excited and glad it's a huge bottle!
feel excited to wash my face every morning
was so excited to try this mask because i am already using the age arrest eye
at first was skeptical as it didnt look like i did anything to my face
happy when i got home
and i was instantly disappointed.
while i was very skeptical
then you will be disappointed
'm hopeful that perricone will listen
i am so glad to see sephora has a $20 trial size to try
i am quite fair
i liked this product.
overall, i'm satisfied with the product.
i am very pleased with this product.
i am not disappointed.
this eye cream impressed me
its expensive, but i'm very happy with it.
i am really satisfied with results
i am very pleased with this cream.
am impressed with its hydration
however, i'm glad i did.
after about three weeks can tell a diff in the fine lines so am very impressed
very happy with it.
after trying lots of eye cream products im very happy the sales/beauty consultant recommended this one
was initially worried this would be irritating --
i liked this product
being skeptical i tried it and i have to say.
i am surprised there are so many bad reviews of this product
i am so glad i did
you will be amazed how many are there
was so shocked to log on
i tried these and i was amazed!
was excited to try these
my husband was a bit worried!
'm glad i'm not the only one
i am hesitant to purchase again because of it.
this one surprised me
angry at the change of the wind
i am very happy with my purchase
enough to feel happy with it
even my husband was shocked!
i am so happy sephora gives samples.
i am a strong believer in glamglow products
am not surprised at the results i've seen with this product
if you're skeptical about the product
i am very pleased with this purchase after only one use
i am truly stunned at the results
satisfied that my face was clean
test it out you won't be disappointed.
am happy with it so far
i am shocked that less than a week i can already see all of my eyelids
i am shocked at the difference within a week
very happy with this purchase.
this has been a welcome surprise as it really does work
'm so excited to get it in the mail
so happy i spent my allowance on this!
i totally get it which is why i was hesitant to purchase it
was not seeing results
i am very impressed with this product.
even he was amazed
i am excited to see what this product does after a few months of use
there are not very many products that get me as excited as i get about this product
so do not be alarmed
while i enjoyed the feel
i liked the glamglow one
i am so happy i decided to pick this up.
i am very impressed upon my first use of this product
convinced myself i had to buy it
so glad i did!
man i was expecting to like it
eager to share my secret
it does have a strong scent that at first i was unsure of
i am just too impressed not to write one
i’m so glad i did
am already seeing results
this cream surprised me
glad i got it.
so this was an investment that i knew i was going to be happy with
i am very happy with my purchase.
my skin is happy
very hopeful the new cream is as fabulous as this
i am truly astonished.
surprisingly i was impressed with the results.
i am happy with the experience i had with the travel size sample
i wasn't immediately amazed by this product.
so very happy to have it
when i first tried this, i was underwhelmed.
which i was very happy about
something i'm not very happy with
i am so happy i tried it.
i am happy to report i have had no skin irritation
am so happy to have a skin care product for the long run
i am so glad i did
i must say i'm both surprised this product isn’t more popular
that makes me sad
i am so excited to add another positive review for this cleansing oil
am i ever glad that i did!
at first i was apprehensive to purchase because of my sensitive skin that breaks out just looking at it
i am very happy with the results
am never satisfied due to one thing or another
the associate seemed really excited about this product
i am not disappointed
i am truly amazed at the effect it has had in only a week of use
was intrigued by this
i am so glad i did
very impressed with the korres black pine day cream
if you are hesitant
although i am satisfied with what i use from korres i was still curious about this black pine cream
the results were amazing
i am so grateful
happy to report on a great product.
i am incredibly happy with the results
be thankful fate brought you here
i am loving the results so far
very impressed and will continue to purchase!
was shocked by the results
was thrilled with the results
well was i surprised!
you will be amazed
i got lucky and it loves my skin.
i am grateful for this product.
i wasn't expecting to see results
was surprised at how my aging skin looked firmer
i am bothered by strong fragrance
which i was thankful for
i am bummed i love this so much as it is $$.
so glad i tried it
so glad i have it now!
was skeptical at first
if you use ultimune as a moisturizer you're going to be disappointed
i still liked it
bought the full bottle and so happy i did.
i am so pleasantly surprised by how much i like this mask
left my skin happy upon application
happy the next morning
was pleasantly surprised to find it lived up to every bit of its promise
happy with the purchase.
wow i am so impressed.
instantly relieved my pain
a lucky find for me.
feel very comfortable stating that it is
was skeptical since this is an oil based cleanser
i am confident that this is perfect for me
was surprised at its size
was really happy to see it as a choice for this kit
i am so glad that i did!
'm skeptical of a lot of cleansers
was a little concerned that this product was not for me
very happy with it!
i couldnt be more happy with it
so, i was skeptical.
has not irritated me at all!
i am so amazed by this.
i am so happy that i did.
so much makeup came off i was disgusted
:o i was so happy!
in case you were curious about how this product works
citrusy that i feel so happy when i use it
was scared to try this
really happy with it
i am so happy i did
was very much impressed with how dewy
soooo happy i was given a sample
i couldn't be more impressed
i can be more happy with a product.
i liked this product.
i am so glad that i started
i am so very happy she did
it looked like it energized my face.
you will not be disappointed if you have combo skin like mine
i am eager to try other products from this line.
could not be anymore pleased
so sad sephora took it off the shelves
people have been amazed
was a bit skeptical on if this would even work
so happy with it.
have been quite happy with most
i don't get impressed so easily
i am very hard to impress
really happy that this has finally launched!!!!!
i am so thankful i found this product.
i am so grateful!
happy to report this did not cause breakouts
my skin was happy after using this
that is how impressed i am by this mask
was surprised to get so much use out of it
i am extremely happy i went with this product
i am really really happy with the results
so pleasantly surprised with how well
so glad i did!
am happy to say it removes all of my makeup
so to see it's back i'm so excited
my skin is very selective so when i picked this up i was excited
i am just so happy i tried this product
i am pleased to report that it didn't over dry my skin
was amazed by how much i liked it
so glad i got it!
happy i found this one
i am curious to see if i can use it in the winter though
i am happy i did because after one week of using this product i noticed that my sling is more radiant
but overall, i am extremely happy with it.
wow i'm so happy with this cleanser!!!
try it out, you won't be disappointed!
this cleanser surprised me so much!
was afraid to try it
i am so pleased!
i am very impressed with this product as it is very moisturizing
was skeptical when i first applied the product
i am very impressed with how it makes my skin feel
at first was very hesitant to use it
this one definitely left me speechless
super disappointing for sure
was pleased with the results after leaving the mask on overnight
i am considering getting it
i must say i'm impressed
although i am stressed
was initially surprised at how small it actually was
the results were amazing
am really thrilled with the results
seriously so thrilled with this product
very happy with this.
was initially surprised at how small it actually was
am so happy with the results
it was very happy i did
am quite skeptical about using new products
the results i personally saw
i just used this and i'm thrilled!
beyond to make me a happy customer
was pretty excited after reading reviews
overall very happy with all ren products i have used so far
haven't been really happy with the finish of my foundation
i imagine someone with firmness concerns would be very satisfied with this
i ended up buying the full size after being impressed
boy was i impressed.
really shocked when i saw a difference in days
i'll be forever thankful for how it made my winter-shocked skin normal again
was not as pleased
super happy with this purchase
am so glad that i did
i am so pleased with this product that it has become a staple that i will not be without as it truly does it all
am glad i decided to pick this up
i am beyond happy with this product!
i am super impressed
at first i was skeptical but it really does work.
was super excited to try it
'm very happy with it
i am really enjoying this.
was expecting a lot with the raving reviews
was amazed after trying it
i am surprised to see how much dirt i still have on my face
was impressed enough to by the full size
i am pretty impressed with this product.
was excited to try this
am so happy i tried it as i'm now on my 2nd jar
i am happy though overall!
was thrilled with the results
i couldn't be more pleased
feel amazed after washing my face in the morning.
i am very happy
im amazed by how i look since i been using this i'm 37
am so glad i did
no harsh ingredients skin is happy
unsure if it is making me look younger
i am very impressed with these products
i am very pleased with this product
i am sooo excited when i am writing this review.
i am impressed with it every time
that makes me really happy
excited to see long term results
very disappointed at the jar packaging.
making me more confident to have those lazy days.
so far i am amazed
i am overwhelmed with how fantastic my skin looks
i liked the product!
so far i am happy, its been a few days.
when i first put it on i was skeptical
he is happy with it fwiw
i am amazed at this product.
but i've been amazingly pleased.
however i am amazed at the immediate results of this cream
i am very satisfied.
overall i am quite satisfied with my purchase
as far as i am concerned
im excited now to use a cleanser that works well with it
i must have had it confused with another br
so proud to say using this in my skin care routine has changed my face in so many ways
i am so glad i made this investment.
bought this on a whim and im so happy that i did!
yes, i am an enthusiastic washer, but really?
i am so glad i tried it out
rather pleased with the results
overall i was really pleased with it
i am so happy i found this cleanser.
some people are expecting like
im so happy i did
i finally feel confident enough to not wear makeup
so glad i got it
so happy i found this!
was really hesitant to buy this because of the price
i am so happy i took the chance
you might be pleasantly surprised
am excited to be using it again
i am so happy with this cleanser feels clean
i am happy i can look past it
like i said i am happy i didn't miss trying it based on the scent
pleasantly surprised and would buy again.
torn cuticles were very grateful to this product.
was unsure how i would like this oil
i am so glad i moved on to this one.
so pleased with the tata harper brand.
otherwise i'm really happy with it
was amazed with the results
i am very happy that i discovered this
i am really impressed with th products.
i couldn't be more happy.
i really wanted to be wowed by this cleanser
i am all ready impressed
gives me a happy feeling
i've never been more pleased with a moisturizer.
you won't be disappointed
glad i made this purchase.
was afraid of breaking out
very impressed with the results, would recommend.
when i used it, i was shocked!
but i am very happy that i tried it.
for the price and need i'm satisfied.
so happy with the results of my upper lids!
have been so pleasantly surprised
was impressed with the results
was hesitant for the eye cream
was pleased how easily all my makeup
i am so happy with this product.
i am so glad i tried it
i am so happy to have had this in my play box!!
this is actually the first cleansing oil that can really impressed me
was intrigued by all of the positive reviews
at first i was pretty skeptical on getting this
which impressed me because i wear a pretty heavy full face of makeup almost every day
i liked it though
i am happy with my purchase.
i am really pleased with the oil
haven't been impressed with any of them until now
i am surprised that this product actually made my skin so smooth
you will not be disappointed
i am so happy to have found products that really work for my sensitive skin
was really impressed by how much of a difference they made
my skin is super happy
i swear after the first use of both products i was amazed at the difference
i am so happy to have found one that my skin likes
i am floored at the results
seeing the price at first made me a little skeptical about buying it
so wasn't surprised by this
glad i decided to buy!
was a little hesitant due to price
i am very glad i was able to add this to my nighttime routine
i am so impressed!
i am always skeptical of overly hyped products.
i am so excited to see what comes out next in de
the results were amazing
really, really happy with this.
i am very happy!!!
for now this lady is very pleased
while i liked the results
i'll start by saying i am so glad to have found such an amazing br
initially wasn't thrilled about the price of this product
i liked the murad line
so far i'm impressed enough that i'm not running back to the fresh cleanser
i am very impressed.
my skin has never been so happy!
i am so surprised people have experienced dry skin with this
wasn't thrilled at the thought
you will be amazed
i am actually very surprised!!!
i've never been so excited to wash my face every night
i am so happy with the results so far
so grateful for de!
just haven't been happy with them
i am so happy i chose the pekee bar!
this keeps my normally unhappy skin on the happier side
was convinced to give it a try
am really happy with it
i am so glad i did
after being frustrated with never finding my go to product
makes my skin happy
i am so happy i had a chance to meet the rep in sephora a few weeks ago
i will admit that i was also very skeptical about using a bar on my face like many others
my skin has never been so happy!
am very pleased with drunk elephant's cohesive br
you won't be disappointed.
was intrigued with this due to all of the positive reviews
pretty confused when i first used it
i've never been so excited to wash my face every morning
i am so happy with the results so far
so grateful for de!
so glad that i found this product
so happy i tried this.
i can confidently say i'm very impressed with this br
i am so glad i did.
i am so happy with the juju bar that i am considering to try the entire line
excited to see more improvement with continued use
pleased that i did it fits perfectly in the palms of my h
i am so glad i did
in this case i am glad i did
i am no less than extremely impressed by drunk elephant products
im glad that i did
am very leery of using new products on my face
friends will be so happy you shared with them
be amazed at the results
have been pleased with the results
i am happy i did
thankful for this oil
i am very happy with these products!
am so glad i did
this has never irritated me
overall very happy with this oil
well, this product shocked me -- in the best way.
am really happy with how my skin looks already
am so glad i did
was excited to try it because that was my first time trying anything from caudalie
while i never felt very impressed by it
a bit sad that it is out of stock
was impressed with how it managed to gently remove all of my makeup
i am really happy with this purchase.
i am so happy with this product!
i couldn't be more happy i did
so happy i finally switched things up.
was surprisingly impressed with how well it works
so impressed with this product!
i am so glad i was introduced to this line
overall, i am very impressed with this product!
i am so stoked to finally try this product out
so far i'm very happy with this purchase
this works for me i'm happy i made the purchase
though some were disappointed
was very excited to try it
as soon as i tried it i was thrilled with how well it works
was quite excited to try this as a sample
but this defiantly surprised me!
i actually expected to be disappointed
thank you team benefit.
i am always hesitant to branch out
i just received and was excited to try it.
i am so glad i tried it!
acne prone skin i was pleased that it did not cause issues
overall, very very very happy.
was so happy with the way it helped my skin
i am so thankful to have found this serum
not looking back from this lucky find!
am very pleased with my wake-up glow
also thank you origins for thinking about the concerned 20 year olds
very impressed with all of the origins line.
am very pleased with the smoothing of lines
have never been disappointed
very happy with this as well as the entire ptr mask line
and this one really surprised me!
i did not think i would be happy with this because of negative reviews
that kept me motivated.
so glad i tried this!
angry looking right after i use it
very happy with the results.
excited to see the progress after a few weeks
this has never irritated it
so amazed with this mask
my skin is so happy
happy to say this mask did not disappoint.
i could not be more overjoyed
i am never really satisfied
i am so happy i did
so happy i did
i still was impressed
hopefully i see some positive
when i finally tried it i wasn't very impressed with the imediate results
am hesitant to try products like this
honestly i wasn't that impressed until i tried the black
i am very pleased!
this really wowed me
i realized i wasn't satisfied with the results
i am truly amazed by the difference i see after using this product
have never been so happy with one particular product
i am not disappointed
i am so happy with this!
was fairly confident this eye cream would be great
i am satisfied with this product
i like the way this feels on my skin though i'm still a bit baffled by the 'caviar-like' beads
this morning i was truly impressed with the results--i hardly have to put any concealer on
so not too impressed really
am really enjoying it
was surprised by the results
i am very happy with the current results
i am so glad she did.
am so happy i ignored them
i am forever grateful.
very happy with this cleanser
was pleased with how big it was
i am so glad i did
tired stressed looking day yet
with continued use i was happy to discover no break outs
i am so glad i did.
am so pleased with the results
so pleased with this product i am ordering another bottle
which i also liked
i am very impressed!!
i am a happy medium between a bargain shopper
i am so glad that i did
overall i am very happy with this product!
overall i am not disappointed!
happy when it did just that
i couldn't be more thrilled with this product
i don't get many blemishes ever which i am of course very thankful for
i am glad i did
curious about the other glamglow products!
once it arrived i was anxious to try it
that i felt compelled to
i am really impressed with this brand.
you will not be disappointed
overall i am pleased with this product.
feel happy when i use this
will last a long time which i am very happy about
i am so amazed at this product
all in all, i am very happy with it!
was disappointed with even the extremely expensive br
i am so glad i found this product.
this cream makes my skin happy :)
combined with their oil has me very impressed
'm always skeptical of trying new things on my face
so excited about it!
made me too embarrassed to be seen by other people
after two weeks i'm extremely impressed with the difference in my skin
i am so glad i did
i am getting compliments!
after the first use i was amazed
now it just looks happy
am beyond happy with this product
was happy to have found this one
was excited to try it
i am so glad i did some research
glad i started using this cleanser
it's made my skin so happy!
my skin is very happy
i am glad i listened and bought.
but so far i am impressed with this product :)
my skin is not happy about being washed 2x a day.
i am so pleased with this product it has made my skin very healthy
this one surprised me by how much i like it
i am super impressed
i am extremely impressed.
yet still look amazing
give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
i am very pleased with how smooth it applies because my primer
i am so glad i gave it a try
i am so unhappy with the cost
i am so unhappy with my skin in the 5 days since i stopped using it
the price is so sad
i love the results i am seeing
this worked for me and i'm thrilled!!!
i am not sorry
after a week of use i am getting results that make me happy i splurged
am so happy i did
so i ponied up and am glad i did.
i am so grateful to algenist
i am so ecstatic with the results i've seen
i continue to be pleased
i am extremely pleased with the reduction in the old hyperpigmentation on my face
so happy i tired this!
not happy about the price
every morning i'm excited to look in the mirror
i am shocked at how effective this is.
so far after one week i'm happy
a shame that others aren't happy with it
i am shocked that it actually does brighten
was instantly curious to try it out
felt how great my skin was i was really impressed
was disappointed when it ran out
am still pleasantly surprised with the results
cannot tell you how happy i am to find this.
very happy with this product!
i am so happy i decided to splurge
you will not be disappointed.
wow glad i did
so happy with this product
day 5 on this, and i'm amazed by the results.
was skeptical that this would work for me
i am excited to see what this product does for my pores
i wasn't pleased with the ingredients list
was excited to try this out
was amazed at how smooth
i am so grateful i was turned into this product
very impressed by this product
you won't be disappointed
i am so impressed by this combo!
i am very satisfied with this product
super happy that i did!
have been disappointed in the results
only when a product has surprised me with performance
so glad i tried visionnaire
was a little disappointed in the size of the package for the price
if i continue to be happy with it
am i ever glad i did
with only five reviews i was apprehensive to try this product
i am so excited to watch my results bloom!
was amazed at how smooth my under eyes looked
very pleased to see an almost immediate reduction in my wrinkles
so far i am very happy with this!
i am amazed with the results.
very happy with this product as my pm eye cream
wow am i happy i kept using it
therefore i was so happy to discover this product
so far i am enjoying this product.
am thrilled to add this to my nightly beauty routine
i am happy with this product
you won't be disappointed.
thrilled i can still get it
overall satisfied with this product
very impressed by it so will order serum
i am so glad i found this one.
i get 2 hours sleep if i am lucky
it has truly changed my skin i'm so happy
pick this up, i'm sure glad i did!
ok first i was hesitant to use this oil because of the price
was pleasantly surprised to find that it actually calmed my skin
it has impressed me with the results as well
so far i am amazed, though!
i am pretty confident i could live without this product
we all were so surprised.
i am really impressed with sr products.
although i was annoyed with the blemishes i did like that i could tell the product was working
it was such a disappointment
the price point made me nervous
i don't think you'll be disappointed
you'll wake up in the morning ecstatic about your skin
it completely shocked me the next morning
have been amazed since day 1
im sooooo happy i did
so far i am satisfied
very pleased with this product
am quite pleased with the results so far
words can not describe how thrilled i am that i tried this customized serum
both of which have left my skin in a state that i am not happy with
am beyond happy to say that after about 2 weeks my rosacea
i am a huge supporter of this
my skin has responded quite well
very happy with this product
i would be cautious
my daughter commented yesterday on pretty my skin was looking
i am very impressed with this product!
i am so glad that i had invested in this product.
i am so so thankful to have tried it
after a month of using this product i am so happy
i am so glad i did!
so far i am impressed
not exactly thrilled about the price
i am very fair
wasn't excited to try this
my only disappointment is that i paid 80
you won't be disappointed!
am happy with this product
i am super pleased with the results
i decided to buy it and am very pleased.
you won't be disappointed
was so excited to try it
am fairly happy with it
i woke up amazed.
i think some people are confused
am very happy with the results
very happy this was recommended to me.
super happy with this, will repurchase!
this was the first time i've ever felt confident all day long
at first i was appalled at $30 for 2 oz
this really excited me as this was my main goal.
i am so pleased with this
so glad i found it.
yes i was a little disappointed
i really feel compelled to share because i'm so satisfied with this product
the results were amazing
to say i'm thrilled is an understatement.
so glad i found this product.
so happy to have found this product!
i am so very happy!
and i am so thankful i found this moisturizer.
it has not irritated me
highly impressed with this cream.
'm glad this will last me a while
you won't be disappointed
i am happy with this product.
im so glad i gave this a try!
i liked this product
i am beyond ecstatic to find this moisturizer!
i seriously freaked out
i am very impressed because i live in the desert
at first i was very apprehensive of trying something so that felt very watery
i am so happy with it
i am so glad i did!
am so happy with this one
so glad sephora carries it
this moisturizer makes me so happy!!!
seemed i was never fully happy with the one i was using
you won't be disappointed!
so glad the salesperson at sephora recommended this
so so thrilled i gave this a shot.
i am pretty loyal
the results were amazing
i've never been happy with my skin until now
after reading everyone's complaints i was a little disappointed it didn't peel off that well
i am also extremely happy with the amount of product for the price
i decided to order it and i am so glad i did.
was rather horrified at the process
am very happy with the results
am so grateful to have found it
give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
i am so happy.
you will be amazed
i am so glad i found it.
since using this i am so comfortable
very few products get me excited enough to write about
never really been happy with any of them
for some who concerned about the bht
colleagues asked if i'd been on vacation or was happy
not appalled enough to overlook the results i got from this product
i am amazed at the difference this makes to my dry
the results were amazing
you will not be disappointed!
provide results everyone will be happy with
i've never been so confident in my own skin
am so glad i gave it a go
overall very satisfied with this new cleanser
when they actually get excited about a product
overall i was really impressed with this version.
i am very pleased with this oil
was so pleased that i just purchased the full size
you won't be dissapointed
if anyone is curious
am so happy with it
was eager to try this one
i am very happy she did
was hesitant to purchase it
i am very happy with this product
the reason i'm bummed is the high price
over all i am impressed with this product
i've gone through many products that always left me disappointed-
needless to say i was very skeptical
i am pleased at how non-irritating it is
one that i've been adamant about
says she's not surprised by results
never really have been satisfied
i am really enjoying this product.
so happy with the whole renergie line.
100% happy with my money spent.
overall the product surprised me it made my skin nice
so glad i found this!
boy am i glad i did
very pleasantly surprised that it did the exact opposite
was very happy with it as well
you will not be disappointed ;-)
nothing to get excited over
i am so happy with this product.
happy with every one and saving lots of money!
super happy using this cleanser
i am so impressed with this product!!!
i am so glad i gave this a try!
i am very happy with this
so happy to have this in my life now :)
am so surprised at how great this oil is
i can't say how thrilled i am with this product's performance --
i wasn't very optimistic
was really skeptical about using an oil on my face
bummed that this is so pricey
after because the results are amazing
i am sooo glad i did
i am thrilled that i made this purchase!
you will not be disappointed.
'm familiar with the feeling
only one use and im amazed
i am so happy with this product.
it really surprised me.
i am amazed with what it did for you.
while i liked it
i get very excited
i am glad i said yes
i hope this was helpful
i am so happy i came across this
i am impress of how well it works
i am thrilled with this product!
so happy with this!
was very happy to try the sample i got
definitely impressed thus far.
try it out you won't be disappointed it's a great product to have
i really like this mask and i was skeptical.
i am so surprised
wasn't excited about it
when it came out of the tube i got even less excited for some reason
was happy about that
could not be more pleased with the results
my skin is so happy i love it!!
am very pleased with the results it gives
i've got to say i'm impressed with this product
the first time i used it, i was not impressed.
i am very satisfied with the result.
i am so thrilled!
really happy with the results!
i am very upset that sephora is starting to discontinue this line
i am so happy with this product.
other than that i'm satisfied!
overall i liked the product.
very refreshing - i am holding on to this one!
was happy with it until i noticed it was drying my skin out
i am so glad i did
i am so happy i did
however i was so pleased with my first use
i liked the one by tatcha
they all seemed satisfied
was convinced to give it a try
i really am glad i did
very pleased with this purchase
at first i was skeptical
i am not disappointed.
i am so glad i switched.
i am very pleased with the results!
this really surprised me
happy with this purchase.
i am very thankful for this product
my skin looks so clear -- i am so happy
was very pleased with how clean
totally happy with this purchase!
so excited that i used as soon as i got home.
was surprised at how smooth my skin felt
we are very happy together
am glad that i did
haven't been disappointed yet
disappointed that it is sold out online right now
i am super glad i did
this is a great product for those days when my skin is upset
this is the first moisturizer that i'm happy about
was intrigued by the texture
was skeptical of this h
am so happy with the results
i feel confident enough to wear this alone-no foundation needed
im so happy to go back to this product.
i am sorry i waited so long
i've never been impressed with any face masks i have used
am i glad i did
'm excited to see what more use will do
am confident this is working towards that
i've realized that if you are generous
overall, i'm very happy with this purchase.
we're shocked to hear i had no make up on
definitely happy i got this!
this of which honestly surprised me after just one use
i am just so upset that i waited so long
was very pleasantly surprised by how much brighter my complexion became after the break out cleared up
i must say, i was pleasantly surprised by this!
i am so glad i did
you'll be very happy with this product
was skeptical of "brightening" claims
i am super impressed
well, i am happy to say i was completely wrong.
very pleased with this product
if it only softened my skin, i'd be happy.
i am most impressed with the texture change though
was concerned that it would be harsh
am so glad i splurged
was pleasantly surprised by the results of this mask after only one use
very pleased with the results and ease of use.
i only had a sample of this-i really am excited to go back
i am impressed so far
there are few that i feel amazed by
i am so grateful to sephora for designing this gentle formula
i am always amazed by the results of it
i am very happy with this product.
so happy i did!
i am so glad i did get it
glad i went for it
am i ever glad i did
was disappointed when i saw no results after using one over a few nights
was really excited to try it out
excited to try the rest
each use hindered me speechless
excited to try a couple of the other ones.
i am so elated that this product worked as well as it did
overall i'm fairly happy with this moisturizer.
this made me feel confident all day
so glad i made the purchase!
i am so sad as i reach the bottom of my bottle
overall, very happy with this product.
was undecided on how bad i wanted it
even if you're as skeptical as i was
honestly i am so happy with my skin now.
i am very impressed with this cleansing oil.
i still liked the product
i first received this as a sample as was leery of it at best
very happy with this purchase.
i am extremely impressed
i am astounded at how lightweight
after only a few time trying this product i am amazed
i am definitely very impressed
i liked this product.
overall i am pleased with this moisturizer
a benefit i wasn't expecting
was delighted that it continued to moisturize my face much longer
alot more firm which i am ecstatic about
i am already thrilled with the results
go for it - you will not be disappointed.
i am very pleasantly surprised how much i like this product
i think that goes to show how truly impressed we were with the results of this little miracle worker
have to say that i was skeptical at first
i am sad to so see the price went up from $48
you will not be upset that you decided to purchase this product
i am beyond impressed with this
very pleased - spendy, but pleased.
i am thrilled with my purchase
very satisfied so far
i am lucky enough to be mistaken for being in my 20's
really happy with this so far.
im really really happy with this
i am so glad i did
annoyed that this is pretty pricey
i cannot express how amazed i was by this product
i am so thrilled to find such a unique
glad this is out there
at first i wasn't too impressed
you won't be disappointed
so glad the name matches the quality of the product
i am always nervous trying new skin care products
i am happy to say this has not made me breakout
so pleased with this purchase.
i am so happy it worked for me
noticed i didn get any creasing i was amazed at how fast it worked
so glad i was wrong
very pleased with my purchase
so so so pleased with this purchase!
and i'm so happy i did.
i will be forever thankful
very pleased with the results.
i am so glad that i made the plunge.
i am just so glad i found this!
i am even more satisfied with this moisturizer
i fell disapointed because of weight
i wanted to review this the first night i got it because of how happy i was with it
'm confused about the negative comments from people saying it bothered their skin
you won't be disappointed!
and now back to it and my skin is a happy camper.
was super surprised that i love this as much as i do
have continued to be impressed
was happy with it
am so glad i did
i am very happy with this product.
very happy with it!
i am so happy in just 2 days i saw a dramatic difference
i am glad i did
so, so impressed with this eye cream!
wasn't happy with the result at all
i am very pleased with the results
nothing really impressed me until i found this
i am satisfied with my purchase
very happy with it
although being unsure of the scent
was amazed at how well this absorbs
i must say i'm impressed!
thankful i tried this sample
which makes me a bit sad because this was a sample
i am hopeful that it will keep lines
he is not easily impressed
i highly recommend this product--you will not be disappointed
i am quite pleased.
i am happy with these results:
it makes you feel confident in that your skin will be smooth
give it a ret, you will not be disappointed.
i would be very unhappy without this product
i am very happy with it.
i am so pleased with the results from this one
overall with the few uses i'm happy about these masks
i am so glad i tried them.
im excited to see how the other two work
s i'm still happy with my purchase
im pretty happy so far
boy am i glad i did.
totally happy with this
so glad i did!
i am extremely happy with the product
you will not be disappointed!
when i rechecked the price, i am so sad!
i am so happy with the results
i am so glad i did because it is amazing!
am amazed at the immediate results
bought a few of their items because i saw results that satisfied me
the results speak for themselves as far as i'm concerned
i am beyond impressed with these pads
my friends even commented
very surprising buy from sephora.
you will be happy with results
im always so skeptical when it comes to skin care
i am always disappointed
i am so glad i got it.
i am really happy with it
this have definitely relieved much of the redness
overall i'm happy witht the price i paid since it works
was still apprehensive because i don't believe any eye cream is a miracle product
so glad i gave it a chance
you will be pleasantly surprised
you won't be disappointed!
was actually a bit nervous because i was in hurry for an event
was immediately amazed at how tiny they were
very pleased with how my skin feels after using it
happy with the ingredients
i am so excited to be writing the first review for this product
i am happy with this mask.
this product impressed me.
i looked so rejuvenated
i am very happy
i am so thankful to have found this br
so happy that i found this product line.
have been very pleased with it
this cream seems keep it happy
happy happy happy with it!
boy am i glad i did
i am enjoying this
glad i started with this one
was skeptical as i have pretty dry skin
was skeptical about it at first
you will not be disappointed.
i am not joking
it intrigued me so i sampled it.
you won't be disappointed!
i am very pleased with this product.
was very excited to find this bar at half the price of the one i was using with very similar ingredients
i am so happy for what this has done
was a little apprehensive to try it
very happy with the results.
herbivore definitely made a happy customer out of me
can't wait to see those results if i'm already that impressed
'm glad it's available here
i now feel confident wearing no make up through out the day
i am so happy with the purchase of this product.
i am so happy with this purchase.
i am so thankful i found this facial oil!
so glad i found them
am really pleased with this
i am so happy with my purchase
i am not easily impressed so to say herbivore's phoenix oil is the most delightful discovery ever says a lot
was very eager to try some more of their products
i am so glad that i have it
i am for sure obsessed
i am very happy with this product so far
i honestly am scared of running out of this
i am so pleased with this purchase.
so glad i picked up!
but i took a chance and boy am i thrilled.
this was amazing--my skin has responded so well
i am so glad i did because i love it!
i am so glad i tried it
so far i'm very happy with this product
i’m very happy with my purchase
am very pleased with my impulse purchase
so happy with this purchase!
so very glad i ordered this!
why everyone is so excited about it
i am always skeptical of brightening products
this had me amazed after the first use
have never been so happy with a product
that was a bit disappointing
so happy i discovered this product!
excited to try more herbivore products!
i finally ordered it and i am so glad i did.
complimented me on the outcome
have been generally pleased with the results
have been amazed with the results
i could not be more thrilled
you will not be disappointed!
very happy with this mask.
was thrilled when it was finally offered as a sample
needless to say i was annoyed
i am overall happy with the results of this product
you won't be disappointed :)
i am really really impressed with this product.
another thing i'm surprised to love about it
super excited about this!
i am shocked at how well this works!
because i never was impressed by one until now
was surprised at how i actually looked rested
was pleasantly surprised to see it worked just as well
i am really impressed with this one
was really excited to have a new eye cream to try out
excited to try more of their products.
not concerned with dark circles
i am so glad i did.
was skeptical about buying
but i'm glad i decided to get it !
i am just amazed
so glad i found this brand
very happy with this product.
i am lucky in that i already have clear
get it, you won't be disappointed.
im just happy that sephora has this option because my 38 year old skin looks bright
i am always skeptical in trying products that has tall claims
im unsure if i still see the effects
make my skin angry
with this product i feel totally confident in my bare skin
i will be so excited
i am so happy i invested in this!
was pleasantly surprised with this product.
i am very picky what i put on my face
however i was very surprised by how well this plays under my nars tinted moisturizer
i am quite happy with this product.
looks- so excited to keep this a part of my everyday routine
i decided to try this because i was bored
i think that's why a lot of you end up disappointed
i am beyond impressed with this.
very pleased with this product!
am unsure if i'll repurchase
i am so excited i decided to give this a try.
so glad i discovered this.
you will be disappointed
i am most pleased with how it is changing the over all texture
m not surprised this is a winner
was so excited to try this
was amazed at how well it worked
they are happy to assist you.
they are always happy to help.
very happy so far.
i seriously shocked at how well this stuff works.
was very surprised to try a product that truly works
but i'm so happy i did.
it amazing i am just a little disappointed in the price being $62 for only
i started getting a bit dissatisfied with my current one
box and wasn't that excited about it.
at first i wasn't impressed
got frustrated with the price
you won't be disappointed
at first i was a bit skeptical
overall, very impressed and would repurchase.
i am in my 30s with very fair skin
i am so grateful as nothing usually worlks for me
i am very pleased with the results.
pleased two weeks in
very pleased to have found this!
was surprised to see the results in couple of weeks
i hope the results keep progressing.
i am truly very happy thus far!!
was really concerned when this happened
was impressed to notice a definite improvement when using this product for just a few weeks
feel confident to go barefaced from time to time
concerned i would break out
was disappointed at first because i thought to myself the product was not working
i am very happy with the results i experienced within the first week of use
really impressed with murad's skin care line!
have never been this happy with results from any face products
am always hesitant to try anything new on my face
i am proud to say murad is my number one favorite cleanser of all times
very happy with this outstanding product.
and i am so happy that i did.
the first time i tried it i wasn't amazed.
ncredibly happy that i did
am pleased to say that i have very few wrinkles
i am so glad i selected this one.
i am so glad that i got this cleanser!
this is a miracle product - i am amazed!
murad has never disappointed me
all in all very happy with my choice
am so glad i did
i am glad i decided to try this cleanser by caudalie
lol .. anyways i am very impressed!
try this-- you won't be disappointed ;) :)
glad i gave this product a try
i am so pleasantly surprised by this cleanser!
'm happy to have found a makeup remover
very happy with this so far
i'll be a sad sad girl if this is ever discontinued
so glad i was able to find it here.
i am so grateful for this product.
i've very impressed and also beyond satisfied.
i am absolutely impressed on how pretty my skin looks
never have i been disappointed
drinking a lot of water i am very happy with my skin
i am impressed by how well you are managing your acne
skeptical about this product because of the price i say get it
i am pleasantly surprised
happy in the end
you won't be disappointed!
am more than pleased with how my skin looks
only sad part is the price
i am seriously obsessed.
but the result was quite surprising.
was immediately excited to use the 1oz blue moon
so very pleased with all my sunday riley products
i am already impressed
i am so thankful for the 180 my skin has made
my skin is blossoming into happy
while i am happy with its performance
i am so happy i did
i am so happy i did
was a little unsure how this would go
i am simply amazed by this!!!
i am so glad i finally made the purchase.
wasn't all that impressed.
i am still sad.
was eager to try this
few of them impressed me.
real feeling, i am so impressed!
was surprised at how much i liked this moisturizer
was pleased with how well it absorbed
i am always happy to see a caudalie item as a sample
glad for the spf.
was concerned about the feel of it on my skin
am very happy with this one
i feel confident going out without makeup
i liked the product
very pleased with this cleanser!
was skeptical at best when i decided to give this a shot
am so glad i have it a go
i am excited to have this for the winter months!
am so happy i tried it
am pleased with the results
i am glad i tried it
i am extremely happy with the choose i've made.
you will not be disappointed
