really not a big fan of erno laszlo.
this felt nice going on
i really wanted to love this stuff- it's such a pretty
if i'm using a cream like this i expect to be able to feel it on my skin for quite awhile after applying
this is nice and all but really expensive!
while it does feel nice
maybe this is nice for people with extremely dry skin
making it feel uncomfortable
i am not really sure how well this works.
i couldn't keep it on for very long because it smells horrible
the perfume was so strong i couldn't wait to get it off of me
my whole face felt sticky
while i love how it makes my skin feel
i don't really like it
seeing how it works for your skin type
did make my skin nice
does not feel like it sinks into my skin
it always left my face really sticky.
to my disappointment this cream does really do anything on my skin
i wanted it to work so bad because i heard so many good reviews on it
i really wanted to love this so bad!!!
kind of made me break out
for the price i really hoped it would have done something
bc of that it made my face feel tight
i really loved this beauty oil.
i feel like this beauty oil will be the exception because it feels so luxurious
it really did a great job depuffed my eyes
hard to find the right amount
i really tried to like this
the only thing i liked about this product was how cool it looked on
it was so fun to peel off
nothing crazy just a bit of discomfort
i wanted to love this one
this is a fun mask to do with a friend or something
just try the other ones because those are really awesome
did my skin feel amazing afterwards?
it was just okay
i would say this is one for the fun factor
fun to play with but no results.
i definitely won't be switching to this for good
....but it's so much fun.
it makes me feel like a robot or an alien or something
my skin does feel nice after using it
i already take good care my skin
but the size of it is a bummer.
other masks might not be as fun
i don't feel anything differently when i peel of the mask
my skin also feels pretty irritated.
it feels refreshing right after i use this mask
really does tighten your face
i really enjoy this mask
it's really fun to apply
it definitely doesn't feel firming to me
this stuff is so cool to apply
then you really smell the alcohol
they can feel like burning too
not sure about the tightning aspect
i love another reviewers comment that she thought that maybe she liked the tin man look of the mask because it scared the dog
really wanted to love this mask
it actually made me feel ill for a while after using it
other than that it was fun to use
is really bad for skin
pretty bummed i spent so much on this mask.
this product is what brought me to glamglow.
it feels like you're doing something really nice for yourself
t's easy to convince the guys in your life to give it a go
this didn't do anything for me the colour is fun it's fun to peel off
sure my face felt tighter for about 12 hours
it has done nothing for me
it smells really good though
it would feel nice on really irritated skin
i felt like this didnt hydrate my skin whatsoever if anybody it just made it feel really tight
it did absolutely nothing other than make my face feel kinda tight for 15 minutes
i really like their face wash
it felt like it helped
it leaves this weird sticky feeling behind that i don't really like
really liked how this serum made my skin feel
it made my face sting a bit when i put it on -- not horribly so
i could definitely feel it
thought i might like this too to use underneath
i really want to like this product because it seems to be well loved
how my face felt afterwards
i heard pretty good things about this
it just doesn't feel good on my skin.
you really only need half a pump
i really liked this at first
now it just kindof makes my fave feel right
10/10 definitely do not recommend
he loves it too.
texture would have been alright if it would absorb
this was a big miss for me
that's about the only good thing.
i didn't buy it to feel great on my skin
it really worked well for her she felt she saw a difference in her fine lines
it leaves a tacky finish to the skin which you would think would work well for putting foundation over
it didn't feel nice on the skin
i really wanted to love it
this really does not work for me
the tip really should have been a metal ball to truly help de puff
it did feel like it took a while for this stuff to absorb into the skin
i would feel a very very slight cooling feeling under my eyes
besides all the positives things about it
it really made no difference for me at all.
it literally just felt like i was putting some normal everyday moisturizer on
after a few minutes you can really feel a difference
i really love this product
than my eyes are looking very tired?why
it is pretty greasy
a big issue for me is that it stings my eye-area every time i put it on
even thought i'm not getting it in my eye
i think there are definitely better eye creams out there
thought it was an okay eye cream
it's so hard to get product out
i do think it would be a good "beginner" eye cream on younger eyes who just need to get used to using it
it has done nothing for me
a salesperson told me this would be perfect to reduce puffiness under my eyes
last time i listen to a very young looking sales person
there is no real pep in my eyes
i really noticed no change with it
this is great for a twenty something with fair skin who wants to look less sleepy or hungover
it's kindof hard for me to review an eye cream because i don't really have problems with my eye area
really wanted to love this product however it just stay on my skin
it does make my face feel clean
it also felt terrible on my skin.
this one made me break out really badly
i really liked that this had spf 30
when you put this product on it feels good against the skin
i do think it helps with fine lines
i don't like my skin to feel so tight
it did make my skin feel smooth
with good spf maybe this is for you
pretty inconvenient when wearing make up.
really love how light it feels
while i like it
it feels like it sort of sits on my face
really wanted this to be the end of my search for a moisturizer
i really couldnt see a difference in my skin after using this cream
i don't see anything different with my skin
i feel like it does an ok job right after the treatment
this stuff really dried my skin out
it definitely does what it says
it definitely can make you break out so clean your face thoroughly in the morning
this is a big no-no for me
let me say i am a very young 64 years
this mask really did make my skin look horrible
i want to give you younger glams some advice
i know satin was always good to sleep on if you wanted to keep your hairstyle longer
then i thought maybe it would be a good makeup primer
so maybe that is what it is good at.
it does feel very nice when you put it on for overnight
i do think it has improved the very fine lines in my cheeks
skin does feel tighter
if you put makeup over the top i feel like it quit working
wanted to like this product so bad
it felt great going on
my makeup was going on awful as well because it really disrupted the texture of my skin
it was very thick and i could feel it on my face.
i really wanted to like this.
idk it was pretty expensive
it felt nice to wear
this cream feels very nice when you touch it
never have i felt so self conscious about this area
i think if you have younger skin it's smoothing feel may work
i think this product was a good one.
i liked how it felt when she sprayed it on my skin
i really don't care for the way this stuff dispenses
however i just don't really feel the the product upon application via h
i give it three stars as i really do like the bottle
i like it when i can feel it working-
my skin feels fresh after using it however i'm not sure it did something to clear my pores
not really if your main concern is acne
the way my skin feels after using it
not being able to use really harsh exfoliants
i finish the whole thing kept giving chances that it was gonna improve my face
so silly me thought that it was a face mask
luckily i put very little this time
when i combined it with this soap it really makes a difference
i feel like my face gets really shiny after using it
it didn't feel like it was decongesting
i also didn't love the feel/consistency
especially for not working
i feel like i've just wasted $125.
it feels a lot like the body butter which i love.
it's a decent moisturizer nothing makes it crazy special however if i'm going to spend $40 on moisturizer i'm gunna get a better br
but it was nothing truly special.
how it makes my face look
really it was just this
it felt good when i applied it.
this product was a miss for me personally
even with a small amount it just doesn't feel nice
it balls up which is kinda weird
feel like since i've been using it
feels ok on the face
so i got it and i wanted to love it.
i truly loved how soft this made my face feel
this moisturizer felt really nice on my skin
i think it's an alright product overall.
it definitely does ball up afterward if you rub it like other reviewers have wrote
by itself it doesn't feel like it really sinks in
it does make me very shiny
i wanted to love this stuff.
something strange was happening after i applied it on my face
was super putted because i heard good things about the br
felt like i needed a lot
felt nice after i rubbed
i really wanted to love this.
it felt so incredibly good on my face.
it broke me out terribly though.
i've got a whole big tube to get through
wanted to give this a try in hope it'll be great for my oily combo skin especially for the t-zone area
i guess it is just a good after make up cleanser.
it is a light moisturizer and i liked the feel.
i really like murad products
after results not good
it does feel clean everytime i use it
it makes my skin feel nice and smooth.
i love this brand but this mask stinks so bad.
i did get a good amount in my play box though!
it really did nothing for my skin.
it has done nothing to my skin
i didn't feel like it clean my skin our completely
the smell of this at first really bothered me
most definitely gonna repurchase
it felt great going on
i actually thought wow this thing takes forever to dry
it started to feel okay
i enjoy this product a lot
i love the way it felt
how my skin looked
so are the results- i just really wanted to emphasize that if you are sensitive to florals like myself
the mask feels good on the face when applying it
yet it hasnt done good for my skin whatsoever
i used the whole thing
it felt good putting it on
super bummed it didn't work out for me
i really wanted it to
but i saw very little change in my pores.
i really thought it would because i'm only 21
i really wanted to love this product
the smell is just not good
i feel like it made me look greasy
tried going in very light
maybe i got a bad bottle
it smells like something is going bad
i will say that the shimmer in this is very fine
thought this was it for me
it felt nice on my skin
i found it really did nothing.
i really wanted to love it
feels nice going on
this stuff was nothing special
my nail lady has commented on more than one occasion that i've got great skin
some love it some hate it.
just felt really sticky
'm not really sure why this happened to me
i liked everything about it
you really see a difference in your skin when you put it on
which is really strange
my skin still feels good
it wasn't as good as i thought
i really wanted to live this product
this salve is alright, but definitely overpriced.
it's really difficult to get out of the container
i think you can find something just as good
it felt good on my skin
my face definitely feels smoother in the am
but there also isn't anything great about it.
it worked really well
did you sit as a body oil and really liked it.
it just left me feeling like a greaseball
not good to wear under makeup.
really not ideal for the under eye area
it does feel nice
i am like really really sensitive to smell
i really wanted to love this hydration stick--seemed perfect for travel
i feel that it does nothing
i like the way it goes on
i really wanted to like this product.
you get a lot for the price
did not perform very well under makeup
it is what it says- a nice face oil.
it felt good once i applied
feel i think it would work well
i feel like i need to use something else on top
so, yes, it goes on nice and cool.
really just feels pointless at the end of the day
don't really feel any different or look different
at first i really liked it
it does feel cool when you put it on
i don't like the way it feels
it really does feel cooling
i felt like i had to use a lot to get it all over my face
i really liked this when my a/c was out for 3 weeks
the way it feels on my skin
i couldn't really tell if it worked
i liked the concept of this
it felt really nice
the film that was left on my skin made me feel itchy
i really wanted to love this product.
it feels so good going on
the first time i used it it felt so cool
i guess this would be nice to use on a hot day?
if your face is really puffy in the morning
the only thing i did notice was that it left my skin looking glowy
it's definitely not life changing
i feel fancy using it bc the packaging is so nice
i really wanted to like this stuff
it does feel cool
it doesn't really cool me off very well
i wanted it so bad
there's nothing very special about this product
a thing that i like about this is that it's pretty
is it me or it smells really like old milk?
i hate the smell so so bad
while it does feel nice upon application
it also hurts a lot if you accidentally get the stuff in your eyes
i think there are definitely better products.
i really wanted to love this.
i think it caused my skin to breakout just a bit.
this was a great moisturizer til they changed the formula
loved the product before but hate it now.
even though this cream was nice
this is definitely not it
i loved the feel of this moisturizer when applied
how nice it felt on my skin
analizing my skin she decided that this product would be a good fit
i really wanted to love this
it felt so greasy
this is really heavy
feel that i really gave this a fair shot
really just to get through the bottle
i really don’t know that the maximizer does that much to improve the results of face masks
i really enjoyed it
no, but i really enjoyed it!
don't feel like it did anything to improve the mask performance
if really put an effort in feeling my skin after a night
i can feel that it has done something
i think that's the mask working
i don't think it really made a difference in how well my masks worked
i guess it is nice
left a weird feeling on my face
it feels like i put water on my skin
if anything i feel like putting something between your skin
both worked exactly the same as they always do.
i don't really see a difference with using this product
i really want to get my money back
because the spray function is so awful this is going back
i don't really see any huge difference because of this primer
thought maybe this was just my dry skin freaking out
even that made my face feel tight
it also has a pretty offputting smell that i can't quite place
i mean... really, really bad.
i really wanted to like this product
i kind of just feel like i haven't noticed any difference in my skin like at all while using this
obviously had to try this cleanser
i didn't really think it cleaned my face that well personally
i think you just have to try it for yourself
its a weird feeling right after you use it because it feels as if you cant rinse the product out
the stuff feels like it never ever comes off
it felt pretty good while i was using it
it felt hard to wash off
feel this would be better for someone with oily skin
for an oil my face feels really really dry afterwards
left a dry feeling to my skin i was so upset bc i really wanted to love this product over all i wont be buying this product again
it made my face feel tight
it didn't really offer a great cleanse
i really do like it
maybe i got a bad bottle?
at first it left my skin feeling silly
i dont wear very much makeup
only good thing i can say is it left my face soft
pros: foams up really well
face feels pretty well clean after use
i felt like the product wouldn't come off
it was really hard to get washed off all the way
my whole face felt tight
it does not get too sudsy which was nice
for a couple days i thought this cleanser was helping my skin a lot
then i started getting soooo many pimples all over my face
it did foam up really well.
too bad, i really wanted to love it.
when i brought this face wash i had very high hopes mostly since everyone was raving about how great it was
it's sad because i really wanted to love it
i felt my skin never got clean
unfortunately for me this was not my experience.
i do't feel clean after using it
i really miss the old line!
this stuff was awful
i gave this 2 stars because i do love the texture- a little goes a long way
my skin feel so tight after using this
that is not a good thing
my face was left feeling very tight
i didn't feel as though it was really cleaning my skin
i feel like for $22
it definitely doesn't remove eye make up all that well
my skin never actually feels clean afterwards
it just wasn't very good
i really wanted to love this product.
i am going to keep looking
it looked nice that goes to show don't judge a book by it's cover
it feels nice at first when you are washing your face
the big con for me is that i don't feel like it "improved the appearance of fine lines
definitely not doing much for anti-aging.
it felt kinda heavy
i tried to like this, really.
definitely not for anyone trying to keep the shine down
this stuff smells really good.
really wish it would've worked better.
really dislike the smell
it's actually a bit scary how severe the reaction was
i can feel it on my face
really wanted to love it because of the benefits
i really really wanted to love this.
i feel like it could be the combination of the two
obviously i wasn't expecting to see results having to wash it off
this facial oil felt nice going on
i think this is a really good product
this product looked so pretty
i love korres, but this is just ok.
i think the bottle looks really pretty on my vanity
which makes you wonder what kind of awful stuff you just put on your face
i think exposure to air made it go bad?
i used the whole thing
i really wanted this product to work
my skin looks pretty much the same after using a whole bottle
so thats one good thing
i really wanted to like this
honestly step 2 is horrible it makes wrinkles look worse
for the price i should be getting something great
it does absorb really really really fast though
definitely not good for my skin
i did not like the feel of it on my skin.
in the morning my skin looked good
as much as i love this stuff
i love the way how it smells
thought my skin would love it
unfortunately each time i was done applying my face makeup
this stuff is pretty expensive for the small amount you get
i've definitely felt like it's helped my make up last longer
it has done nothing for my skin
which is weird cuz every one is saying that they love the smell
i really wanted to like this because it smelt so amazing
after i put it on it turned really tacky
wanted to love this so bad
it makes my face feel tight
i just personally think that people that have dry skin
it was definitely this moisturizer
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
i heard such great things about it
i think this would be a great moisturizer for the right skin type as it does feel really great
really wanted to love this product.
however it made me break out really bad
i wanted to try this product because of all the great reviews
because that's all i felt this one was doing for my skin
i really want to return it.
i really thought this would work on my puffy eyes
i really wanted this to work
feel i wasted my money
tugs on it a bit which we all know is a big no-no
it did not feel comfort at all
i love the way it makes my skin feel
the only thing i can say is that sk ll rna is a terrific moisturizer for very dry skin like mine
i really wanted to love this product.
do appreciate how soft it makes my skin feel after each use
it always makes me "feel fancy" when i use it
for now the only claim i am attest to is that it's definitely going to make your skin feel soft
i really really wanted to love this product as i had read wonderful reviews of this br
it does make my skin look/feel greasy
that worked great however when i didn't have them i looked older
it got to a point if i didn't keep buying them my face was messed up for good
plus i thought since i loved there face cream which is hard for me to find a good one that works with my skin
since we have very different skin
these feel great on however
i wanted so badly to love these.
really tried to give it a chance
nothing really special about these
i wanted to love this product as i really enjoy using it
i liked the refreshing feel of the product
here are the pros
i would really love to have a cooling effect around my eyes since that feels refreshing
i think this is an okay product
i think that it has helped with the area around my eye not looking so tired
i really liked it in the store
really wanted this to work.
this product was okay for me
this one is just ok.
i really don't see a major difference with this product
decided to give this stuff a try
they haven't really improved
not even really hydration.
the only thing nice about this gel is that it's good to apply before make up
it broke me out sooo bad my skin has never been this bad ever
i felt that it did tighten my pores
but it is just ok.
so i don't get why the reviews are so good?
it felt very greasy
really makes a difference in my skin
not tiny bumps like others said they got
i see there are lots of great reviews so maybe this product works for other people
wanted to love this so badly
my face did not look or feel too different
the smell is really good though!
feel of this going on
'm not sure who this product would work well on
felt like nothing happened
trying so hard to find something from you guys
like i said causes me to breakout :'
i think you'd really like this
people had actually commented that there was glitter on my face
definitely recommend this to keep your summer glow going
i really liked the innovation behind the duo
however it has a really weird smell almost grass like
i really wanted to love this product
i really enjoyed it
made my skin feel nice
this product was alright.
i just don't see myself wearing this product
glow gives a very pretty glowy finish that makes it look like you just spent an afternoon at the beach
this stuff is pretty neat
i also liked putting in on my legs
this highlighter in my opinion is not for everybody
the whole "highlighter" thing was just an added bonus to me
i really really wanted to love it.
i suspect it would also look really nice to mix a little bit with your foundation for a more dewy glow
i guess i'm on the fence because it is nice
if you already have a product that gives your face a nice glow
if you're fair this will look funny on you.
i do love how it looks
i really wanted to love this product
i know: everyone loves glitter everyone on their face except me
which is what i would have loved
wanted to try out clinique as i've heard good things about their skin care line
this stuff smells sooo strong of chemicals
i feel like if i was in a hurry
not in a good way
this moisturizer made me break out like crazy
i am really sad about this it smells funny
thought it would be nice to have this as well
definitely do not wear it under foundation or your face is going to peel off
definitely see if you can get a sample to see if it works for you before blowing $40
even tho it now hydrates my skin pretty well
it does smell really good tho.
wanted to love this so badly
the only good thing i like about it is that it's pretty good for sensitive skin
i felt like i had to use a lot in order for my skin to not feel dry
i tried this cream because i wanted a nice moisturizer for my face
i didn't really feel any difference in my skin
i feel like if you have normal to combo skin you would absolutely love this
i also feel like i ran out of this way too quickly considering the price
i really wanted to like this gel
therefore i thought this moisturizer would be perfect for me
thought "oh this might actually be good as a summer moisturizer
it does end up looking very glowy
does not feel that way at all
i don't really see my skin completion looking any better or smoother thought it does leave my skin feeling really nice after it dries all of the way down
really hate the sticky feeling that i got right after applying it
i saw absolutely no difference in my skin even after i used up the whole bottle
it's hard for me to break out
i kept thinking maybe it's this product
i feel like i have to use sooo much of the product
if anyone has any suggestions of a great moisturizer please tell me
i don't like the way it makes my skin feel or look
normally this would be a good thing
really want to like it though ...
feels ok on the face
wouldn't mind so much of it if the scent was nice
'm not sure why a gel would be so comedogenic
this was just ok.
this moisturizer really did nothing for a skin.
it definitely isn't something to rave about either
the change wasn't good for me
really liked this moisturizer overall
this does not leave me skin feeling as cool
the pros: feels amazing when you first put it onthe cons: i really really wanted to love this
which means it isn't really absorbing
definitely something to keep in mind if you try this product
too bad though considering i really liked the texture
this is definitely not for you
this is really a miss for me
noticed it was not doing the job that it used too
i love it the texture is thicker the previous version my skin feels great looks great if this does not work for you try the renewed hope in a jar
while it felt nice on my skin
i really wanted to love this
it just isn't working out for me
personally it is not strong enough to give the squeaky clean kind of feeling i prefer
my face does feel smooth afterwards
yeah, it cleans my face, but how is it a mask?
i don't have great luck with origins anyway
the packaging is great because you only touch the amount of product that ends up going on your face
i really wanted to like this
this made my oil production go crazy
i really wanted to love this
i still love the concept
it doesn't feel that great
dont really care about the color
it just says to relax
meh.... this is just not really doing it for me.
haven't found anything i really think works
i really hoped this would be a good one.
it felt uncomfortable on me
i let my mom try it to see if it worked for her
felt great going on
i think the best stuff is the son
which i always do because i try to take care of my skin
it will feel good right at first
it made my skin feel so tight
it made my face feel like it was on fire in some spots
i really wanted to love this product because i'm
i love the pretty packaging
it feels smooth going on
it just made my skin feel smooth
it left my skin feeling nothing special
it had a really strange smell, sort of like clay.
i see that a lot of people would like this product
i really like the way it made my skin feel
says she loves it
i too really wanted to love it
the fragrance is so strong especially for something you put on your face
i really wanted to love it
the smell or the feel as it goes on
my face looks / feels the same.
it would feel the same
i personally love the way this smells
it wears off really quickly
it worked pretty well
it definitely helps with wrinkles
i feel weird about putting something glittery on my face
its really hard to know if its a good product because when i try to use it i cant st
the only reason why it's not a one star is because it has pretty good ingredients
this is obviously a problem
my face does not feel that clean after using it.
i wanted to like this product.
started out thinking it was okay
i love the added skin benefits because i feel like i'm doing something extra for my skin other than just washing it
that works really well
i don't feel that the cream worked at all
its maybe good for a moisturizer.
cake up looking very cheap
not quite sure what is separating out.
i really really liked it
i find this stuff is too "fluid".
my skin just feels
definitely not a miracle product for me.
using this i look like it
initially really liked the texture
i really hate that i have to dip my finger in the product
really loved the results from that one-time use
i think it's a better fit for someone with sensitive skin
i feel like this moisturizer is just ok
it's really disappointing because i love the feel of it
the formula itself felt okay
in the morning my skin does look nice also
i don't feel like this moisturizer does anything special
it felt nice on my skin
it looked so bad.
i now have 6 crazy breakouts on my lip that look so terrible
i liked how light it felt on my skin
it honestly felt drying on my face
i really want to like this cream
i really really really wanted to love this product
have heard great things about this skin line
i like how the product feels
it has not done anything great for my skin
just as others said
it caused really bad breakouts
i could feel these bumps
it was just okay
the consistency feels like primer- it seems to sit on top of my skin
it just felt like a moisturizer
i like it, it's just not great.
it just made my face feel disgusting
the smell is too overwhelming for me
it made me look sooooo greasy
i still really enjoy the texture of this cream i just wish it was thicker
i do feel like my skin is absorbing the product
i feel like it helps
i wanted this to work for me
i really don't think this has helped much.
i really wanted to like this
eyes sting pretty badly
my face did not feel clean at all
it definitely leaves a taste on the skin
it's a very treatment feel
if you that makes sense
am i the only one who hates this stuff?
giving this an extra star because it did feel very good on the skin
i really liked this at first
now i think that was just because i had heard such great things about it
it feels like it's working
in my experience using it i don't feel like it works
i gave it a good length of time to have some sort of effect on my skin
at this point my skin doesn't feel or look any different
also sometimes as a makeup primer if i'm feeling something really like
it feels really cooling when you first put it on which i like
it actually feels very similar to my smashbox primer
with that being said i don't feel like it did anything for my skin
it really does not provide the moisture my skin needs
nice texture but not what i expected.
but it feels nice on the skin, very light.
i can see it working very nice as a primer
the reason i am rating this only a few stars is because it is a horrible moisturizer
i really do not like this at all
really wish i picked something else
the consistency is kinda weird
only nice thing is that it feels cooling
this stuff made me feel like i put absolutely nothing on my skin
you kinda have to use a lot of product to really mostiurize your whole face
am feeling silly now
gave my soooooo much texture
my face was doing alot of weird thing because of this product
how it made my skin feel
i did not feel it added any extra hydration
i really like the smell of it
it feels good when you first put it on
i really wanted to like it
it feels good under the eyes, though.
was told that it would really help with the dark circles i suffer from
however, my skin is pretty combination.
i really had no idea what to expect as this was my first experience with sk-ii
yes the smell is very strong we know that
i liked how my skin felt after putting this on.
at first, this makes your skin feel so smooth.
i really want to love it but it's going back.
told me all the great benefits this has fit my skin
very disappointed i doesn't this much money on something that melts off my make up half way they the day
because they always make me break out
this one is just an ok
it feels very good when first applying on
there are definitely better sleep masks out there
it definitely did nothing for me
wow - this product was a really big let-down.
it smells amazing but it's going back.
the smell is very intense for something i am putting my face
i feel like this product was created to make women worry about
this product is okay.
tip: especially if you keep it in the fridge like i do
while this one feels good going on
i really do like this product.
this is definitely going back.
it honestly felt like i was putting lip balm around my eyes
i feel like it doesn't go on very easy
unfortunately it seems you need to use a fair bit for it to work
feels great when you're tired or fatigued.
i definitely feel a tingle after application
i do like the product to help with wrinkles that i am just starting to get
that said my eyes are still pretty puffy.
i like it because it feels refreshing
i don't feel like it worked for me.
i don't feel this is doing anything for me
i give it a 2 because i personally didnt feel like it did much
it has a cooling feeling which is kinda nice.
it feels nice to apply it
when i got talking to the rep about the ingredients
she basically told me that the purpose of the balm was just to act as a "starter product" to get you in the habit of using an eye cream if you don't have a routine that includes using one
i just don't feel like this did much for my skin
i love the way it makes my skin feels
definitely did not leave a tacky feeling
really dries me out
i really like the idea of this bar
except my foundation always wears off really fast
you can definitely layer it
i really like the tsubaki line from boscia
it also made me feel like a twilight vampire
it didn't really moisturize very much.
definitely recommend trying it
it just made me shiny:
im sure i'd love it if i were younger
the only thing that was all over me was sweaty
i love boscia but this was a miss for me.
i love the way this mask made my skin look
i always had good results with clarins
possibly good for someone who wears foundation over it
this product was just "okay."
definitely a return for me.
it sounds so easy!
product is just ok!
it says you only need 1-2 of the balls
especially if you want to use any on your neck
one little bead of this stuff gets my entire face
it also is just fun to apply onto the face.
good enough for me to finish the jar
it is not as awesome as people say
i actually loved the consistency!
i loved how it made my makeup look!
i wanted to truly love it.
i don't really get it.
very good at what it claims
16i really wanted to like this product
i think she actually uses very little foundation because her skin is already perfect
was being really overly optimistice to think this product could make my skin look like hers
it really doesn't work for me as a primer for foundation
i really wanted this to be a hit
made my skin feel like it couldn't breathe
i always love to try out new things at sephora
i felt my face to be very smooth
not too sure about making it smooth.
it really did not improve that for me.
okay i'm obviously in the minority here
in fact, it made my makeup look awful.
it always looked bad
i felt like my makeup never really set when i had this underneath
can honestly say my makeup has never liked more terrible
this is really a side note
i think it will take a few more weeks to see how i really feel about it
bags under my eyes enough that someone commented about them
no magic moment here.
although i do like the way my skin looks
i feel like i lose a lot in the shower
definitely not for me.
i like the way it feels going on
really liked the way that the sample made my skin feel
as much as i really wanted to love this because it made my skin feel so smooth at first
i just make myself believe that works enough just to keep them
i live in florida where it is so hot out i always feel like i'm melting this has really helped
i really wanted to love this
it was so terrible on my skin type
was really hoping this would keep my tzone more matte
i really wanted to like this.
i really expected one heck of a product
it has the same feel
never really feels like it dries or absorbs
i tried getting this product to work every way you can think of
i feel like most of the time it actually made me look oilier
i really wanted to like this product
it messed up my make up pretty bad
i needed it to work really badly
guess i have no choice but to shine on.
he results just weren't good
i really wanted to like this
i really like cover fx's products
after trying a ton of different things
like using the product because it helps me get a nice finish without using too much foundation
i liked the idea how you can blend it into other products
made the coverage very weird
i guess i need to keep on looking
definitely not what i'm going for in an eye cream
overall i feel it's very overpriced.
i honestly don't see any difference in the way my eyes look or felt
think the ingredients were just too harsh for me
which made me think it was doing something
would love to find a product that actually helps with dark circles
somehow it still just felt like it was sitting on top of my skin
they were very big where everyone looked at my face at work
i like the consistency though.
there are so many amazing moisturizers coming out at sephora right now
in my opinion just as good
the lady at my sephora told me it would make my skin very smooth
i really wanted to add a moisturiser into my routine
because otherwise it is a nice product
the way it felt
gosh, i really wanted to love this.
i really wanted to love this cream.
this is definitely not a good choice for me
had heard great things about this moisturizer
if that makes sense
this cream feels good when you apply on the face.
but it just makes me look and feel so greasy.
it does hydrate on nights where i feel like i need a boost
those really help your skin
wanted to love this product
i think it's just because there are so many ingredients in this thing that it overwhelmed my skin
i wanted to try out a moisturizer as i really like the pekee bar
did not feel good on my skin
you really are not getting a lot of product
it made my skin break out pretty badly
it was good, but not for me.
it made my foundation go on weird too.
didn't feel like it worked for me
it was not a fit for my skin
got this in my playbox.....i'm so so so sad.
i loved the way this product looked
i really like other products from this line
i wanted to like this, i really did.
i really wanted to love this.
no matter how nice the product looked on my skin
which i personally like
this "moisturizer " made me feel like
i do like the way it makes my skin look
find this product really uncomfortable to wear
even commented that my face looked great
i really wanted to love it
the smell was kinda weird
i know all skin is different
i want to love this so bad
this actually controls oil really well
verdict: if you have combination skin like me
to spend $50 on a jar that size i expect something really good
i like the idea behind this product.
it didnt really give me much moisture
it didnt really make my skin glow too much
i really do like this eye cream.
have tried so many different creams/serums that have not really made any difference
i'd definitely give it a whirl.
it was a good product for me for a bit.
i always like to try new face washes.
the consistency felt weird on my skin.
i really like this cleanser
i definitely wouldn't recommend it for someone who has bad skin like me
i do not feel as if it does a good
another thing that really bothers me about this product isn't the product itself
i felt as though it did not do a great job at cleansing my skin
i would have to go over it 2x just to feel as though my face was clean
a lot of my other skin care products react strange with it
if you're curious then definitely purchase the smaller one to try it out
after a few hours of wear it makes my skin really greasy looking when i wear it under foundation
i found this too silicony to love it
it felt really heavy
smell is fine it just didnt hold my make-up very well nor did i notice a difference in my skin
i didn't feel like my skin got the hydration it needs
the texture is so weird that it tough my skin while blending on my face
i'll use the whole thing
although i had to use a lot of product it did leave my skin feeling nice after exfoliating
not a good product what so ever.
i also feel like its a fairly think cream.
t's definitely got the thick consistency
this stuff made my face feel like i was 13 again going through puberty
why you playin us like that with samples you guys have had for forever
you definitely need a moisturizer
it looked good by itself on my skin
not so good for a moisturizer
definitely not for me.
well for one i'm not a big fan of the silicone type feel primer
while i was off i used it yeah just not for me
just left my skin feeling weird
sad to share but thought you should know.
all of that love being said
i am honestly not quite sure who this particular product would best suit
it did keep my face feeling smooth
this was definitely not helpful for that
this product is just "okay".
i like the idea of it
one time was enough for me to strongly dislike this product
something about their fun packaging always makes me want to run out
that's was pretty much the only good thing about this moisturizer
my makeup did not looked good that day.
i would definitely not recommended.
especially as right out of the tube it felt like a primer
you cant just feel how much silicone is in here
i honestly feel like it made it very difficult to apply my makeup
i like the way it feels after it sinks in
this would be a great beauty find if the application wasn't so difficult
probably if your skin is very dry this will work wonderful for you
this made me so scary greasy!!
it felt really good when i applied it
my face felt really tight
which i've been trying to get away from as it definitely moisturizes
i don't think this was a good choice for my skin type
i don't think it helped my skin at all
didn't feel like it really penetrated my skin
however i feel like i am applying perfume to my face because the smell is so overwhelming
this product definitely wasn't for me
do a whole ritual dance before it graces me a sad little pump
greasy like i said
think it's pretty cute
while this moisturiser is alright
i read so many awesome reviews i just had to try this
i think if you have great skin to start with
as you rub the product in it gets a "tight" feel to it
i like how it sits on my skin.
i like how it smells.
i like the way it smells
was really excited to try it because it said it was good for sensitive dry skin
whenever i get breakouts it is always on my cheeks
not really on board with it
also got this in my very underwhelming play box.
i happen to really like the scent they use.
i really thought i would hate it because it is made using egg
i actually really love the way this moisturizer feels
some people probably love this smell
i never had a bad experience with them
so sad cause as i said i love their stuff
i really wanted to like this
i just feel for $65 i should have seen improvements in my skin
i really wanted to like this because of the reviews
i wanted to love this product so badly
my skin also started breaking out quite a lot.
it looks really neat because of the gold
purchased it because i really wanted to like it
i find that this water gel goes good under my foundation
it is really not doing anything for moisture in my skin
i did like how this moisturizer made my skin feel
then after 2 mins your face feels incredibly tacky
i really wanted to love this gel moisturiser
i wondered if it was the very hot
i dont get how this product has so many good reviews
it feels nice on my face in a weird way?
i will say that it looks amazing under my makeup.
i never give really bad reviews
it felt terrible on my skin.
that it made it feel like my foundation never dried down
felt kind of heavy on my skin
honestly thought it was just the added fragrance
being that i am more a combination skin type i was hoping to really love this consistency for summer
maybe for a different skin type :)
i hope it helps someone
i love the feel of this going on
i really do not like the overly watery consistency
this was what i thought
cleanser just to get the job done
even though the concept it really cool
not good for my skin type
this one scared me by how tough the granulated formula is
this one is just ok for me
it was really convenient to bring on a vacation
i imagine would be great for post-gym as well
really just what the title says.
as pretty as this peel mask looks
these products felt great without irritating my skin
i think this product works in the sense that my face felt super smooth after i used it
i like this product a lot.
it did however make my skin very soft after i got everything off
if you do not like strong smells
the color is also really cool.
the smell is awful too.
the alcohol smell is just so crazy
makes me feel like i'm harming my skin
i loved the way my face felt it did feel weird at first you have to get use to it though it was very strong on the nose
it feels good to peel off however doesnt really do much for your skin
this is not very good at all
left a weird feeling on my face once i was able to wash it all off
although it does look like liquid gold on my face-pretty
this mask looks pretty.
it was really uncomfortable
i really wanted to like this mask
not really in a good way
maybe that's why i had really high expectations when i found out that they came up with a peel off mask
what everyone says about the smell is true.
i tried this mask because the color was very interesting
this makes the application of my foundation streak quite a bit
i really loved this moisturizer
i wanted to make it work
i really think that some drugstore products work better
i feel like a lot is needed to get the benefits of the sun protection
it makes me reconsider the whole neogen line
the product itself is actually really nice
i just wasn't expecting the smell to be as strong as it was
this one wasn't really all too special.
i really enjoy using it
however it made my skin breakout like crazy
he liked how it made his skin feel clean
which is weird, but everyone's skin is different
a little goes a long way with this guy
you only really need half a pump
i got this because the introduction said it is good for all skin types
i guess it will work well on really oily skins for teens
i think it was just too gentle for me
which is really such a shame
to make me feel like i'm actually cleaning my skin
without you being able to feel it
my under eye bags have been really bad
i honestly don't think this is good at all.
did my skin feel firm, not really.
my skin did feel very nice
everyone who uses it loves it
i liked this just ok.
making my skin feel weird
it felt really sticky
it looks so pretty.
bought the whole thing
i will say the texture of the product itself is very interesting
i loved how it felt on my skin when i first applied
i love trying out new stuff
this one was just okay for me
am not sure if maybe i am too young for this
and i love things that smell.
i wanted to like this product
also was not in love with the way it looked underneath foundation
after one hour it was really bad
but, this product is just bad.
i hate the way this felt on my skin.
t's almost like you need to use a lot to feel like you actually lathered up a good amount of moisturizer
i agree with someone else here who said that it felt like a serum combined with a moisturizer
unfortunately it broke me out pretty badly.
this was alright i think it made my skin very smooth
the thing that really ruins this product for me is the smell
i liked that it was light
so at first i really liked this product.
it was just ok
this is basically just a st
sure enough i go to look at the ingredients
it makes my skin feel good
i like it a lot
it feels nice going on the skin
it seems to help my skin
t's easy for it to get everywhere
i only used a small amount it felt really nice.
i really like the feel of this product on my oily skin
at first i noticed that it did absolutely nothing for my skin didn't feel moisturized at all
i like things to sink in
i wanted to try it for myself because i heard this actually helps with acne too
it didn't look great under my makeup
after i put it on, i can feel it.
made my skin feel weird
only good thing about it is the added sun protection
also have to use a lot to feel like i'm actually covering my whole face
the murad is honestly the only thing that truly keeps me matte
it made me break out super bad
i like it alright and i use it almost daily.
in fact, i feel like i look greasier with it on.
too bad because i really had high hopes for this product
i am still playing
not in a good way
i really liked the scent of this cleanser
i think this would be great for people who don't have problematic skin
that would be ok if the finish looked good
made me feel glittery
i wanted this to be good so badly.
it felt so good
i never felt like it sunk in
definitely not for an all over the face moisturizer
this product did nothing for my tired looking
getting this cleanser in your eyes will sting really badly
'm going to use it despite the smell
it could be off putting to some so definitely wash your h
i really wanted to love this product
for the price i feel like it should give me great skin
is fairly priced i appeared pimples in areas where i am usually clear on my face didn't help just feel like everything just got worse i would not repurchase this
it feels like a waste of money
i love the feeling of it
i really wanted to like this
i really like this for the first week
i heard amazing things about this getting rid of pimples
it definitely hasn't done anything bad
idk why but it just smells awful.
so maybe it was just my skin
i really really wanted this product to work.
i so wanted this to work
the smell is a little weird for the first couple minutes
it definitely added to my skin's oil production because by mid day my face would be ridiculously greasy
i love fresh but this one is kind of so so.
i wish the texture wasn't quite as chunky as it is
i feel like it works
bet it will be nice
on your face is a bit of an experience
i actually enjoyed that part
the consistency is not for me
this product made me break out horribly
i want to love this mask because my skin feels lovely once it is washed off
you also see a lot of the citrus rind in this product which is what holds the majority of the 'good stuff' so that's nice
that's the only good thing about it
smells good, but it did nothing.
i really disliked having chunks of fruit on my face
i did like how it felt that it was tightening.
not sure how i feel about this product.
personally it just felt like a mess
the $80 cdn price tag really puts me off- this isn't a product i feel i need in my regiment
this product really caught my eye
sure it smells good
i feel a lot is wasted during application
the mask is really nice if you want glowing skin
however, the good smell makes up for it.
i really wanted to love this product.
'm not 100% sure about my feelings on this product because of the 1 time try
it didnt really make any difference or feel different after using it
honestly i saw no results it just felt like jam on my face with large chunks
i liked the consistency
felt that it left my skin very red
make sure you're getting all the product out
it's just too frustrating to use
i think it actually made me break out on top of everything
i've heard a lot of good things of it before
not in a good way
it felt quite greasy
the "glow" that it gives did not look very good
i wanted something for under eye wrinkles
for $85 it should do something amazing
they seem to always smell like she is adding fragrances
really turns me off to it
i did not feel it is a skin care product- more like a highlighter
for the price i expect this to make my eyes look amazing
i really wanted to like this product.
i can feel this sitting on my skin no matter how little i apply
my skin did feel tighter
i really do like this product
it's terribly hard to get off
wanted to love this mask.
personally i will stick with the black mask because i have younger skin
i bet it would look good before you put on your makeup
to get this thing off is awful!
love this line but this mask was ok.
usually good serums when applied you can really feel the difference
felt good on my skin until the irritation
how it makes sure your face is clean
i really really want to like this cleanser
nothing has really changed for me
have been dealing with a pretty bad breakout that's been affecting parts of my face that usually don't give me any problems
that it "clears your skin up really well"
have a hard time finding a moisturizer that works for my whole face
i liked it for the first few days because of how light it felt on my skin
my skin felt sooooo tight
i really like belif skin care product.
didn't feel as amazing as other said
this is definitely a product you want to trial first
i really wanted to like it
this mask really breaks me out after just one use
i love the feel of the mask
i don't think it worked well for me
i love the little massage part
i do love the feeling of this mask.
i wanted to enjoy it so badly
i figured it would be a good time to try something new to see if it helps
since my skin was doing so well
t's hard to imagine that was possible
it was really nothing special
i don't really see much of a difference when i'm done
while it is fun to apply
thickness of the mask just makes it feel like its truly working
that just seems like a gimmick to me.
loved the way my skin looked
so clearly there is something else in this that my skin just didn’t like
the concept is so cool
i wanted to like it so so so so so bad
i feel like it did so much better on all of my friends that i put it on
the feel of using it
really wanted to love this product
i didn't get the warming sensation everyone is talking about nor did my skin feel hydrated
it's pretty disappointing because the sales associate talked all about how great the mask is for sensitive skin
it's pretty lame honestly.
the whole process was very relaxing
this doesnt really do it
really want to love your brand!
i never really post reviews on here
only if something is really good or really bad
and this.. is really bad.
i really wanted to like this product
like i said i really wanted to like this product
i really really really wanted to like this mask.
giving it another shot only because the reviews are all pretty good
i think they are a great br
this spot treatment really did nothing for me
it smells pretty bad in my opinion
the smell is really bad
the aroma was very off putting-really didn't enjoy this
not in a good way
my face did not feel clean after using.
it's not very good for removing makeup.
pretty good at taking light make up off
it does leave my skin feeling really smooth
've been using it after another cleanser to get that smooth feel
i don't feel like it's really cleaning my face.
my face did not feel clean after this
i don't feel that it cleans my fave quite the way the original does
my skin did feel smooth after the first use
i don't feel that it really does too much of a difference to my skin to purchase
it felt really heavy after applying.
i really wanted to like this.
it felt too much that my skin felt oily
all in all its nice to have if your budget allows extra stuff
the scent is pretty strong although it doesn't last
unfortunately it had a very fishy smell
i wanted to like this mask!
although it was fun to try
it is really cool to take off your skin
that's basically what i feel about this thing
it did nothing, fun to do but thats about it.
we thought it was gimmicky (although fun).
i feel like you need a lot of product to cover your face well
made me break out like crazy
it was definitely fun to use
it's definitely a cool product
i did find that it really made my face feel refreshed
i definitely like this product
thought it was super cool
it also made me break out really bad.
all in all it's a fun idea
i could feel it sitting in my pores
it did nothing for me except make my skin feel greasey i have dry skin
my face felt really greasy
it's too bad because the effect of taking it off was freaking awesome
i don't know if i would spend $75 on a fun moisturizer
the fun part is to remove it -- you could feel that the mask is pulled from your face
the mask itself is just alright
it's fun to play once
it felt nice to apply it
if you think this will be fun my advice to you is: use lots of tissues
i wanted so badly to love this
it seems to work great for everyone else
i feel like i am wasting so much product!
it sets really fast by the time i was done mixing
i do not feel like it made a difference
a real disappointment from a line that i really like
it smelled nice but it did not remove my makeup.
tight feeling is not a good thing
honestly i have not noticed any huge differences in my skin
i really liked the packaging.
i loved how refreshed my skin felt just after the first use
i really wanted to love this!
i like that idea of this cream
i feel my skin "drinking" it up
it makes me feel like i have a mask on
i take very good care of my skin
'm being pretty honest to say this is not a good product
will not re- purchase i think this product will be good for somebody with oily skin
it'll either make my skin beautiful or it will make me break out
it just didn't feel that great on my skin
the only thing i really dislike is how it has a sticky consistency after applying on my face
this is definitely for only a few skin tones unfortunately
it made my face feel so heavy
even with its light feel
i really wanted to love this product because i've seen a lot of good reviews
it seemed like worked like a magic for some people
to make it really work
so for me personally this product was definitely unnecessary
i really really wanted it to work
i really like this
am having a very hard time using this product
i found it makes my skin look
the color does not match my skin as i have very light skin
i really wanted to like this
pretty pricey with all that said.
so the product removes makeup pretty well.
which is very upsetting cuz i love this
i know it affects everyone different so hopefully others won't have the same reaction as i did
this is a really hard product to review properly
she said it was really oily
am i really the only person that thinks this smells like boot grease?
i've heard such good things all over youtube
well....i wanted to love this.
at first i really liked it.
it made my skin feel weird
not even filled the whole way
i really wanted to love this but i don't.
at this price it's definitely going back.
i feel that this primer looked like a white film all over my face
that definitely wasn't the case
made skin feel nice did nothing for pores at all
either really good or really bad
i really disliked it
when applying this primer it felt very nice
i also noticed that this did not really reduce my pores or fine lines
this is really like an other eye cream.
feels good when applied but no results.
it just looked awful
i really gave it a chance
thought it would be a good night eye cream
the thing that made me really upset is the dryness
my skin is really hard to please!
the worst part is that i can't use it very often or it makes my skin really irritated which makes me wonder what the heck is in it
i really wanted to like this eye cream
it broke me out really badly around my eyes everytime i used it
it did feel nice while i was applying it
so wanted to try the eye cream
i really wanted to like this product since i have purchased other items from it cosmetics that really works for my skin
you seem to need a good deal of product to cover the whole eye area
i feel it has done some good.
i really wanted to love this eye cream.
i really wanted to love this product
i really wanted to love this
it's really a shame because i think it's a great moisturizer
this product is definitely not for me
not one i liked
this is definitely the moisturizer for you
you make some good stuff
i really wanted to love this moisturizer because of all of the great reviews
the smell is okay
i do not like products that feel too wet to sleep in
while this product did leave a damp feel to my skin it wasn't too bad
definitely not good to use under makeups
it just holds everything in
it feels nice going on
i really wanted this to work.
made me break out like crazy
my skin was all okay
the only good thing is it feels very hydrating when first applied
really didn't see or feel any difference in my skin
the good part is yes
i really wanted to like this honestly, i tried.
it sort of made my skin look very dull
i personally think it's best used for people with intense redness who want to use it under a foundation
thought this maybe a great way to have to cut down on that
i like doing that
i look pretty washed out when i use it
i figured it'd be good to use on my red days
it felt disgusting to the touch
it works if you have pretty nice skin already.
overall, though, it's just okay.
this stuff is very light on me.
thought that this was just what i needed to feel comfortable in my skin
out on my very fair complexion
as i really do not like to wear a full face of makeup on an every day basis
i found that this product made my entire face look very shiny
not in a flattering way at all
i feel as though this product might work out
my skin looked so even in regards to color
it made me look like a ghost
the consistency was also too think for my liking.
it still felt greasy
i really wanted to like it
it says he likes it
did not look great under makeup
it caused me to have a pretty big flare up
really wanted this to work for my sensitive
found out it was this cream all along that was soooo hard to remove from my face
it goes away pretty quick
it isn't really helping either
does nothing to really help my acne.
makes my skin feel disgusting afterwards
this cleanser made my skin really freak out
wrinkles here we come
definitely helps to remove make up
i feel i have to work at it more to get the product to melt
there's nothing that really made me feel like it would be my next choice to purchase
this feels so nice on the face
i find it very difficult to rinse this stuff off.
it definitely did not work for waterproof
i really liked the applicator
however i don't feel like it takes my mascara off very well
i really wanted to like this
the product works really well for getting off foundation
try it out myself
the oil didn't help with making me feel like my face was clean
feel of this product on my skin
smell that i liked
it did do a good job of removing my makeup
i find the whole process so strange
i really wish this worked for me as it seems to work for everyone else
what i'm really rating it for is the smell!
i really like how this makes my skin feel
what's really making me take away two stars is that everytime i use it
everything i put over it balls up terribly
which is always a small miracle for me
even though it feels nice on my face
i guess it's a nice enough cream
the smell is hard to describe
i think it is actually pretty effective
i really liked this as a moisturizer
it also doesn't smell very good
i really wanted to love this product
really wanted to like it
it's nice to be connected to a cause
i really wanted to love this after reading the description
the product is just "ok" for the money.
it's really too bad
i really wanted to love this product as it had good reviews
it feels like a quality product
really makes my skin feel overdone
other then that my skin felt amazing.
it definitely didn't brighten my under eye area
i wanted to love this product too.
the smell is also pretty bad.
i really wanted to love this cream.
the first step product smells so bad
it is just okay.
was it really cleaning my skin?
it's a good mask in the fact that it feels nice going on
wanted to like this product
i really had to rub it off
also that super greasy feeling it left behind was not fun
the bottle is so small i feel you'd go through it really fast
but definitely give it a try you might love it!
this set did not give me the 'clean' feeling that i have been accustomed to
i really really like this product.
luckily with the oil the smell is really light
makes my skin feel nice
it made me breakout like crazy
the one who gets a breakout from a product everyone else loves
really really really good
i felt like i had to rub my face too hard when i was applying it
does not feel good on my face
my skin felt great and wasn't irritated.
you really have to work it into your skin so that all of the white is gone
definitely not for me.
so you really have to rub it in a lot for it to absorb
really hard to get it even on my face
i really really wanted to like this.
i think the cream works well
i got this thinking it would be perfect since it says it's for any
i loved everything about it except for one thing.
i can seriously put this stuff on at 11 pm
i needed to use a decent amount to get it to spread over my whole face/neck as it's pretty thick
think it's just that way with my skin which really blows because i loved so many things about it
the packaging is cool so that's basically what you're paying for
my skin did not feel stripped after using it
knew it was going to be a quality product
felt like it did a good job of washing my face
i wish this worked better with my skin type
this set is alright.
it made my skin feel very nice afterwards
i really wanted to like this
i love the idea though.
i like the idea of this set
this cleanser was interesting to try for sure!
i really like the idea of this duo
i really dislike it
i really enjoyed the oil.
once i put my moisturizer on my skin felt good though
idk, it just wasn't really for me.
i really wanted to like this product more
i really like the bar soap
i felt like this was a pretty good cleanser.
when i was done using it it made my face feel really clean
this set does make my face feel super clean.
very odd after feeling
i really was hoping this would be something great
was freaking out a little bit
it did feel clean
definitely does remove makeup
it does give me a pimple here
the serum pa let this came with is really good though
i like the idea
i just feel like for the money
i really liked this product
loved the way my skin felt
was a little concerned about changing as i have super sensitive skin: i think the system is really great interms of removing dirt
see if it works well for you
it was kind of hard
this has a very weird smell.
i've used just about everything out there including homemade masks using some pretty interesting ingredients
this stuff was on another level of bad smells
that was tough to get off
i didn't really notice a huge difference for my skin
only nice thing about the product is that it mosifurizes under your eye
i think is eye cream is okay not in love with it
overall its just ok
which is saying a lot for my skin
yeah it did a fine job
i don't think it worked well for the price
i feel like i wasted my points
i just hate it so much because it just looks i put a lots glitter in my face
definitely returning this product.
i would have to start off by saying this has very cute packaging
it has a nice effect just not on certain spots of my face because like i said it clumps up
i sort of like this product
'm always trying to go more for a matte-finish
it is really pretty
it was just way too glittery for me.
'm always on the lookout for things that claim to be illuminating
really pretty if you want to look like a unicorn all day
maybe would be nice for a highlighter
was there maybe a sparkle here or there?
maybe someone with different skin
honestly stoped being a tarte fan a long time ago because the products they keep trying to sell feel cheap
definitely not for me
i loved how it felt on my face.
this is definitely glittery
it is definitely glittery
this was obviously made for a children's play make up set
when you put it on the face it looks like a very light highlight
seriously that's what it looks like.
in all honestly i really did like the "glow" it gave me
if you want to look like a disco ball than this is the product for you
good luck to you all if that's the look your going for
to be nice i'm going to assume there are distinctly different batches
t was obviously sparkles
it looked really promising
i've tried tarte's skin care stuff before
the skin care is just a flop for me personally
this product is basically a very light (i.e.
this was definitely a miss for me.
this might be okay as just a highlight
that's just how it looks on
definitely not by itself
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
the only way i can see myself using this product is for my body in the summer time when i want to look more glowy
i really wanted to love this product
it did give me a nice highlight on my cheekbones
it makes your skin look pretty
a shame because i really love a lot of other products lancome makes
this one was definitely a miss for me
i did not feel like it worked great for under the eye circles
want something that feels like a primer
i think that this is good to use if you have normal skin under your eyes
it really does brighten the under eye area.
i noticed a pretty strong fragrance with this product right away
the consistency was okay
i don't really know how i feel about this product
anyone else feel this way?
i feel like it didn't make a big difference on the brightening side
this product is great for when your eyes need a little refresher / when you haven't gotten much sleep
i really didnt like this eye cream.
i don't feel like i can really give a quality review on a week of testing this
i really grew to like it
really wanted to enjoy this one…
i don't think it really brightens or helps with dark circles
ii was really hoping that this would help rid myself of those deep dark circles i always have under my eyes that take ages to cover with concealer
my dad struggles with very dark
not the other there is definitely a big difference
i did feel that my foundation applied a bit smoother
it actually stings me eyes quite a bit
wouldn't purchase the whole thing
either way i feel there is better out there.
it really wasn't very good either
it was kind of a weird consistency
this eye balm reminds me a lot of that product
i feel like they're pretty much all the same
i guess the formula feels nice on your fingers
thought it was just ok
it had a nice clean smell too.
despite that fact i liked everything about this product
it made it feel really greasy even when putting a very small amount on
the smell is a little weird too.
it makes me breakout
too bad because all of the other products are great
it feels ok in the morning
used it once and broke me out really bad.
this gave me no visible results which totally bummed me out
that's all it really claims to do
it absorbs well, & i kinda liked the smell.
unfortunately, this just doesnt work.
i do love it under my eyes
if this was around the $30 i might buy it just because my skin feels nice to the touch
it's a high cost for something that isn't really making a difference in my skin
it's really strong & it irritates my eyes.
the smell is an issue for me as i dislike it very much
not for me, especially for this price!
if that makes sense
i can't say my makeup last longer with this i kinda feel as if it wears off kinda quick
i feel like this makes me look oily through the the day
makes me want to take my makeup off.
but i like the idea of this product.
so hopefully it isn't.
which is really what i look for when choosing a primer
i really wanted to love this, but i just don't.
not a bad smell which can drive me nuts so that's positive
it makes me break out
it definitely is not the same product
it is really nice by itself, but not as a primer.
i am pretty sure this gave me pimples.
i just thought it would smell a lot more like coconut
i really like the smell
i wanted to like this so bad!
it never really set into my skin
it's really strong which i'm not a fan of
i feel this sometimes separates my foundation
i loved the feel of it though because it felt like it could really lock on foundation
i don't think it helped my foundation stay put
definitely a no for someone with texture
i liked the texture and how it looked on.
the way it feels
for people like me who wear a full face everyday
if i'm having a bad skin day i feel this just totally makes all my imperfections even more obvious
the fact that it has some kind of shimmer to it is not the best
feel it plays well with my skin
but i think this was way too hydrating for me.
i think it would be a nice product for those who are truly truly dry skin
i've heard pretty good things about milk/micellar waters
it left a weird film on my face
it was hard to tell if it was really cleaning the face
i really wanted to be
this always leaves a lot of product on
i don't want to spend money on skin care because it smells good
it does a pretty good job at removing my make up
purchased: green teai decided to try it out since there were really good reviews
it felt like a gel going on
i knew it was gonna be a gentle cleanser
i really wanted to love these because they were such a great deal
was definitely a waste of money
not applying it or the feel of it on my skin
i felt this product under my foundation sitting there
this is definitely not a bad product
it does make the skin look pretty
i imagine this would be a good product for someone who has drier skin
i felt nothing from having it on.
was breaking out really bad
i really wanted to like this product
for me, this was just okay.
because i really wanted this to work
which i thought it was weird for being a gel moisturizer
it did make my skin feel softer
i liked it as moisturizer, felt good on the skin.
i loved the feeling of this on my skin
definitely not good for my face
which gets really bad during the winter
i really do like this primer.. alot!
i really wanted to love this
it feels very nice going on
i liked the idea that it's a moisturizer
i love the feel of this on my skin
initially it made my face feel amazing.
i definitely recommend this product if you have combo skin
really work well as a primer
feels so good when you put it on
giving it two stars because i feel like it could work for the right person
i wanted to love this because it feels amazing to the touch
that was doing ok
i really wanted something that wasn't oily
this cream really never sunk in my skin
i love love love the way this product felt when i put it on
it was really strange.
while i love the way it feels
it feels like nothing on the face
this product is definitely has something that is not good for you
not a fan of the feeling.
you can feel it right when you put it on.
it makes me break out.
this was just ok.
my skin looked nice after applying
may work for others but definitely not for me.
the gel cream formula does feel great when i apply it
it left a weird film on my face?
i feel like this primer helped keep my makeup on my face longer
it definitely has staying power
i feel like this cover up your pores well
was really excited to try it since i have rather large pores on my nose
the color stinks it is way too dakr for me.
for soneone with skin issues like me this really helps me feel more confidant even if its not matte
definitely not my go-to choice for primers
because this is definitely medium
'm really bummed this didn't work
i liked a lot of things about this product.
but one thing i hated was the color.
i would definitely buy
there is definitely no oil control here.
which makes me very sad because this really controlled my oil
i think this might work if you have really oily skin
my skin is pretty clear
this stuff does work.
i think it does a good job mattifying on contact
but the packaging is really bad in my opinion.
secondly the package is pretty giant
that's pretty much all it had going on
have found not a lot of products that do a good job of controlling it
i really wanted to love this.
i tried this stuff under my makeup
my highlight was always the first thing to go
honestly nothing positive about this mask.
this one made me feel like my face was on fire the entire time
it made my face feel really icy
the product just feels really greasy
see how that works since i have seen a lot of good reviews about that product
also gives a shine to my face which is already is pretty oily
i brought this because it seems like a good two in one product
wanted something with spf
i really wanted to love this product since i love clinique
felt nice on my face
i really like the metal applicator because it definitely does cool
just because it does make my skin feel smoother
this mask made my face feel tight
i didnt really see any improvement in fine lines or texture
this actually tingles quite a bit when you're using it
i really wanted to like this--especially because of the price
i just honestly haven't really noticed a difference
this product is definitely not for sensitive skin as it has made me break out like crazy
i really wanted to love this after all the hype.
i really wanted to love it
i am in love trying new things.
trying to be very gentle with it now to get it back to where it was
i am sure it depends on your skin.
so to me this is very
yes with boscia products because i really do like them
idea behind this because i love both gel
its really a shame as it did work so well with the exception of breaking me out
maybe it was just to deep of a moisturizer for me
i always give skincare about a month or sometimes two before i write it off as a bad product for me because i know it takes time for it to develop with the body chemistry
this cream feels really good to put on.
i'll just start out by saying i gave this a star cause it smells great
the way the product looks is very eye catching
the only reason i give it a few stars is because it smells great
i can say that it absorbs really quickly
when the sa tried it on my hand it felt amazing.
super disappointing because so many people love it
this was just no good which is weird because i love josie's products
" i really wanted to love this oil i take very good care of my skin
use everything she makes
see what you think
while i wanted to love it
it just didn't work great for me
i personally liked the scent
i feel like this may be better for someone with dry skin
it did feel greasy
it felt like a thicker moisturizer perfect for night time which is exactly when i used it
it felt so refreshing on my skin
i think all skin types will love this!
i probably would go with a different moisturizer
this product is definitely very greasy.
this stuff made my skin so beautiful after using it for a few weeks
this moisturizer literally make my skin so nice
even i literally haven't even worn make up when i always at the very least wear a sheer coverage foundation
it goes on like desitin
thankfully i tried this at night because i could never go out looking like a hard boiled egg
i feel like this is something you could use every other day
it made me break out terribly
it definitely gave my skin such a pretty glow
i don't ever use this product in the morning because it feels like it would definitely make makeup move around like crazy
would definitely recommend trying it
i wanted to love this so bad.
i do feel like there is some greasy feeling
i've always thought her line to be a bit overpriced
the quality is certainly there
i feel like some of my small breakouts could be attri
i felt like i couldn't breathe with it on.
but it's really nice to use on my neck and chest.
don't think my skin likes it much because my skin texture got worst on it
sorry but you're going back sister.
it really did nothing to make my skin look
it was not a good look.
which i personally think is a better moisturizer
sounded so good on paper
i wanted to love this since it sounded so good.
i don't think it really helps it either
there is nothing really wrong with this cleanser
i find it works okay
it feels like it leaves a film
since my skin is acne prone i thought this "deep clean" wash would work great for me
i liked this cleanser because it really felt like it deep cleansed my face
after just one time i realized that my skin started getting a weird texture like bumpy
i always like trying new things
i loved how clean my skin felt after the first use
obviously for the splurge i will use it up
you have to really rub it in
here are my thoughts
this product is just okay.
the price is really a bummer
formula is too light weight for me personally
maybe i'm too young to use it.
get the same stuff
thinking that maybe i'm missing something
i would like to start off by saying that i have pretty good skin no major issues except for really really bad dark circles
this makes no sense
odd because i thought you have to mix this
i really enjoyed putting this serum on just to give my skin a little pick me up before i ran err
this stuff does a great job if you like matte looks
t definitely did a good job keeping that area matte for my makeup for a while
it definitely mattifies the skin
i don't really like the texture as well.
i don't really see the value in this product
this is definitely not a primer
i'll definitely keep using this
definitely for use over your makeup!
i’m not quite sure what to think of this product
i’m just not sure how i feel about it for my dry skin
definitely a go-to on those no makeup days for me
it feels good on skin when you apply
seeing the eyes really badly
i feel like it leaves a layer of something after using it
i really wanted to love it
i feel as though if my skin was different i would
i wanted to like this a lot.
everytime i buy eye creams to see if it works i always try it out on one eye first
nothing really happened with my dark circles
the best thing about the biossance eye gel is that it's very cooling
it does a good job of keeping the skin under
obviously this is an hg product for some people
it gave me a really bad reaction
i feel bad saying this because i know a br
worked really hard on this
when you put it on it feels nice
i really wanted to love this
always on the lookout for something that helps my awful dark circles
guess the other one worked better for me
but it feels really greasy.
i really had high hopes for this serum after doing alot of research
this feels good going on
it's definitely not the product for me.
they clean my face pretty well
they have a really strange smell when you apply them to your face
although i like the way this makes my skin feel it broke me out pretty bad within a week
i definitely like the texture
i honestly wanted to love this the texture is amazing
makes my skin feel good when i put it on
i feel like i'm forever on the hunt for a good eye cream
i really wanted this to help brighten my under eye area since i have dark circles
i guess i am the odd ball since it has worked for so many others
this definitely isn't for me
i would go through the whole day feeling slimy
i wanted to love it so bad
so far it's really done nothing for me
this one reminds me of the feel of some others
really wanted to like this because of the positive reviews
the other parts of my face feel as though they're still gonna crack
i really wanted to like this.
i really like the olehenriksen line
figured their hydrator would prove to be just as good
started peeling pretty badly
how it felt going on
left my skin feeling pretty good
unfortunately, my skin hates it.
felt good going on
it it definitely light-feeling
this moisturizer was just okay for me.
it is hard to find products that actually keep my skin matte
so with that said
i would say that it's definitely a lightweight moisturizer which was great
didn't necessarily feel like it worked with my skin or really helped with my oiliness
this moisturizer was just ok for me.
maybe you have to keep buying it to see a difference
if you choose to use it because you have good experiences with clinique
it does make me feel good
i really wanted to like this product
really wanted to love it
there must be something in this that makes it just unbearable for me to use
yes, that's how i felt.
i really wanted to love it
i really wanted to love this product.
i wanted to love this product because it left a beautiful finish
i also liked the fact that you were getting the benefits of hope in a jar moisturizer with it
it makes your skin feel nice
i wish this worked better with my skin because it feels so comfortable on the skin
heard so many good things about this product
you can definitely tell it is make up.
i've always loved philosopy products
darker colors so that everybody can enjoy
i liked how light it was and it smelled amazing.
there are better smelling things out there that get the job done just as well
the way this product smells bothered me a lot
i think this helps with the texture
while their other products feel nice
not as great as some of their others
i felt like this worked ok
i loved the way it made my skin look right after
was really bummed my skin broke out so badly because the sephora clerk really played this up as my go to for my discoloration
i feel i could probably find something just as good that my skin likes a bit better
i really, really wanted to love this product.
s smell pretty bad
well let's just say i always love caudalie products
which really bummed me out
which really bummed me out
i really wanted to like this product
my face felt slimey
it does not feel like my skin absorbs it
unfortunately it made me breakout
when i added to my foundation i did not look dewy
i really wanted to love this
thought this would be okay
the smell is definitely irritating to me a bit
however, it does smell pretty amazing!
not everything works for everyone
it was just the right consistency
definitely could've been a different product that did this
i really wanted to love this product
everyone seemed to love it
the only think i liked about it was the smell
i gave it 2 stars because i love the idea
so basically adding more moisture to my skin.
definitely not what i thought it would be for my face
honestly nothing different with it compared to others
definitely not something i want to put on my face
want so badly to love it
it broke me out so bad and nothing breaks me out.
it's definitely not for someone with acne
my first impression of it was this is really oily
i put my foundation on it looked really nice with it the oil as a base
why everyone loves this so much
i guess everyone's skin is different
felt pretty good when i first bought it
i really wanted to try this oil
i really want to love this product
i wanted to love this so bad
my skin type is pretty normal
curiosity got the better of me
still not sure how i feel about this serum
it does work nice as a primer too for makeup!
but again the smell is amazing and it's pretty.
this oil made them look so big
my foundation just looked soooo bad i cant even tell you
it helped my skin a lot i love the smell
i really wanted to love this product
nothing especially just looks nice it does sink in
it does a good job of making my foundation last all day
i loved how the base makes my makeup look
it gave me a terrible head ache
the 24k gold elixar is definitely better then this
not good for your skin
i really wanted to love this stuff because everyone is raving about it
it kept my makeup looking okay
not a good primer in my opinion.
it made my foundation pull in such a weird way
i felt it was quite tacky
this product was really hyped up.
it really is none of those things.
honestly it made to difference to bethe packaging is pretty
the one upside is that it smells very pretty.
i so wanted to love this
i'll be sure to have some fun with it as it does make highlighters
it was not good
i really really wanted to love it
it's really not that good
not good this cream was very greasy
just like everyone else here
this product did not remove my makeup very well.
i feel like the product also just stays on my skin
i love the erborian line so this purchase was a no-brainer for me
to be honest i really don't see any glow on my skin after application
the good reason for it is that it is not an oil cleanser
i really wanted this product to work for me.
i really wanted to love this since i read proactiv's ingredients
it feels really nice once you put it on
i really tired to like this product because it has spf40
it made me feel like i was applying plaster on my face
i don't think it absorbs very well
i really wanted to like this
i feel like this product only enhances it
not sure why they ruined a good thing.
i really wanted to love this product.
here are the ingredientsin order: water
do like that aspect
it honest to got gave me a headache because of how strong the scent was
it most definitely is not!
mother as she knows how much i love
the smell really got to me
which didn't bother me it smelled really good
i didn't feel like it was doing a thorough cleansing
the smell is obviously very artificial
thought that this might've actually been the one thing to help get rid of them
thought wow this product will work wonders
so this is great at really resurfacing my skin
i really wanted to like this
my skin felt so dirty
but can i definitely say it helped my skin?
felt it was only okay
at the same time really cool
after the second use my skin didn't seem very different
i also didn't feel like it made a big difference with my skin
it fit my face well
mask is semi fun for a one time try
it looked so neat
i liked this mask okay
the mask itself felt really cooling
love the way the mask feels
if you want a good lift mask
after i put it on it felt amazing
keep touching my face because of the fun
it felt really soothing
thought it looked very cool
i actually really liked it when i tried it out
i actually really enjoyed it
was that it felt great while it was on
i really wanted to live this product
i tried to find some good things about it
was pretty mad i paid $12 for it as well
'm sure it's great for other skin types
bought this thinking it would be good for my sensitive skin
kinda scared to use it again
it was obviously sitting on top of my skin all night
when i have the money to splurge on a product like this i'll definitely do so
don't see or feel a single bit of difference
ok so first of all my skin is combo
figured it would be nice
it did feel nice going on
it made my face feel so heavy
this did not play nice with my skin.
as i so wanted it to work out
it was just ok for me.
i really wanted to like this
i really love its texture
definitely beats out the tatcha water cream especially considering the price
you're paying for a good product here
just too good of a job on my skin
i did like the feel of it and had high hopes.
felt really nice on my face
i really wanted this to be my end all be all pre makeup moisturizer
it feels really nice going on the skin
afterward makes my skin feel really soft
i really wanted to like this because of all the reviews
it never really absorbed into my skin.
i really wanted to like this.
wanted to change things up
it's really a shame because i will sing the praises of some other products in this line
if anything i felt like it dried me out
i love the feel of this cream.
i really wanted to love this product.
hopefully you'll have better luck.
i don't know what specially is in this that makes me break out
i think you can definitely find a better product
the breakout was very obviously from this product
i really wanted to like this since i love her original products
this product did a really good job of getting rid of my makeup however
for some reason it always feels like i pumped my eyes full of this
i honestly feel like you'd have better luck using a micellar water cleanser instead of this
i really need to do something about the blackheads on my nose
i really wanted to love it.
i figured i would love this eye cream as well
i so wanted to love this product.
for the price this product is really just blah
i really wanted to like this product becuase it's natural
i really love the packaging
i've kept it around as a backup if i run out of my good stuff
they felt like they were absorbing
the only thing nice about this mask is how cool it feels when it bubbles up
just not a very good product all around
you should feel clean after using it
i find that my face does feel a bit stripped for it being what it is
the smell is pretty bad
it's honestly been a life saver for my skin
it was really nice on my skin when i used it
this was so bad on my skin
was really excited to try a gel cleanser instead of the bars
i really really wanted to love this cleanser.
sad to say that this one is going to have to go back
considering it's actually a good product
it's nice but i'm not in love with it.
i really dislike the packaging
definitely cannot travel with it
was so sure id love it
it is not great around the eyes as it stings terribly
i really enjoyed using this face wash.
she really did love it
i can see this being a good option for people who don't like the idea of bar cleansers
but this is kinda a miss for me.
obviously wasting a lot of product
the only thing it did was smell nice.
the only two good things were that it smelled good
f you are buying this for aesthetics just know that it's pretty to start
i didn't feel a difference in the way my skin felt or looked
'm always trying new products
its not a really good cleanser.
i wanted to love this so bad
i really wanted to like this product
it definitely says what it claims
the mask works okay
it was fun to use because of the colour
i really wanted to try it
this thing is pretty much gone
find peel off masks just so fun
pros: made me feel like sonic
fun to put on/ take off
really the only result was that my face felt physically softer by touch
this mask really stinks
there is definitely other masks out there that can do the same as this one with an actually decent scent
it was not a healthy "that means it's working" feeling
which felt like an eternity
the most disgusting-smelled thing i ever put on my face
i find this mask to have a very natural earth he sent
when you first put it on nothing really happens
i liked the consistency
however, it really worked.
overall, i liked the cleanser but didn't love it.
i really wanted to love this.
i really would love to give it more stars.
it also feels nice when you are cleaning your face with it
i really want to love this item
i do think it does nice things for my skin
its just so cool
fun to try out but nothing i'd repurchase.
but it's so fun to use.
it's not a good feeling
i really like this product.
while it was fun to try
it gets points for being fun
i definitely can say it is fun to use it
the idea was good though.
i don't feel like it has made a difference on my face
it never really dries
i love putting this on my skin.
when 20 min are done i don't feel
it smells really good tho
it felt too greasy
this product definitely feels light
thought it had to be amazing
it really made me break out
wish it had worked because it did look nice in my collection
haven't noticed anything really special about this
i make bad decisions
still smells so good though
'm giving it 3 stars
was so sure i'd love this
although it smells nice it just felt like i placed grease on my face
i really wanted to love this.
i don't really feel like this does anything for me
it does really smell like watermelon though :)
i will say the cleanser felt nice
i think this a bit like the watermelon sleeping mask for me
no wonder my skin felt so tight
wanted so badly to like it
everything else was good
i think it's a nice to have
she swears by this stuff
honestly saw no difference in my skin
i really wanted to love this product
i really hope it was just a fluke
not really doing what was claimed
it felt really nice on my skin
this product was alright.
i don't see or feel any difference in my skin
i honestly feel like it does nothing
it goes pretty fast.
the smell is terrible i'm like all the other like curious serums out there this one is definitely not worth your time ladies there so many others
the product did work work as well for me
this stuff made the skin around my eyes feel very tight
it sure feels like it
i wanted something to help with dark spots
i feel like this is one of those products that seems like its working only when you actually have it on your face
i really wanted it to work because i love some of their other products
others seem to have great luck with it however
also the smell is pretty bad
i got it for myself in the gift set "think beautiful thoughts" i'll keep using it
this stuff irritated the heck out of my skin
start doing all of the wonderful things it said it would
i wanted to love this because i like philosophy products
it felt pretty nice when i first put it on
i really wanted to like this.
it just felt like moisturizer
it definitely caused pimples for me
feels really nice on the skin
wanted so badly to love it
i really dislike this mask
my mom got this stuff in some beauty box
only thing i really see is the glow when i wake up
it gives a very nice cooling sensation when you do so
i wish i loved this moisturizer as much as i thought i would
i liked this moisturizer a lot
it seemed like it would be great for my skin
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
it made my skin feel very hydrated maybe a little to much
it left a weird feel to my skin after
i really enjoy the feel of this product.
so here we go:skintype:combo/acne prone
this has really really helped
unfortunately it felt heavy on my face
wish it worked for my skin because otherwise it made my skin feel so nice
it feels really nice at first application
it smelled nice, and it felt nice going on.
the only positive thing i can say about this is that the purple color is really pretty
i think i was expecting to see something special with this
they all agree it smells horrible
i so wanted to love this.
i don't think this is good for every skin type as it claims
i felt like that is all this mask does
it felt nice on the skin
by applying amount just enough to cover my whole face
break me out so bad
for the price i feel like i should have seen something
i really wanted to love this due to all the great reviews
i guess everyone's skin is different
all it did was make me look like an oompa loompa
i wanted to love this because the idea of what it's supposed to accomplish in theory sounds great
this one is good if you want go light
it's okay for very light coverage.
it's an alright product
i wanna have something really hydrated
it really did apply like a dream
coverage is good enough for everyday wear
i'll keep wearing it and see how it looks.
i wish i'd have taken before pics because is like to see exsctly what it has done for my skin
i liked it quite a lot
however with that came pretty bad breakouts
overall i did enjoy the product i just think 7 days isn't long enough to really put this product to the test
it felt good on my skin
which is always something i look for after ingredients
here are the pros for me.
now for the not so good.
it smells amazing however it was very heavy feeling in my face
this product is really greasy
while it felt very nice going on my skin
something about the fragrance was too overwhelming
left my face feeling really greasy
i found it very nice in the aspect of hydration
because that's basically what it is-- a pleasant
gave me a feeling it would work
definitely didn't feel a thing
so when i saw this i thought i definitely needed it
because i was soooo convinced this was going to be the most amazing product
mess with a very good thing
i really like the smell.
the only reason i'm not returning it is the great smell
i also did feel like my skin looked more alive
i felt like even though it was a moisturizer
not in a good way
definitely not a holy grail
this gel product definitely does what it claims.
it feels so weird on the skin too.
it felt like a film that just say over my face
i kinda figured something was up
the one thing i'm not too fond of is the smell.
i wanted to like this product.
i could feel the difference in my skin
product felt like it was working great after i put it on
i do love the way it makes my skin seem brighter
am sure i would see great results like others
i find that i had to put on a lot to feel hydrated
it does feel nice on the skin
gosh darn do they break me out
this is probably great for people who are not acne-prone
my face doesn't feel very clean afterwards
i've heard such good things about this br
i felt it made me break out
sure it smells good
i think it does a great job at removing makeup
'm not really sure about its brightening effects
it would work great until i realized how bad the chemicals were on my sensitive skin
i like a lot of the line
it was a bit weird on the consistency
i like a lot of other stuff from this line
my face does feel cleam
i really wish i loved this product because it's very light-weight
i am definitely a fan of the texture/how it applies
it would be a really nice cream
it even feels good going on.
there is a different feel
because i love a lot of things about it
every time it gives me pretty bad
i liked the container as well
i really liked how light it felt on my skin
i really wanted to like this product
loved the how light it was
i don't like the way it feels
it just kinda sits on my skin
i didn't see or feel anything exceptional when i woke up
i just thought my skin was going through a transition
i feel like i'm layering so much on because i can barely feel it
i wanted to like this moisturizer because i've heard great things about this line
i really hated this cream
was really hoping into liking this
it feels so dry that i feel like if i have no moisturizer on
it didnt do anything amazing for my skin
too bad as i liked the sent and packaging.
i really wanted to love this product
it absorbs really well
this one is definitely a no-go for me
i so wanted to like this
really gave it a chance
good thing i only got the sample size i guess
i really wanted to love it
found myself dealing with crazy acne all over my face
i like a lot of the ingredients
this made me break out like crazy
it definitely has a matte finish however
really holds your oils in place
so seeing as how my cheeks
i heard nice things about this moisturizer
i believe it gave me some breakouts
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to love it
but this one really disappoints me.
i felt it was just sit on the skin
i wanted to love this stuff.
it felt so heavy in my skin.
also it makes me really oily.
at the moment i look as if i had a really bad chemical peel
unfortunately my skin did not react very well
my skin still felt
i really like the eye cream
i am not sure it's for me as the cream is very thick
i wanted to love this cream so badly!
it does make my skin look young
feel only when it is on it is hydrating you would think it would do more
if you put makeup on top of this it would be very hard to blend
that is sad to say because i was so excited about this creme i feel the eyecream is the same way the eyecream is very waxy
really does not make a difference i just think you can find better that is more nice to have on the skin
i want to love this so bad.
well i really feel it all day
i really wanted to believe it was amazing
the only nice thing i can really say is that it's not overly scented
which is always a good thing
this cream is really not for me
she liked it a lot
i am definitely returning this product.
i still love it.
i really wanted to like this product
the smell was horrible, but i got over it.
i love how it makes my skin feel.
the smell is just so bad
i so so so wanted to like this product.
the scent really is tough to stomach
and now it literally stinks!
this is a great moisturizer it really makes my skin feel soft
the reason i'm giving it 3 stars is because it smells really really bad
it sure smells the same
i really like the way it feels on the skin.
it does not smell good at all
have really loved it
everything about it is different
i really tried to make it work
feel it first to see if it works for you
i only still use it because it does work really well
am i the only one here that gets my eyes irritated while applying this product??
how it irritates my eyes even if i'm not applying it really close to my eyes
it didn't feel like it really did a great job moisturizing either
i feel like i already look greasy in odd places on my face
they way it felt on my face
the way it smelled anymore
the smell is just too strong for me
the smell was making me feel ill.
this product was so-so for me.
think i can speak pretty accurately about my experience
not a good thing for your face products
to be honest i'm not sure if this really works.
the combination of the other stuff makes it smell weird
i wanted to like this product
did not leave my skin feeling good
the smells really not that bad
this feels great once you rub it on your skin
i always take care of my skin
also, i felt it added to my oil issue.
obviously i will not repurchase.
because all this has done for me so far is make my face feel hot
it's definitely helped with some of my fine lines
felt it was just not doing anything for me
my skin was never this bad
i think it did a decent job at keeping them from progressing
i felt like my skin looked dirty
it didnt really work as what they claim
it actually works really well as eye cream.
but i really should of gave it up.
had 6 really big pimples
i've come to realize philosophy face products just does not work for my skin
some people seem to have had great results
feel the product work
was really hoping this would really work out for me
it did give a nice feeling when it was first applied
this does feel nice under the eyes
my drugstore brand is better... sorry sephora.
i found it very frustrating to wear with makeup
i will admit this product has a really nice cooling feeling underneath my eyes
it feels nice going on
i still feel tight or near to not have applied
it does feel really nice on the eyes
there is nothing very special about it
i really liked how it helped de-puff my eyes
even though it feels nice
while i'm sure this isn't hurting me
like to use something good for tired eyes
it feels nice when you apply it
always look puffy in the morning
this definitely helps with that
that has always been a problem for me
they work wonders for my skin
i do like how smooth it makes my skin feel
i just never noticed it doing anything special.
i am sure it is great on other skin type
it is also really messy
i really wanted to like this moisturizer
my skin looks so aweful i am so embarrassed
i really regret getting this cream.
it is probably a wonderful product for someone with very oily skin as you wouldn't need to use very much
i can say that the scent is nice
don't really like it
i really liked this moisturizer.
i decided to try something different.
when purchasing this product i thought i would really enjoy it
i still felt greasy
i never felt like this got my face clean.
i always felt greasy after using it.
this was one of those cleansers that felt like it did absolutely nothing to my skin as far as cleaning it
i feel like i need to wash my face afterwards
there's still a lot of make-up coming off
thought this would be a good cleanser for me
it did not make my skin feel clean at all
it makes your face feel like you have oil all over it
i feel like they might have changed it
i felt like i had to use a lot of product
that's what this stuff feels like.
my skin did not feel clean
i guess it does get the job done without making me itchy or irritated
i also do not believe it is cleaning my face as good as the old product because i have since gotten several pimples
why did you have to take away a perfectly good product?
have always loved it
i definitely seems like that was a bad call
some things don't need to be changed especially when they are excellent
have always loved it
just did not leave my skin feeling clean at all
but this product made my face feel tight.
i dont like that tight feeling.
there was certainly no fear of my skin feeling tight
that's how my skin felt
i feel like i could find something better
it definitely seems to make my skin smooth
i've always wanted to try boscia products
her skin is totally different i am rating it as high as i am simply because it smells good
i like the feel of the foam
this does clean my face very well
it foams up really well!
figured if it was with that foreo then it'd be okay for my skin which is very sensitive
thought this would be a good choice
product runs out really fast as well.
maybe this is meant more for people who really only get one zit at a time
it always felt like i was breaking it when i twisted it lol
i could still feel the acne bumps on my skin after using the whole stick
i really don't see any difference in terms of helping to "clear up" my skin
i might as well have been putting grease on my face for all the good this product did for me
really wanted to find a new spot treatment that worked
would recommend trying because acne medicine works differently for everyone
it didn't feel strong enough to really solve my problems
recipient raved about it so i got for myself.
got this because that stuff dryed my skin like crazy i thought the boscia was working
i really wanted to like this
maybe it just wasnt for me
which is what it looks like you should be doing
this stuff was ok
i guess my acne is way too deep.
that i really like
that work really well
i think it helped
definitely make sure you spot test before you use so you dont experience what i had to
the pump also makes it really easy to use.
it did feel like it softened the skin under my eyes by a lot
i would definitely repurchase because it really does do a great job of hydrating the skin
skin around my eyes felt nice
felt like it worked pretty well
so i am done with them.
the consistency makes it feel like it's not really absorbing into your skin
it feels nice when i apply it
i really like boscia's products
has done nothing for my skin
this probably does stuff to make your eyes look younger
it did feel great going on
the only good thing about this product was the smell
i really like the way it feels on my eyes.
think that's definitely a pro for this
maybe i put too muhc under my eyes
this helps somewhat, but it's not great.
they have literally given me like 8 samples of this stuff
really loved it at first
i will say this worked great as a hand cream.
it has a spring is here type smell that makes me think of allergies
it has a pretty strong smell which i didn't like
she seems to be liking it
really does brighten skin
even after putting on makeup it made me feel greasier
i really wanted to love it
this moisturizer is just okay for me.
i don't feel like i got any hydration out of it
i can see it working really well for others
unfortunately it made my skin very dry:
hope she likes it
switched cleansers for a month thinking maybe it was just the weird weather
maybe i got a bad bottle?
that was not my experience
this one was definitely a miss
my face definitely felt really cleansed
its weird because my mom likes it
it did absolutely nothing for my face other than give me small little breakouts
it did make my skin feel softer
it is good enough for the amount of makeup i use.
'm always hesitant to try new cleansing products
t's really sad to learn that it no longer works well for my skin
i really wanted to like this product
i know how it tastes
i honestly feel like my face is breaking out
i feel like it gets the job done
when theirs others just as good
my acne is kinda coming back because i don't think this cleanses it enough
honestly i don't feel like this is especially deep cleansing
i know everyone's skin is different
my skin just never felt all the way clean after using this
it definitely is a no for me
i felt like a bar of soap would've done the same job
broke me out really bad
it does what give a a nice clean feeling
i think it makes me break out which is odd because most things don't break me out
i don't feel like it gets my face clean.
although this felt really nice
thinking maybe it would get better after my skin got used to it
which is especially bad for my rosacia
my skin definitely felt clean
thought this would be good
i really tried to give it a good amount of time to work its magic--
as a results very hard to get out of the bottle
especially because i travel a lot
she said it was good for acne
since using it i have broken out pretty bad.
really clean them out"
on about how great this stuff is
i guess i will have to keep looking!
it did leave my skin feeling good
cheeks are very big
this did make my skin feel softer
it definitely not for me
i think we all want that magic product that will help us to look better
this does a good job i thin i might try something different after this
i think it was a good start
i do like how it seems to even out my skin tone
it's hard for me to tell if this is working
even though it felt nice applying
that definitely wasn't my experience
doesn'twork as well as what she told me.use ok.
i really wanted it to work for me.
my face would feel tight
i feel like i need something a bit more rich for my face type
this is really greasy
thought it would be good for my acne-prone skin
i really wanted this to work.
did not have breakouts, feels nice, etc.
my skin absorbs it really well
its just really frustrating
feel i have given it a fair chance
the girl talked my ear off about this eye cream i thought it was the real thing
this eye cream just wasn't for me personally.
it felt nice on my skin
make sure not to get the product too close to the rim of your eyes or it will smart
i really love the umbrian clay line
as comfortable as you are imagining
it really isn't anything special.
the application is really annoying
in all i felt like i wasted a lot of time
i think i was too nice
i do feel clean after
i really wanted to love this!
i really wish it worked
but i find it very hard to use.
it's a great product if you have the patience for it
basically the whole darn line
i really wanted to like this cleanser
i really hate the strong smell of it
then i'm getting something different
it does not feel like it washes my face well
kinda bummed purchased it after i got amazing reviews from sephora staff unfortunately i broke out so much i never break out
i really wanted to love this.
the smell of too overwhelming for me
my face does not feel clean after i use it.
did not feel like my face was clean
a hard pass for me sadly :(
think that maybe a factor
anyways ifs pretty good
my skin felt good afterwards
i feel like i'm breaking out when my skin is usually clear
it was just ok
the smell is okay.
to me this was nothing really special.
that's pretty much what it feels like.
that's about the only thing i liked about this cleanser
does not remove make up very well at night
yes, it feels nice.
i didn't feel like my skin was getting clean
a big need for me
i feel like it does not clean my skin completely
i don't think it's for everyone which is sad because i really wanted to love this
i don't really like the fragrance
it does feel good after having an allergic reaction to something
i felt like i had really thick
it felt really great going on
i still don't really love it
but you can feel it sitting on your face.
i think if you wanted matte skin
weren't planning to wear makeup that day it would be fine as it does really make your skin look nice
i'll just stick to what works for me
because it does feel nice
this felt so so so good on my skin
this stuff was too strong
this somehow managed to make my skin feel tight
thought it would suit me
it really felt heavy
i really really did
also the consistency is just weird.
it always felt kind of sticky
i felt so oily i wanted to go home from work
i really wanted to like this because i have some other glamglow products that i really love
this product smelled and felt great going on.
definitely not for normal/combination skin
the price makes me want to love it
i tried this moisturizer thinking it might help
however the smell is really nice
it felt like it didn't absorb at all--it was just sitting there all day feeling greasy
t's hard to really spread across your face
idk what it is with these products they dry me out so bad
my skin has been doing very well lately in terms of acne
this product seems to break me out
i really wanted to like this product because i thought it was so cute how it came with a little dropper to apply it to your face
i am glad knowing its not for me
each time it has made me break out like crazy
i feel like nothing has changed for my skin
it broke me out terribly
i would definitely recommend it
this made me break out horrible with little bumps that i never have
i love this brand but this is a miss for me.
i really wanted to love this product.
i feel that the bottle is way too small
really wanted to love this product
it made me breakout like crazy
i always love clarins but not this one.
the only thing i like is the smell
not in a good way
it seems to be working fine that way
i switched to the balm one that really made a difference for me
it does feel cool
feels good going on
i wanted to really like this product
i think i can find something better...
everything else i've tried always make me have red spots here
now i know that the guy simply has good genes :
i felt like i had put acid on my skin.
this made my eyes feel like they were on fire!
i really wanted to like this product.
was very good about using it every day
i really thought this would do something to help my eyes
this one definitely isn't my thing
not sure what this is for.. really...
i think you would be better served by putting your money into a really good overnight moisturizer like caudalie crème riche
i just got a bad tube
i'll probably never know because it has such a strong flowery scent
to use it on myself
i don't like a lot of added fragrance in my face care though
help me look more awake than i feel
i dont really like the smell ethier
i don't quite get what the huge deal about it is
although if feels nice on my face
it may have been too great at that for me
it also dries me out pretty badly if i use it every day
it hurts something awful
it hurts when it gets in your eyes
the cleanser itself seemed really nice.
i learned the hard way.
it really feels clean when you're done
definitely cleans your face
concerns me that my wrinkles aren't getting any nurturing
it did make my skin feel nice after each use
i think it's a good product, but just not for me.
i like the way my skin feel after i wash my face
this seemed to do a great job of taking care of the slick without making me feel dried out
so that part is definitely a 5.
i think this is a good product for some just not for me
i feel like i went from perfect skin to somewhat okay with a few blemishes
it is very hard to get the product out
my face did not feel clean after using it.
i really wanted it to be a holy grail item for me
in conjunction w/ the mattifier it really did the trick
this felt so greasy
it just made me feel greasy all day.
to me i felt like it was very greasy
made it really red
this is not a good product for me
this was not comfortable for my skin
i couldn't justify the expense for something that felt so uncomfortable on my skin
this cream not only smelled pretty bad
definitely, don't waste your money.
really liked the smell
how it made my face look/feel
it did make my face feel smoother
really wish it worked for me
i almost felt like i was making my skin greasier
i hate them even more when they smell weird
the gel does feel nice going onto the skin
the first time i thought it felt really good on my face until someone pointed out that it had made my face go very blotchy
not really a good investment sorry.
pros:- cooling: definitely refreshing to put on irritated skin
still, it feels nice.
which could be a good or bad thing
the cream felt very good on my skin
i know i worked it into my skin enough
wanted to know what smelled so bad
i don't like how it feels on skin
really wanted to love this lotion based on all the reviews
my skin is very dry; it didn't improve.
this is a good product if you can get over the smell
i really haven't noticed any difference
i don't feel like i need to use a lot on my face for coverage
it is just ok.
it really is just a moisturizer.
i just got into really taking care of my skin
with that being said i don't see this working for ladies with oilier skin
i really did love this moisturizer.
that's what got it two stars
this is really nice until you try to wear makeup over it
i could feel the moisturizer on my face for a few hours after i put it on-- something i hate
i take really good care of my skin
loved it bc it absorbed really well
this is really too bad bc moisturizer felt really nice on
that made me want to try the whole murad system.
so you need quite a bit to be able to blend it on your entire face
i guess my skin decided it was done with this product
a lot of people seem to love it
would smell it before buying just to make sure you like it
it feels really light going on
i really wanted to like this product because it has a high spf
did not look good under my makeup
while it seemed really lightweight when i put it on within an hour or so of wearing it my face felt very greasy
i really wanted to wash it off because it felt like i had a mask of oil on my face
i feel like its done nothing to my face.
it is a pretty basic cleanser that gets the job done
i didn't feel as though it truly left my face feeling clean
didn't feel like it cleaned my face very well
that is good enough for me
obviously very clean after using the product
i really wanted to like this
now i gotta look for another moisturizer
hopefully i'll find one that gets the job done
really liked the consistency of it
find that i am basically foundationless in some places
give my face a smoother feel/look
im sorry people out there who loves this product let me tell you what ive been experiencing with this eyecream i do put my eyecream in between my eyebrows first day it was okay
i can feel this sitting on my skin
i really wanted to love this
no matter how much sleep i get i always have circles under my eyes
she said this was a good bet
i really regret not returning
to exchange for something that wouldn't give me little bumps all over my eyes
she said she was going to grab somebody else to help me
frankly i feel a little ripped off
i really dont feel or see a difference
i felt this was of no use.
i really like the feel of the product when i put it on
the guy pumped up this item as to how well it was going to work
really wanted this one to work.
i really feel bad
so you can see every little thing
i especially have this very deep fine line on my left eye that's been bothering me
if you're new to this stuff
'm not sure if it's really working or if i'm lying to myself
i used the whole thing because i kept hoping the results would kick in like the description
but it was just awful.
i guess i was expecting a great product for that price
really wanted this to be the product that gave me younger looking eyes
this stuff has definitely helped
not really sure that i fell in love with this moisturizer
wanted to try something different
it does have a nice cooling feeling when you first put it on
i don't really feel like this mask does much.
other then that it just feels cool
it's ok for a calming mask it makes me skin feel nice
i don't feel like i have to have it as part of my skin routine
i really wanted to love this mask.
this mask is okay.
i think i was hoping for more of a tingle?
all those fun things
it certainly doesn't make my skin feel worse
i still feel that it doesn't live quite up to the hype it has earned
it left my skin feeling good
i really wanted to love this product
unfortunately my skin hates it
it is actually quite tough to wash off
the product really messed up my skin
it really does nothing special for my skin
what in it is so bad that it makes me break out?
clear skin any day thank you
was too hard to wash off
maybe good for night time
it was too greasy for me.
i feel the tops of my eyes are smoother also.
i wanted this to work for me but it didnt.
pretty expensive for a "not sure".
difficult to wear under your foundation as your skin will always feel greasy
i know that is especially bad for the eye area
i like it because it does feel hydrating when you first apply
it was good for hydration but that's about it.
didn't feel it worked for me
it doesn`t work for me.
feel llike i've had no rest
i really like the consistency
it would be a good eye cream for me
i wasn't expecting great things to happen
one good thing came out of this experience though
it actually felt like it tightened my skin.
i wasn't a fan of how this felt to the touch:
my 70-year-old skin is in pretty good condition
i really wanted to like this product because i thought it would help with my extremely dry skin
moisturisingcons: weird consistency--should have been in a pump bottle
it makes no sense.
i don't feel like it has really hydrated my skin much at all
i needed to apply it to my face 3 times for it to not feel tight
i really wanted to love this product
the only thing i liked about this was the smell .
i really want to love it because the texture does feel really really good
i don't really think so reminds me of just a regular face lotion you can buy at a drug store
i really wanted this
i wanted something natural
really sold me on it
i think i would have liked this better if i would not have been using the yogurt night cream as well
my skin is pretty normal
my skin has felt better at the end of a long day where i forgot to moisturize
definitely would not recommend for young
this cream looks just right
you have to really use some strength while applying it
the reviews on this one are really good
if a product gets all of these great ratings i want to see something
made them water quite a bit when applied under my eyes
this really did nothing for me.
it felt like it didn't really absorb well
because it felt like it was sitting on my skin under my eyes
it didn't feel like it was absorbing well.
becuase i have some very good products for my lip already
this product is thick but not in a good way.
you have to really work it in
it's really just okay
there is no way i'd put something that smells like that on my face everyday
good clean feeling, not much else.
or else my skin is very uncomfortable
i wanted to try again when i was feeling a little nostalgic from when this was one of cliniques only cleansers
2 stars given because it does do a good job of removing makeup
this really made my face feel dry
it does not take off makeup very well
i really wanted this product to work-i have very oily
what i don't like is how my skin feels after
not in a good way
i love this because it is so easy.
is the only thing that has ever worked to clear up my skin
it made me mad seeing all the good reviews when the truth is this soap isnt very good at all
it covers it up pretty well so that is a plus i guess
it doesn't really work amazingly as an eye cream.
i mean it glides on good
feels good however did not really firm or lift as promises
i must admit that i haven't been very good in using it morning
it feel great going on.
liked them very much
really tired of people saying i look tired!
i love the feel of this product.
this is one of those products that everyone seems to love
so for people like me
nice product if you wear contacts.
there are only very fine lines underneath them
i like the cool feeling when you put this on.
it feels really rich
be careful of getting it too close to your eyes bc when it actually gets in your eye
not very like it
made my skin feel right
i can never get over the weird feeling it leaves on my face
i feel like it is absolutely no better than the drug store br
left a weird feeling on my face afterwards
felt really good on the skin
my skin started to feel really tight
i wanted to like this product
ended up being a pretty big fail for me
their makeup is quite good though.
it was really weird
this makes your face feel so clean!
it also makes your skin feel very tight in a bad way
it also stings very badly if you get it in your eyes
this cleaners seemed like a great possibility
not sure why it had such great reviews
i feel like it does nothing
feel like wasting money on a product this is the one for you
this stuff was a mess
i guess if you have really good luck with heavy silicone products
these guys deserve a 10 out of 5 stars
definitely not for me
i would guess this product would work on younger skin
it actually makes me feel more tired when i wake up in the morning
i didn't like the consistency very much because it felt sticky
felt greasy going on
this product was one that was always recommended to me
or really my fine lines either
i've had pretty bad dark circles my whole life
it hasn't really done much for me
i really like how it feel when applying this product
it feels good on my eyes
using it everyday makes me seem like i care so
definitely not going to repurchase
so hopefully it's preventative
all seemed to be okay
i really wanted it to work
this is very simple in that it feels really nice
this one is just a really basic eye cream.
really i saw no difference after using this cream
definitely not the product for me!
it makes me feel very greasy around my nose
i've literally never had anything break me out so terribly
i really wanted to like it
you can just feel the product sitting on your skin
this gel is not so great for oily skin people like myself
this stuff feels great the first hour then makes me look soooo oily
was so excited to try it i mean i have super duper oily skin
i always do that if possible with moisturizers because it is really hard for me to find one
blends really well into my skin
i think i dried out my skin so much with all this acne products that i need some serious hydration here
this was an okay product
i wanted to like this because i love the lotion.
it's always been okay
when i smile or raise my eyebrows it actually feels tight like i have a mask on
this was just my experience it probably works on other skin types
it was okay, but not that great.
i really disliked how sticky it made my skin feel
i dont think this product is good for my skin
i tried it again after like 2 months because i really liked how it worked under my makeup
this mask is really pretty
it makes my skin look and feel great.
wherever you feel you need it
it does feel very lush
i really like it
it feels really energizing
the scent just really bothers me
it doesn't really change the way my face feels.
makes me feel very fancy
the mask is just ok
definitely not any kind of miracle worker
refreshing feeling when you put it on
they smell nice but really do nothing for me.
i love how it feels
the lotion is really not for me
wanted to love this product.
definitely felt my skin looking brighter
i really wanted to like this product sooooooo much
i actually enjoyed the smell
i like how it feels on the skin though.
it was doing fine for my skin.
definitely not greasy in the bit
this moisturizer has broke me out so badly that i feel there is no hope for me to build a relationship with this moisturizer any longer
the only similarity is how easy going the product is to put on the skin
the application was actually good
that was my expereince with it
it felt very light
i honestly feel that my knock off makeup eraser towel is better than this
i really wanted to like this balm because of all the great reviews
feel as if i am blind for like an hour it gives you the blurriest vision
it certainly removes my makeup without making my skin feel stripped
makes them water like crazy
it really is a fine eye cream.
it seemed to really work
one thing is that the packaging is a little weird
each night it makes my eyes burn really bad
it feels good when you first put it on
the upsides:this eye cream had everything that i wanted
definitely not for me
the eye cream really did not meet my expectations
this product always makes my eyes water wether i'm wearing contacts or not
the face cream in this line is alright
not a great product to use around the eye as it's quite irritating
many seem to like it, just not good for me.
it really irritates my eyes
it smells really really bad
it never felt like it was actually cleaning my face
i really have to try face products out to see how my skin reacts
i really wanted to like this form
i still really enjoy using it because it feels good
i am having trouble deciding how i feel about this product
it does a pretty good job as i then tone afterwards
get very little make up residue however i don't feel like my face looks or feels like it's been clean
also stuff that has a little tingle
which is one thing i really like in a cleanser
i really don't like it
not in a good way
this was just ok for me
i just felt like i would need 4-5 pumps
it did make my skin look really clean
i gave this product so many tries to impress me
you need to use a lot of product to get the job done
it was the only thing i was doing different in my skin care routine
it feels like oil
while the toner was definitely bad for me
definitely not for everyone !
alright so my skin was at a solid plateu.
sure you're thinking "ahhh when you first use something new i bet the product is just bringing everything to the surface
i've never seen my skin look as terrible as it did
clinque really messed my skin up for a good couple months
it also doesn't leave it feeling very clean
i just thought this product was okay for me.
they all seem to leave my face very dry to a point where it hurts to even keep it still
this is certainly good enough to wash away makeup
my skin feels quite tight afterwards
so this makes me think the ingredients in this product are quite harsh
it really does nothing for my skin
no amount of this product made my face feel clean
although the three step system made my face feel wonderful after using it
it made me break out terribly
only giving it 2 stars because it does a good job at removing my makeup
foundation really emphasised how bad it was
i've always heard amazing things about clinique.
feel great before i put foundation on
definitely helps with oil
i only bought this product because i heard so many good things about it
i just wish it liked my skin
this one made my face break out pretty bad
i do like the feel of this primer on my skin
this did nothing for me except make my skin feel kinda soft
i didn't feel like it lasted very long or made a difference with my makeup or pores
this definitely did not work for me
i really, really wanted to love this!
it might work great for some but not for me.
i did like this one quite a bit.
it sort of works for me
tends to roll up like a caky not sure what on my skin
unfortunately, my results weren't as great.
that one time it made my face feel so greasy
this does absolutely nothing to make my pores look smaller
well then, something is very, very wrong.
one for myself to try
the product works okay
i really couldn't see a difference with this product
too bad for me
this product kept me matte pretty much throughout the whole day which is saying something because my skin is extremely oily even on my cheeks
i always have to use several pumps because one is not enough for the entire face to feel moisturized
overall, think i'll keep looking.
the good thing about this is that there's no smell
i really wanted to love this product.
it is doing the trick
i didnt really see a change in my skin from before
i really like this face wash.
it smelt really nice though
thought this would be just as great
most smelled really nice
i really thought i would love it
not so great gave me under eye bumps
i don't really like this entire line of products
and it is really greasy on the skin.
i wanted so badly to love this product
got absored to my skin well
the smell was pretty intense
don't really like the feel of it.
this felt good on my skin
definitely wasn't a wow product
i really have not seen any difference in my skin
i loved the feel of it after washing my face
the smell was really nice too
obviously there is something in it that does not agree with my skin
found i had to use a lot to get any kind of good response on my skin
the cream itself seemed okay
for my combo skin, it just felt a little greasy.
i put this stuff on my skin
my skin felt like it could not breate
i cant really tell if it is working
this stuff doesnt seem to work for me
i love the feel of this product
it does feel nice
i think the price is very exaggerated for whatever it does
i really wanted to like this cream
i took off two stars because i feel like this would work if you have exceptionally dry skin
very shiney look on my face all day
it does go on really easy
i could use this on my whole face just perfectly
know results-so now i stop using it-my eyes are healing-not good for me that is for sure-my search goes on
i really hate this cream.
i really wanted to love this product
this was good at removing everything else except that
i think this would actually be great if i wore regular mascara
it seemed like a good oil
i suppose it would work well for someone who is wearing very minimal makeup
i got this after hearing all the great things about it
the people at fresh told me it's like the best thing you can ever put on your face
i didn't feel like my makeup came off with this.
thought i'd try this thinking i'd get more for my money
frankly it is just not that good at it
that stuff takes everything off.
i liked this enough for a while
this stuff does not do a great job of removing my eye makeup
it feels good when you put it on
for myself the product is a miss
all i can say is i felt like my eyes were on fire
it burned my eyes really bad
it definitely does not take all of your makeup off
it just doesn't remove my foundation very well
i used this thinking i could use it for my whole face
it was not good for my combination 30-something acne prone skin
it made me break out horribly.
this product does a pretty decent job taking face makeup off only
i feel like i have to use a lot to take off all the makeup
definitely have to use a cleanser afterwards
i gave it a 3 because i love how it sets my makeup though
was definitely reminiscent of someone over 85
because i think the new smell is just awful
i really liked the texture of the lotion
it was doing a good job at moisturing
honestly love using this product all over the face
it makes my skin feel nice after i put it on
i think that's a bit odd.
hopefully just a fluke thing.
i am really trying to find a moisturizer that i love
i don't feel it moisturizes as well as i had hoped
not in a good way
it hasn't done anything special for my skin
it's so thick that i find myself tugging under my eye to make sure i cover the whole area
the only thing it's good for
it was really greasy
i really wanted to like this
i really like this cream
so frustrating, as the cream seems to work.
hopefully, she will have better luck with it.
felt it was pretty good
soon it started to really irritate my skin
very thick, but i mean that in a good way.
live the feel of it
i really wanted to like this when i got a sample of it as part of a sephora favorites set
can honestly say that i saw very little difference
i really wanted to like this product
i don't really like this moisturizer
definitely not going to repurchase.
i don't really like the smell
i give this product three stars because it truly is a really good product
i am definitely changing my moisturizer
those are the only great things i can say
so that feels nice on you skin
definitely not good enough to use as a moisturizer
guess this one might only good for people who has extremely oily skin
i really wanted this to work
its a nice moisturizer, but not for me.
i really had high hopes for this moisturizer.
i desperately wanted this stuff to work
it broke me out terribly
guess it's back to trying to find the perfect moisturizer
it doesn't feel like it really moisturizes.
it is a really light formula
which would probably be really awesome for a person with normal skin type during the summer months
it doesn't do a very good job of helping with shine-control
i am still pretty shiny by the end of the day.
you really feel that if you live in a very hot climate like i do
for some reason i thought it was an eye cream
this stuff made me break out after 2 uses
i got a really bad break out.
this product is a lot like that
it made my face feel a little greasy
for some reason i just felt like this did not absorb well into my skin
felt like i had an acid feel on my face
i really wanted to love this product
my skin never really got the brightness i was hoping for
i really wanted to like it
i want to keep it because it feels so nice when it lathers
it smells so pretty
it definitely feels clean
i really loved how foamy it became though.
when i first started to use this product i feel like it's overall good quality meaning the feregrance
after a while i feel like it's not doing much work on hydrating nor working as a moisturizer
not that mouisturizing as i would've liked considering i have combination skin
i think it should be good for those people staying home a lot
not sure if it will make my skin really brighter in the long run
it really does work
i am a big shishedo fan but not this product.
it does not really moisturized enough for me
i am usually pretty good with shiseido
this stuff just makes that problem issue st
i don't think it made my skin brighter
what i wanted was for it to give me a glowing skin
it was so annoying to get it to come out every morning
i can't really tell if my skin has brightened though
i feel that this is something that can work on some
which i have never really gotten acne before
i really wanted to like this.
i give it 3 stars because it is a good moisturizer regardless
kept tolerating it until one day i told myself that i was totally done with it
i feel like i have to be careful of my face touching the pillow
left my under eyes looking pretty crepey
as bad as it was for me
she actually loves it
this product was just ok.
i so wanted to like this eye cream.
that definitely isn't the case
which is definitely a plus
i definitely do not
i got this because i wanted something for the fine lines around my eyes
this eye cream was just okay.
i really see no difference at all
that's pretty much all it does
product was nice but the bottle is really flimsy.
my skin type at the time because now i am pretty sure that i have normal/dry skin with some sensitivity
lately i have been breaking out here
i think this product is a bit too gentle for my skin
really wanted to love it
maybe i just need to keep using it until i really feel like there is no change
knew all of the reviews on this one were really good
it didnt really do anything great for me personally either
thought it was just alright
i really wanted to like this product
my skin never really feels clean afterwards
it was strange because my cheeks felt comfortable
i constantly felt like i needed to wash my face more
it felt really weird
i could feel it still on my face
if you want a cleanser that pretty much does nothing
my skin still felt dirty
i liked it a lot
really wanted to like this.
it felt really nice
my challenge with the product was that it did not feel like it cleaned my skin
it made it feel greasy afterwards.
it felt ok i felt a little sting in my eyes
never really absorbed into my skin
refreshing: i thought it was going to work great
however, it did feel amazing when i put it on.
good stuff when i remember to use it.
feels especially good during the summer.
this product is a definitely no-go.
i like to keep my skin care pretty natural so ren is a great br
it does feel nice and cooling.
why is it so hard to find a good eye cream/gel that is natural
i know it might be great for some people
this gel didn't really feel like anything.
it comes out a lot
is it doing anything for my eyes
i really wanted to like this eye gel
it does feel refreshing
i looked like i had a really bad night
i really like the texture
was told that the ren products would be good for me
i initially really liked this because it made my skin look amazing in the morning
it has a nice texture when you apply it
i likes how it smells
it definitely does not moisturize the same
now that i'm writing this i feel like maybe i'll just return it
so as much as this cream feels lovely i don't like what it could be doing behind the scenes
it's too bad because i really loved the effect ren had on my skin
i feel like i could get the same at a drugstore.
i actually like the scent a lot
not really in my pores either come to think of it
i hate how tight this makes my skin feel after only a minute or two
what i got is an okay mask that is very messy to apply
it has just okay results
i really haven't noticed any difference in my skin
i don't know if i got a bad tube or if it really is horrible
i like how it feels
it worked well but you have to rub it off.
i also had the old tube before it changed so my packaging wasn't awful like a lot of the reviews have said
if you're really concerned about your acne
my skin went from okay to horrible
this product goes on dry which i thought was quite interesting
the first few days were okay my skin felt nice.
it's also horrible for taking with when traveling
i don't know how i feel about this product because it makes my skin incredibly soft
i really do think it's helping with my break outs
come on the packaging really!!!!!
i think that for my type of skin
this awful pump makes it difficult to get enough product out
my acne certainly isn't as bad as it once was
i really expected my acne to be gone
thought i liked it
she said this product would be good.
i really like this product
i feel like it really does the job only thing is it makes my face a little oily
but i like how it goes onto my skin.
honestly i was skeptical at first because i had literally tried every product for my hormonal acne
they'd be happy to keep helping me find a better product for me
i really wanted to like this stuff.
it makes my skin feel greasy for some reason.
smell it in store before you buy it because it's pretty hard to h
think that's what i'll be switching to
i really wanted to love this.
this one i feel i need to
it made my acne come up again which irritates me so much
i really wanted this product to work.
while my skin hasn't gotten worse i definitely don't feel like it's improved
this may be a good idea
not pretty or smooth
i say pass there are plenty of other great acne products out there
i certainly don't think the serum is making my breakout worse
i need a lot of it since my whole face is affected
i don't think it was strong enough for my skin.
i feel like you don't get a lot of product for the $
i wanted this to work so badly
i loved the way it smelled and felt on my skin.
it certainly felt like it would work!
this is just a weird batch
really, i'm just not in love.
the smell was hard to get used to
i didn't feel that clean feeling after using this
i will say that after i washed my face my skin did look great
if you can tolerate the smell this product is great
thought why not give this a try the texture is unique
the only good thing about this cleanser is that you need very little amount
i wanted to work for me too
i can deal with the feeling
my face at first did not take very well to this lotion
this night just didn't work very well for me.
a couple of months ago i noticed my skin was getting really bad
i would only wear natural stuff from now on
a couple of months ago i noticed my skin was getting really bad
i would only wear natural stuff from now on
i really like the thick
i don't feel it made any sort of difference in my skin
it feels nice going on
i really wanted to like this because it contains so many anti-oxidants
i really loved the way my skin looked
the description of this product sounds good when you read it
was actually given extra by the in store demo guy
i feel it was a waste of money--i noticed little
i feel like this is a totally temporary fix for fine lines around the eyes
i guess i thought with product was something different
not greasy which i liked
i am making a good guess that this product is making it more oily
make me break out like crazy
my skin felt really nice while using
i feel like this moisturer is good
this moisturizer really did nothing special for my skin
i really wanted to love this
not in a good way
oil throughout the day as it is hard for me to find a good lotion
however, i do not feel it really moisturizes.
i can see myself really liking this in the summer when it's humid
obviously not fragrance free
it really gets the oil off my face
i only use this cleanser at night because i believe that this product definitely cleans my skin from all of the dirt that i have gotten from being out for the whole day
thought i would give it a shot either way considering everyone is different
honestly my skin is doing better with the clinique charcoal face wash
i feel like it doesn't even clean myself
it really hasn't made a difference
i really wanted to love it
i honestly feel like this made my skin worse.
i don't feel like my face is clean
it worked pretty well with my foreo face cleanser
the only thing is that it smells pretty odd
she seems to like it
have never had acne this bad my whole life
it did not make my face feel deeply cleaned like i wanted
i decided to try something different
i don't feel like it would
maybe for someone with bad acne this might be good
explained that with my oily skin type clinique was probably not the best br
at first i didn't feel like it would clean well or help get rid of all my make up
after using it i liked how clean my skin felt
also- didn't really help with my acne.
it does clear it up really fast though.
i tried this after going a little crazy about my acne
the box says one thing
do not feel that it works on me.
do not feel like i got any sort of added benefit from this
i do think it helps
my thoughts for this is that it is very smooth to glide on to my face
overall it was an okay product because it did not lighten my marks up completely
of course me being me
i gave it 2 stars because i like the way it feels on my skin
maybe my skin got used to the product
though this product got very good reviews
it was not a good investment at all
obviously it got some great reviews
i really was bummed to see that it barely made a difference
while i think it helped even out my skin tone
thought this might help me even out my skin tone
maybe my scars are too dark, who knows.
i am really hoping so!!
i really wanted this product to work for me!
i liked that the pads felt a bit gritty
the rest of my face skin wasn't looking that great either
anyway, nice feel and results.
my skin does feel good in the morning
this definitely gets the job done
this product broke me out pretty bad instead.
got so-so results
don’t know if it really works with evening skin tone
i do know that i did not like this cream because i found it to be very greasy on my skin
it leaves my skin feeling really greasy in the morning
it did go on nicely thought
i may as well be putting water on my skin for all the good it's doing
it's not good for people who breakout easily like me as it is very heavy
i love the feel of this night treatment.
it didnt really get my face as clean as i was hoping
have had acne my whole life
not even any type of nice scent
honestly feel like it did nothing for my skin
seriously, that's what my skin felt like.
my face felt really sticky after i used this
it's pretty much wrecked my skin
it feels really nice on the skin
i liked it as i put it on it fealt very smooth.
this one made me breakout so bad i just had to
i've always struggled with acne
i honestly felt like this cleanser did nothing for me
did not feel that it cleaned my face very well either
this may not work very well for you
it made me break out very badly
it was just ok
it started to irritate my skin really bad
i feel as though it's starting to help my acne a little
i really want to give this product more stars because i read great review
it really has not done anything for my acne :/
so i was really rooting for this to work!
so i definitely gave up on this.
use a lot of stuff from boscia including all there masks
i tried boscia after hearing really good things about them
this product was okay.
i do like the way this product leaves my skin feeling
definitely not a miracle worker
i think that if your skin works well with this br
i did feel like it controlled oil a bit
something that lets me know the product is working
my overall acne situation did not quite improve at all
my skin seems to be pretty content
didnt really clear my breakouts
i would say this product is really gentle
she told me it would be way too harsh on my skin
it felt like i was just putting lotion on my face
i think it's also good for before bed
the bottle cap dispenser was not a good idea to me
my face just did not feel clean
kind of felt like there was some residue left as well
it does feel good on my skin
it was good at first- really smoothed my skin
it is pretty oily like someone else said
it really does nothing for me
i washed my face as i always do
felt great when i put it on.
i really wanted this to work.
often felt like it was just sitting on my skin
not really doing anything
this might work really well for someone who has dryer skin
it doesn't really work great as a moisturizer either
i really wanted to love this product
i would have liked it if it smelled better.
i think that i misunderstood the description-- it "calms
thinking that maybe there was no product/breakout relationship
my friends told me i looked oily all night.
really wanted to like this
it seems very good on my skin
i really like this cream as it did help me with my redness
i've had very red cheeks my whole life.
not how a mask should feel at all
i tried this because i wanted to get more of a glow
wanted to like the product
i loved what it did to my face
definitely not a must-have for me
i really wanted to love this product
i like the way the mask feels when its on
unfortunately, this mask is really disappointing.
maybe this is just me
but this product breaks me out soooooo bad!!!!
never really saw a difference
the smell was so horrendous that i thought the product had gone bad
it was just as bad
tend to use it when i feel like my skin is looking dull
i definitely was not a fan of this product.
i really like certain results from this mask
it looked like it is going finish very fast
i really enjoy a lot of ren's products
i just feel like my skin isn't any different after i use it
it made my face feel very clean
i really wanted to love this product
i never really noticed a difference
i feel like it's made my skin quite dry
i felt it was so annoying to deal with
i really wanted to love this
but it does feel smooth when apply it.
was hoping this cream would really work based on the reviews
i really wanted to love it especially since it's so expensive
cream was ok, nothing special about it.
went in asking the person working for a good eye cream to help them
was sure to give me results
which might not be a good thing because i already got 7 kids
i really want something to work
was having a hard time finding it
it did absolutely nothing for me i even used a whole jar up
feels nice, but then so does plain old lotion.
told me this was the best stuff
the smell is pretty good, i like it!
that dosnt last very long
i really wanted to like this.
it felt really nice
not quite sure what to make of it.
i guess one good thing is that a little goes a long way with this product if it works for you
i really thought that this product would work
i really wanted this to work well.
it should have, really.
i really liked how it felt
it's definitely in the areas that i have used the product most
i initially really loved this stuff
that seems so great when you first use it
feels nice going on
i really only feels nice going on
it's not really a good moisturizer if you have very dry skin
i feel there's better out there
i really wanted this to work for me based on the reviews
it has a lot of glycerin in it so you would think that it would be a good base
i also don't see a big difference in my skin
this makes my skin feel so good until it feels so dry
i got this because people said it would be good for my super dry skin
it made me feel like i needed to apply it every 4 hours
my face gets really try
i really wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to like this as i love the texture
it makes me wonder what percentage of people experience this sensation of our reviews never get shared
it was so thick i really did need just a drop
half of me says i always want my face to smell of roses
while it made my skin feel amazing
i feel it doesn’t really provide deep moisture in comparison to other br
1- you need a lot for you entire face
was pretty glad i didn't buy the whole tub
which i'm pretty sure is due to the perfume
i wanted to love this so so badly.
don't really notice a difference with fine lines
the mask is amazing but it's so hard to sleep.
it did feel good on my face
i really like the texture
it's just not quite the right fit for my skin
i really wanted to love it
i want a product that feels good on the skin.
i put it to good use though as a body cream
it made my skin feel nice if i went through the extra steps
smell isn't so nice either.
i personally have had better luck with algenist.
made it feel tight
though i really wish it had worked for me since i like perricone products
was not the right fit for me
it really sets my makeup
because i really liked the texture of the cleanser
i really really wanted to own a perricone md product
this makes me think that the formula of the cleanser has changed
made me break out terribly
they said they get this a lot because there is something in this cleanser that turns
not to brag, but my skin is usually very good.
i don't feel my skin is left really clean after using it
i mean my face felt super itchy
i get really paranoid about my eyes therefore i am always in a hunt for a real good cream
really should try to do something to minimalize the smell
perricone's health concepts that's why i was very
used it for 2 weeks until it got really bad.
this product just is not working for me
she said well try this stuff
has not done a thing for me
although i suppose this product felt nice going on
unfortunately i got a reaction to this product
this product is definitely not right for me.
i heard so many great things about this product
cleans your makeup off really good
i really wanted to like this
told me how good it was
i really doubt about how clean your face would be by using this
with so many great reviews i decided to try this product
i really wanted to like this.
i wanted this to work
that's a whole lot of money for a whole lot of nothing
acne wasn't what i meant when i said i wanted my skin to look younger
she said it would be really gentle
thats really the only good thing about it
it did feel like it cleaned my face
if you want to feel clean
i feel like it actually dried my skin
so use a good moisturiser afterwards
this was nice as first as i didn't "feel" like my skin was being stripped
everything i've tried from the ole henriksen line has done a number on my skin
i know a lot of people love this line
which i think is a really bad sign
i actually really like ole's products
this was not good for me.
i've always had good skin
this product was just okay for me.
it is very gentle- in some ways i didn't think that it was strong enough to fight
it definitely is what my skin needed
also the smell of this is very strong i wish i could have liked this product:
this product made me break out terribly
was really excited because i got a really nice sample size as a perks reward
maybe i just got a bad batch
it does not do a good job of cleaning my face.
ok so this stuff isn't bad
obviously for many people it is not an issue
i felt like it really calmed the redness in my skin
this absorbed so quick that it felt like i never put anything on
leaves a weird tight feeling in my face
i didn't feel any great benefit to my skin from this moisturizer
this product is so bad which made me breaks out everyday
that one really good
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
i do like this moisurizer as i wanted something very light
this day cream for me is just ok
not so great recommendation
i really wanted to like it.
the first time i use it it felt great on my face
other that it does have a nice smell
i love the feel
i felt as though it dried my skin out immensely
it did break me out quite a lot
turn white--it'll also have a weird tight feeling
i liked the way this cream made my face feel
which is very disappointing because i actually do like the cream
this is the only stuff i added to my routine.
i love the thought behind this product
its a terrible smell for me that makes me not want to use it
that's really my only complaint
it definitely isn't something i would spend money on
i love the feel of my skin after using both
i wanted this to work
the only thing i do really enjoy is that it seems to keep my skin a bit more mattified
this just felt okay
it seems to work just as a good moisturizer
i hate putting anything with that texture on my face as it feels too heavy
it's pretty hard to find a moisturizer that gets along with my skin
this products was alright.
i didnt like this at all.
i truly saw no real difference.
feel like i couldn't cover my whole face easily
this just felt greasy
it's definitely for older
went on smooth, felt really nice.
it might be pleasing to someone else
maybe it is just my skin type
it would feel like a waste
my skin seems to like it
nice but i felt like it didn't change my dryness.
this is definitely not for my skin type.
on my face it feels like i just applied it
it still feels like i just put it on
for me it is just so-so.
it has not really helped my fine lines
now that i know how much this is i'm going to make sure i get every last bit from my sample
'm sure the jar would last quite a while
i got this as a sample - good thing too.
looks the same as always
i really do like fresh products
i really like the fresh line of products
i wish they made this in a smaller size because it's so wonderful
i love the way it feels on my skin
i don't think it really does anything to improve my skin at all
it does just an okay job.
she said it felt amazing
that i just had to experience it
i tried pretty much everyone of them
it did feel refreshing
it's definitely cooling as well.
okay this is a "okay" product.
i think it smells terribly
i really struggled with the rating of this product because although i loved the product
something in this mask just did not agree with my skin which really disappointed me because i wanted so badly for this to be my new skin treat
the only positive is that it didn't make my skin feel tight no matter how many times i went back in
dirtcons:-leaves my face feeling tight-it has pretty bad ingredients
this is definitely going back
it is definitely not my go to cleansing product.
i feel like it even made my fave have more acne
the only thing it has going for it is the fragrance
does feel great until i wash it off
weird feeling that i could not use it
although there are many things i loved about this cleanser
the smell was way too strong for me
i've gotten a lot of chemical burns from some really nice products
this has very funny smell, which bothered me.
unfortunately the makeup stayed pretty true
this product is great for lazy evenings when the idea of taking my makeup off seems exhausting
it got off my makeup pretty well
i really wanted this to be my go-to makeup remover
it's taking me awhile to like this
except that the packing is very pretty
it did not turn out quite *as* exciting as i thought it was going to be
unfortunately, this product made me breakout.
it said it was good for both skin types
i loved this oil it made my skin so soft for about 5 days then i started getting breakouts
i can't imagine putting this all over my face without something more acne-fighting because i think it would definitely break me out
not in my skin too bad coz i like the product very much
i believe it made my skin worse because i have been breaking out like crazy
it also felt very nice.
one of the ladies in the skin department basically told me i was crazy when i mentioned my skin felt tight
she said "there was no way it could make me feel more dry
it only made my skin feel tight
it made me break out terribly.
i love ptr so was really surprised at how much i dislike this product
i feel like if i keep rubbing on it
needs someone like me
i really have no idea
all the ladies in the shop said how good this product was
it really does work great and i love it.
the stuff i buy usually does last quite a while
i am not sure why since it has such good ingredients
i think it might make me break out a bit.
it definitely makes me a bit shiny.
at first it does feel nice on the skin
that was the weird part
dont really like this cream
you definately need something better for night time
maybe i am crazy
i tried really hard to like this product
i like this one a lot
it made me look like i had roscea
i also just tried the olay rejuvenist moisturizer since i have heard so many great things about that
i think the clinique stuff caused me to break out a little
this made me break out like crazy.
i've heard good things about clinique
i think it got me there.
we all want to see results fast
know this is good to my skin
maybe it is good for somebody, but not for me.
instead it made my skin really really dry
i feel like it doesn't do anything to really help my skin
'm not sure how it's suppose to feel
however, it smells really good.
not really rose like either
love everything about this product
too bad because i really like it
but now it becomes a hate-love product for me.
you think it would be doing something
if you like that kind of smell
i definitely had a shine most of the day
haven't noticed anything really amazing yet
it does help the skin around my eyes feel better
this one is just ok
i don't think this is a good one for that purpose
it stung my skin really bad.
which i think work well
this product definitely does help with oil control
i do appreciate the fact that it has spf in it since i am so fair
i originally wanted a moisturizer that would be mattifying so that i could pair it with a really good foundation
can really get the effect i'd like
i love how murad's oil-control mattifier makes my skin look at first
this product is just ok.
then you clearly see shine
it still stinks well after i've applied it.
it seems to be ok for her skin
this was not a good match to my skin type.
it made my face feel kind of stif also
this was definitely a miss for me
it doesn't feel so great on
thought this would be great because it claims to mattify
sadly made me break out super bad
i so wanted to like this
definitely not for me.
which i liked for a bit
found that it wasn't really getting the makeup off at all
wasn't crazy about the feel of my skin when done washing
it did an okay job of removeing my makeup
i gave it 2 stars because it did make my skin feel super clean
it was very hard to feel like you rinsed it off completely
definitely not for me.
i liked it because it was free
it gives me a greasy look for the whole day
i really saw very little in the way of line reduction
maybe it works with a different skin type or maybe people are just overly optimistic because it smells good
because i really like lancome
my face would feel really greasy in the morning
but this product feels like it is not absorbing.
i really wanted to love this.
i am sure it works on other people
i need something that is going to work
the feel of this product was nice
the first time i used this eye cream i thought it was nice
maybe it is just me
i really wanted to love this
this one feels like a waste
this one was not good for me
i am sure this works for some
i did not have a good experience
there seem to be happy reviews so maybe it's just my skin hat has a reaction to this
this is working well for me.
i am normally a big fan of perricone products
this is probably a good cream
for it's price i really wanted to see something
it irritated my face and just made it look bad.
which is always a plus with my sensetive skin
my skin looked very
that is a really good idea
it felt way too light
nothing else worked for my sensitive
the way it feels on my face is nothing like the way it used to feel
this broke me out terribly.
i really liked that it was light weight
with my spring allergies it really bothers me.
i like the consistency
i like that it absorbs pretty quickly
i did like the way it felt
it feels good but i don't need breakouts.
this is great for my night time routine because i like to use a lot of moisturizer
it actually absorbs really fast.
i guess because i'm getting older
it makes me so sad that i had to return this
it is really heavy
this one is not a good smell at all
i like it a lot.
the real problem was how tacky it felt on the skin
i got my typical reaction to something breakout
i got a sample of this because i had heard such great things
i did like how the cream felt
it was just not a good product for me
actually made my skin feel like it was burning.
for some reason after i applied this my face itched really bad
i very much wanted to like this product because i know some people have had great success with it
this was definitely not for me
it made me break out horribly
it does really clean
i found this wash to be just ok
my skin felt like it would crack
i really wanted to like this cleanser.
this product makes my face really tight after i use it
it foams up really well
okay so here is my thing with this cleanser!
i dont really feel like it does anything at all.
i felt like this was really helping my break outs
while i was using this cleanser in the am/pm i noticed it did really make my skin feel tight
was alright with it
after using this stuff for about two weeks i felt like there was a lot of build up on my skin because it just wasn't getting my skin clean
i wanted to love this cleanser so much
this really just made my skin super dry on everything else
i think this cleanser is just ok.
i heard good things from other people
my skin is towards combo so this works perfectly fine for me
the whole reason for buying this was that i wanted something to help keep my acne-prone skin clear
i really wanted to like this because i loved the eradikate
i really wanted to like this daily cleanser.
i felt i had to use a lot more product to truly feel somewhat moisturized
'm pretty confused at what the point of this stuff is?
lately it's been really bad
i like the way it feels
i think it has helped my acne to some degree
it also makes my skin feel tight
i feel like i use a lot of it just so my skin won't feel as tight
product felt extra weird on my skin.
i think this is a great moisturizer for someone who wants something light that won't break them out
wanted some think light
my skin drives me crazy!
absorbs so quickly i felt like i needed to keep putting it on as i couldnt get enough moisture from it
really a bummer considering how expensive it is.
it feels so good
it smelled really bad too!
i am going to be smelling this all day!
i feel like i washed my face
it really doesnt feel like enough moisture for the winter
i don't think this is helping with wrinkles because my skin still feels really dry
i do not feel like it helped clear my acne
honestly it made my acne worse
i love how this feels going on
i felt like it did a great job
i gotta say it didnt really help much with my skin
my skin definitely felt more oily at the end of the day
it made me feel
look greasy throughout the whole day
then i realized it was just really smooth
broke me out terribly
this lotion felt nice going on
it smells really bad to the point i had to wash it off immediately
really annoying once you get down to the bottom
for some reason it makes my skin feel very hot after applying
i wanted this to work so bad
this product gave me a lot of little pimples
didn't really moisturize my face all that well
feels strange on my skin
if your sensitive or day i imagine it would be great
i really wanted to like it and i just couldn't.
good thing about it is that you need very little product in order to cover the entire face
really wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this product.
in the end i had to admit to myself that it was actually making my skin oilier during the day
i know this works for plenty of people
definitely wasn't for me
the only thing i liked about this cleanser was that it removed my eye make-up pretty well
it definitely cleans your face
i really like the minty feel
my skin starts to feel really tight
i find that i have to rub my face really hard to get rid of the makeup
it did feel refreshing for the first week.
after i applied my makeup it looked horrible.
i really liked the push down dispenser it was the perfect amount for me every time
i wanted to like this product
it irritated my eyes like crazy
it does feel really nice around my eyes
they look good after use
just not as good as others i've tried
being a big fan of the exfolikate
i felt like i had a mask on my face
judging by the siliconey feel of it
the only problem is that i do not think it is really penetrating that deeply into my skin
i really wanted this to work for me
made my skin feel really smooth
i noticed that my t zone was getting really slick
loved the way this felt on my skin
i liked how it felt when i put it on
it goes on looking like oil
i wanted to like this but i really disliked it.
this for me was just an okay cleanser
at first i thought this cleansing foam was alright
my skin felt a little weird after using it
it has made me breakout like crazy!
it's not really helping my acne
i love the way this product feels
one thing i did enjoy about this product was that it had a great fragrance that definitely lingered on after washing my face
looks like others had this problem...
thank goodness that sephora has such a great return policy because i did not like this cleansing oil one bit
make your face feel fab
first time i put it on it made my face feel weird
had heard good things about this br
the oil itself is alright
i feel like i waste so much product when i pump it out
i do waste a lot every use just to get it from the bottle to my face
this stuff is very fancy
the smell of this really irritated my skin
did make me feel clean
it really hasn't wowed me like i thought it would
i like how this cleanser made my skin feel.
i will first say that this product was very good at taking off all my makeup
i really like amorepacific products.
i really disliked the taste
i guess they just decided "wow its pretty"
guess they felt like they had to something unique given the price
could save them for something really good
it felt so refreshing
this could be a good product as good as it felt on my face
i don't think of myself as someone who has issues with scents
it does feel good
i so badly wanted to enjoy this product since i have their enzyme peel
because in that case it does seem like a nice product
this gel was definitely not for me!
just couldn't get pass the very
i always felt pretty when i used this
i liked the smell and wanted it work.
like everybody else said, the smell is terrible.
i liked the feel of the product
i love the feel
i felt it didn't give me the same effects as the rejuvenating cream
i am completely bummed that my skin looks worse
my skin was sooo itchy it was so hard to keep my h
i really wanted to love this stuff!
it did feel good on my skin
i really liked the fragrance
if i only wanted a nice feeling
i really liked this serum for a few reasons: first
i think it takes time.
good thing is the product lasts a very long time
i felt like it made my complexion look dark
my skin feels good when i put it on
it felt nice when i put it on, though.
i feel like it was just another thing to put on my face
may be good for you skin
thought this would help me
the only thing it does is a cooling sensation so maybe you think is cleaning something
found it to be an okay product
very few products give me problems
but i really don't like this product!
this stuff is great because you can feel it working
i really wanted this product to work
the only reason i gave it three stars is because it would leave my skin nice
it did not do a very good job
i really wanted to love this product
i think it helped minimize the look of them a bit
i really liked this product
really struggling with finding a blackhead solution was hoping this was it
i really wanted this to work
pretty good to wear under makeup.
it makes you break out a lot before it actually works
'm going to rate it a 3 star
it did nothing to improve the quality of my skin.
i got this because i really wanted to focus on my eyes before they got any "older
i liked that the bottle was dark as well
hope that it is doing something for me
this seemed to make my skin
i hear glycolics are really effective
the cream feels nice, but it didn't work for me.
i really don't note any difference in my skin
a lot of people complain about the smell
also, this product really stinks!
smells not so great...unless you like fish.
the sephora store told me this would be a great product for the few breakouts i had around my mouth area
the only thing i felt was firmer skin
i just had to post this to make everyone aware of the horrible smell
i guess i'm one of the ones who lucked out on this product
i really wanted to like this mask from clinique
this makes my skin feel good for about an hour after i use this
i feel like every time i do it causes my face to break out
this is an alright mask.
i felt like this even made my skin feel tight
this mask is okay.
this mask is, well, okay.
when i started using this product it made my skin very smooth
although this felt really good on my skin initially
not in a good way
i never have skin sensitivity so this is very different for me
i really like the way my skin looks
you might really like this product
definitely not for the price
i really wanted to love this
i really hoped to like it
i don't feel any difference on my neck
pretty happy i didn't buy the whole product.
i've heard good things about this br
i really thought i would love this.
the texture was so nice going on.
this was an okay product for me.
i wanted to love this cream because it felt so nice on my skin
definitely a pass for me
the product goes on well but stinks horribly.
i don't feel a difference in skin texture or see a difference with my fine lines
this cream is just ok
thank god no money was spent on this because it smelled so bad i couldn't h
what i've been doing is keeping it in the fridge
the smell really does follow ya everywhere.
i really do like this cream.
really really really dry bl
terrible i definitely wont be purchasing
not sure who thought it would be a great idea to release a face moisturizer that smells like wet dog
i really wanted to like it
sad thing is that you actually feel it working on your skin :
it smells gosh awful.
maybe onto a good diet here
i really wanted to like this product
the sales lady said this would do wonders for my skin
'm trying this for now
it's very off-putting
i really wanted to use this
i definitely prefer to use just the finishing moisturizer
i actually looked up the ingredients to see if there was some sort of meat by-product in it
too bad i never found out how great a product it was because it smelled soo bad
i feel that this very exspensive cream is hyped up by marketing
it really just disagreed with my skin type
i liked that it was greasy
this felt too greasy
i could feel the moisturizer sitting on parts of my face
i am not a huge fan.
and i am not a huge fan of the scent either.
i liked the feel of the cream
'm trying something new now
basically it made me break out.
i really liked the way it felt on my skin
really liked it as first
it also feels cool on contact which i love.
feel really dried out
thought this is going to be as good
thought this would be just as lovely
nothing really special happen
only positive thing that i noticed from using this was the much needed hydration it gave my eyes during the cold winter months here in chicago
i like this as a night cream as it is really smooth
feels nice when you put it on
i will say my eyes look generally good
i felt like this would a the product for me
i did not like this product after using this product for a couple of times my eyes became very irritated
this is just ok.
i think this was too rich for my skin and my age.
gel makes it feel sooo good on skin
okay i like this and i really don't.
getting hard to justify the price tag for the big bottle
this cleanser is alright for the money
this one was just okay
maybe that means it is working?
it was really good the first time around
i liked it enough to go out
the real problem for me is the smell.
i would say this is a great cleanser
not harsh and gets the job done .
first things first--this stuff smells awful.
also because this had really good reviews
i also enjoy how it suds just enough to feel clean
living in midwest us i definitely need something a little more hydrating
all that good stuff
it's kinda hard to just look past
i really wanted to like this cleanser
so winters here are pretty brutal
i feel like i'm the only one that doesnt love this product
i guess i want to feel something after
i don't think it does a very good job of cleaning my skin
i wanted to like this product
i wish it worked because it's pretty affordable
i feel like it's tightening things
so naturally i wanted to love this too
it feels great on tired eyes.
it does feel nice
this doesnt really do anything in my opinion
it does have a warming/tingling affect which i enjoyed because i felt like it made me look more awake
it feels pretty nice when going on
didn't really feel it helped with any of my undereye skin concerns
it just wasn't working for me
although it feels nice when you first apply it to your skin
for someone like myself
if feels weird as well
it definitely tingles when you apply it.
not really a stinging sensation, but a bit odd!
it feels nice going on
i want it to help me improve the situation
definitely wakes up the eyes a bit
obviously everyone has a different experience with certain products
not too sure how i feel about this product
oh this was a very bad thing for me.
many of the reviews here say that this product works great for under eye bags
it was cooling and felt very good though.
there was only one good thing about it: the metal rolling ball felt nice
while i enjoyed the "energizing" feeling this stuff gave to my skin after applying it
maybe just a very very slight depuffing immediately after use
it comes out pretty watery
it does tingle a little for awhile.
i never really notice a difference with eye products
i wanted to really love this because of how affordable it is
i really wanted to love this product
i really did like this product at first.
i definitely noticed that it made me look very greasy
normal skin would definitely love this
i really think this had an affect on the clarity of my skin
really wanted to try it
if you also have really dry skin i would suggest getting something else
not as good as i was hoping for
i really wanted to like this product
i got it maybe in janurary
so obviously this didn't work for me.
i really wanted to like this!
it's very hard to explain.
definitely not something i would want my face to smell like
it is an okay product for what i needed.
just nice moisture, but that's not what i need.
i liked the feel of the product
i am pretty fair skinned
really not helping with any redness that i have .
nothing too terrible or intense
definitely glad i got the little travel size ampules to try out
i really wanted this item to work for me
have no idea how the product itself works because the smell really turned me off from ever trying it again
the smell was horrible too.
it kinda just sits on my skin.
this stuff goes a long way!
not going to return bc i works great under my makeup
i really wanted this to work seeing as how much i fell in love with the face cleanser
thats hard to get past
i read that can really block pores.
it does feel nice tho.
i really wanted to like this as i am generally loving this line
it feels very nice on my face
i will definitely finish the bottle
'm always on the lookout for things to help with redness
since i really don't need to add another layer of stuff on my face
when i put this on it feels nice
i don't really think it helps with redness
my face still gets really red
i like the way my skin feels after i use it
i really love first aid beauty
which really stinks for me
that make my skin look
keep in mind every person skin reacts differently so this may work for you
feels smooth going on
after doing a lot of research
this made me break out so bad
this product doesn't work very well for me
although my skin feels nice when i put it on
this time it feels different
it's really running gets everywhere when i'm trying to apply this on my face
i really want to love this item
it did not really improve my skin's texture
i really wanted this to work
i can see a positive difference in how my skin feels
but the product is hard to use.
other then that its great stuff
it feels like water going on my face
it really does work wonderfully to remove my makeup
this product not only did a great job of removing my makeup
i will have to say that this really dried my skin out
product did a good job removing makeup
for the price, i'm not so sure it's a great idea.
i think it's a good idea
skin doesn't really feel completely clean afterwards
made me brake out like crazy
definitely made my make up go on smoother
i really wanted to like this stuff especially after i saw my pores disappear under my make up
i so wanted this to work
my pores look just like they did when i started
i still get very shiny when i use it.
i agree that adding a light moisturizer over this makes skin feel better
i do love the way it smells.
like most products that promise to keep skin nice
or even how smooth my skin feels right now
the ingredients seem to be good
i really wanted to like this product.
i liked how this felt on my skin
i really like the way it smoothed
it made me break out horribly
be careful i got a bad reaction experience
it felt good on the skin
it felt great on my skin when i put it on
didn't really feel very hydrated throuout the day
because it certainly feels terrible for the hot summer months
it also made me break out terribly
it has helped me discover some wonderful products i'd never have tried otherwise
i've heard a lot of great things about philosophy
really wasn't anything special
i could feel it sitting on my face
this one is just ok.
it's at an alright price point
i will say that the texture of the cleansing oil feels nice
certainly didn't make my skin feel or look any better
not good for my skin, at all.
unfortunately it felt too greasy for my combo skin
especially when it gets in my eyes
my face did not feel clean after use.
doesnt quite get all the makeup off
he told me it would be perfect with it.
i wanted to try something different
i wasn't a huge fan of the greasy feeling it gave me while i used it
i wanted to love this after seeing all the amazing reviews
i really like this product!
i feel it does a great job on face makeup
felt like my face just wasn't clean
i think sa just doesn't really work well enough for me
i am still getting breakouts.
seemed to get a really good cleanse from it
horrible didn't do anything for my acne my skin stayed the same except it really made my skin dry
i know that things work differently for everyone
i hate the feel of this cleanser just felt like a lotion disney feel like it was cleansing anything
not that anyone really cares about that stuff when it comes to achieving clear skin
i really wanted to love this cleanser
it did leave my skin feeling nice
pretty sure this ruined my skin.
i like this line a lot
i really don't think there will be other than neck lift
at 59 i feel i should be doing something to take care of my skin
i 'm not positive this is making any difference
really hate the container
love the way it makes my skin feel
am not sure that it is really firming
i feel i wasted my money
maybe this stuff will work for others
it's a bummer because i really wanted to like this product
really wanted to love this
like the other fab products i feel like it's a decent value
hopefully i can find something that works
this really wasn't for me.
it doesn't really make my skin feel smooth
i gave it 2 stars because everyone's skin is different
i feel like this purchase was a waste of money
i personally don't like products that use a lot of dimethicone because it always gives me r
this was definitely not for me.
after 4 hours i can still feel it on my skin
there was really nothing special about it.
was really hoping this one would work
i really haven't noticed a difference when i apply it except it really dries out the outside corners of my eyes
i just wanted this because it looks fun to use
this product feels really good upon application
continues to feel good after
my boyfriend likes using it too!
i do feel my eyes tighten after using it
its alright when you use the design for perfume
when you apply it too hard
really wanted to like this product
it did feel refreshing after putting it in the fridge
while it does feel refreshing when you keep it in the fridge
it really has no effect on me
do think it's very easy to use
it feels really nice when you apply it
this roller serum did feel good while i was putting it on
it feels good going on
so with that said
it feels so nice
is it doing any good?
i feel like i have to buy because i have a habit of putting it on every morning
i only have it 2 stars because it has a nice cooling feeling
it does seem like it will last forever because very little product comes out when i use it
i feel like my dark circles
i feel it does not really absorb into skin
really wanted to like this product
was that it made my skin feel nice
feels nice, don't think i'll purchase it again
i wanted to love this stuff
the bottle is pretty
i really liked how this cream left my skin
it definitely feels good in the skin
i feel this formula made me breakout a lot
i feel like it aggravates my acne a bit
while i do agree with many reviews on here that this is a great cream for the winter
he even told me the dior skin care line is really mild
the only good thing i have to say about this product is that it has this nice cooling effect under your eyes
i feel that the product just sits on top of my skin
it did feel nice
i don't like how it felt under my makeup
i really liked the way this felt on my skin
the line has usually had pretty good products
it makes my skin feel pretty nice
i really expected it to do something for my skin
it felt good going on
hard to tell the difference before
it made my skin look and feel better.
i still have some weird red
so this is a bit weird
maybe added a bit of brightness
won't feel bad about throwing it out
i really wanted this to work.
i guess it gets your skin pretty clean
i did notice that my skin looked nice
but that's just me.
it also has a really bad smell.
thought maybe i had a bad batch so came on here to check reviews
soooo very glad that i just got a sample of this stuff before i actually bought it
it smells so awful i have to wash my face to be able to sleep
i'll give something else a try since this smells so terrible
although i like the way this eye cream feels
the smell isn't what got me with this product.
i do think perricone makes quality products
i don't know if this stuff is good
it seemed to work pretty well
it looks like i am crying all day
also this stuff smells really vile
so it smells so awful!!!
i really wanted to like/love this product
i don't really feel like this cream did much to lighten them
i wanted to like this product
after reading a lot of good things about this product i thought i'd try it
it has done a good job on puffiness around my eyes
this one really made me want to throw up
it doesn't quite feel like a $100 product
i also feel that i look more awake
it did feel wonderful when i applied it though
i don't care how good this cream is
this just made me look so shiny
i love the all-in-one idea
this might be good if you have really dry skin
this product made me break out so bad.
to my liking it smelled very bad
i really wanted to buy this product
those two things are important to me
i wanted to love it because it has such a nice texture to it
i really don't know how i feel about this cream.
i really wanted to like this face cream
i really wanted to like this moisturizer
i really liked the consistency of this product
the smell is really weird it reminds me of a tomato
for the price i think it is just ok
i really wanted to love this
i don't like how my skin feels with it
've noticed that my skin is greasy right after i put this product on
what happened to me was scary
it broke me outtttti really wanted to like this productim thinking it's more for normal skin
good things to say about it
it feels great right after i put it on
this product is just way too greasy for me
i've read lately that no product has really
i really liked it at first
it definitely felt like it was working
i think this would be good for the winter
it really irritated my eye area
i don't really see the difference.
i really liked this lotion at first
i really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this moisturizer
i also don't feel the need to praise the product
i can imagine this being good for very oily people
i always still felt tight on my face after i used this
although it could be good if you are very oily
it was pretty annoying.
my skin still felt tight afterwards
i really wanted to like this cleanser
it felt different on my skin
nothing has really seemed to help my skin
i tried this one because i heard good things about ren
after i use it i always feel like there is oil on my face from the day
i like when i feel clean!
it is important to let others know when something is irritating
it seriously feels so amazing on your skin
this cleanser didn't do a very good job of taking off my makeup
i wanted to love this stuff.
i felt like i needed to use a ton of it to cover my whole face
i also didn't feel like my face was clean after use
i really liked how it felt on the skin
if you want your face to feel clean
definitely not made for me.
i really wanted to like this cleanser.
my skin does not feel clean after i use it
i really liked the concept of this cleanser--that it would be gentle
this definitely did nothing for my acne
i really liked the smell
i feel like this clay cleanser didn't do much for me
i also really hated the smell
weird because it worked on everyone else
i really thought this was a great br
i really wanted to love this
this means you need a lot of it to put on your face
this is going to sound odd
i also do not like the feeling of the product
thought this product would be great for me
this felt good on my face
i tried so hard to make it work
it did leave my skin looking very red afterwards
that did make my face smoother for sure
it's fine enough to use, for fun i suppose.
thank you very much for the surprise face wax.
maybe my skin isn't in as bad of shape as i thought
i will just continue to use the nose strips for i feel like it works best for my nose
this mask makes my eyes water really badly.
definitely stear clear of this product ladies.
so this mask really shouldn't have had too hard of a time pulling any out
that just shows how passionately i feel against this mask
how everybody else was raving about it
it's really fun just to use.
your pores are really big
it is so hard to find a decent charcoal peel off!
this mask actually hurts a bit to get off.
pretty bummed out it didn't live up to the hype.
when i got it i was really hoping it would perform as it says
it just isn't working for me
did a whole face mask
i gave it a 3 because it left my skin feeling very smooth
bought this thinking it was going to be great.
it left my skin feeling really smooth
i can't say i notice anything particularly great about how my face feels after peeling it off
got a sample because my boyfriend kept bugging me to that he wanted to try it because he saw videos of guys doing it on instagram
makes me trust them less....
the only good thing is that my skin feels clean.
i think maybe is cool the process of applying it
i feel like a drugstore brand would work better
it felt like it just never really dried down at all
it felt like my skin wasn't absorbing it or something
this is definitely not good for oily skin.
this is an okay product.
i wanted to like this product
really have to be honest
definitely way too thick
this was just not the right moisturizer for me.
figured i'd enjoy this as well
i do think it was the fragrance.
my skin never felt tight the entire day
you have to really rub this into the skin
definitely not for combination skin!
i really do not like the fragrance
i really that it has spf
i love almost everything i get here
while i like how it makes my skin feels very soft -- it did nothing for my dark spots or fine lines
i really wanted this to work!
i used the whole bottle to give it a fair chance
feels like big bang for your buck
i didn't like how it felt on my skin one bit.
people at work started asking me if i was getting suntans
it does seem to last forever which is nice given the price
i really want to love this eye cream
i don't feel much difference around my eyes
i really have high hopes.
my makeup would always crease.
i don't think an eye cream should be hard that i am pulling
i care a lot about texture
i imagine it would work quite well
i wanted this to work for my eye area
should be great for someone, though.
i feel sweaty when i put it on
this stuff brought me right back to that icky feeling
i can normally keep my skin pretty decent
i it made my skin feel good.
it felt good going on, but now it's awful.
i wanted to love this cream but it was just ok.
it did go on nicely though
it really packs in the moisture, that's for sure.
did feel good on the skin
sadly it did make my skin feel like velvet
it feels nice going on
i really haven't seen any difference in my skin
it really felt like i was putting h
the product is just ok.
i wish it worked better considering that i don't wear a lot of makeup
feel like my make up is not completely off
this just feels like a primer.
i really liked the way that it smoothed over my skin
figured this would be just as great
foundation didn't sit very well.
there was nothing really special about it
i've heard good things about bobbi brown products
ii have a hard time finding a product that does a great job
to be honest at first i loved it
honestly this product is just so/so for me.
i really like the texture
i usually really like this br
both were just ok.
this felt nice on my eye lids
it freaking made my eyes itch so freaking bad
i really wanted to like this
i liked this eye cream a lot at first
to spend $52 on just okay
especially as something that will work well under my makeup
when i saw everyone raving about this product i just had to try it
really not sure that it is any more hydrating than other eye products
so after hearing how amazing this product i finally gave it a try to see how amazing it works
i feel like alot of people get pretty fast notice
i want some opinions because i really want it to work
i've always had very clear skin
i always feel like there's a little residue left.
textures was great, smells were okay too.
it absorbs great but it just wasn't for my skin.
although i really love the scent of this product it is just ok
the reason i rated it a 2 is because it does not remove my makeup very well
my face felt really clean though
both remain true: it feels nice putting it on
i think that's it's great this product works for so many
i find the scent truly off putting
i really wanted to love this.
honestly i feel this is better for dry skin.
my makeup did not feel matte throughout the day.
i do like it a lot and i love bobbi products.
i like the way this feels on the skin
i really wanted to love this product.
i actually enjoy using it.
wanted to love this so badly!
figured i'd try it for myself
which can be a pretty look
it held up really well
i really wanted to love it
i've always wanted to try this product
i really wanted to love this product
which really is just an awful smell
this product is okay
i really wanted to love this eye cream
i look like i'm crying
not in a good way
all those youtube guru's are talking about how great this bobbi brown eye repair cream is
thought i would spend a pretty penny on this to fix some under eye dryness
i really wanted to love it especially since it's so expensive
i dont feel that it absorbs quickly.
the price not sure it's great
i knew the cream was going to be very rich just based on it's name
i liked how it looked
not how it felt on my face
maybe i'll get used to it since it's a new feeling
it just feels weird.
i really wanted to love this product.
you can instantly feel
obviously the product was gone
i wish they can work on that because you certainly felt the tightening effect of the product
it just didn't look very appealing.
they are pretty bad
i feel like this is trust the beginning
it's very hard to get this film off
got some pull bit not feel comfortable ony face.
what a seller told me there was that it might be of better use for older ladies
i hate returning things
i really think this whole br
i got this product in hope it would help smooth my wrinkles
always got a white mask no matter what i tried
i will say that it was a very tight feel
i hate the way it makes my face feel
some of the time there was a white film like others have said
i got tired of trying different ways to make it work
still i get the film
i've tried everything with this product
on the pro side it does tight your skin an make it look amazing in that respect
i don't seeing it be worth it if you need to buy another cream just to make this one look alright on you
i could feel it and see it.
my other products took care of my other lines pretty well
i've had a really good history with ren products.
this seemed like a good choice
it makes me feel like i put baby oil all over my face which i don't like
on the plus side it does smell really good!
it broke me out pretty bad
this is just my experience because everyone has different skin types
it seems to work just fine
it smells really pretty
definitely something for summer.
did not feel a difference in my overall skin health
it doesn't leave my skin feeling great
told me how amazing it was
still when i move my face i can feel it pulling like it's still dry
i really liked the feeling of this moisturizer going on
it seemed to work alright
my make up looked awful
really don't like the way it feels or goes on.
nothing seems to not make this go on nicely
it nice until i tried it on my face
i really wanted to love what this product could do to prevent aging on mid 20's skin
i so wanted to love this product!
dirty feeling ughhhh going to have to return it
really wanted to love this
my skin even felt tight after i used it.
this product does feel great under the eyes
when i tried this on in the store i really loved the concept
i really wanted to like this product
i can’t tell that it has made any difference in my skintone
it felt nice but didn't de puff very much for me.
as i like a lot of them
it definitely isn't doing much
it was an okay product.
it didn't really do a whole lot
i feel that it does a good job
after using this my eyes are so puffy that i look like i've been ugly-crying all night---to the point that colleagues are asking if i'm ok
its a nice addition to whatever regimen you may have
the only good thing is it felt cool under the eyes
i feel like i paid a lot for the little tube of depuffing gel
the rolling does not feel pleasant.
it feels nice going on
it did feel cool on my eyes
i think the coolness helped a bit
the metal roller feels really nice on my eyes
i'd personally like to try something else that offers more hydration
it's really so strong
i really don't like the scent of it!
so many of you may find this very odd to believe
wanted to try something different
could feel the cream very heavy on my face
wanted to like it as it's a nice formula
let me start by saying that my under eye area is big big concern
i like the feel of this product.
i really wanted to like this product
then what the heck is with my undereyes
this felt nice going on
really helped my dark circles
i still had no change in coloration of my dark circles under my eyes which was the thing i was really wanting
good for winter but definitely not summer.
i am definitely a fan of how it works to help prep by under eyes for makeup when layered under my primer
i am not sure how i feel about this cream.
not sure i like this feeling.
definitely do not buy it
i liked the feel of this cream
i really wanted to know if it would make a difference
even if this was the best stuff on earth
just as she said
the first bit that comes out is hard
the first bit to come out is hard
i am really not happy wasting so much lovely cream every day
it was great for everything else
felt that this would be a good fit for me
i really wanted to like this cleanser because of how highly it was recommended to me
this really reaked havoc under my eyes
it feels very nice when you put it on
i am getting the sense that it is starting to break me out
definitely kept the night cream though!
really wanted to try the day version
i really liked the benefiance wrinkleresist24 "night" cream
and it really sticks around.
it felt very luxurious going on
doing nothing for dark circles
i guess it was too rich for me
i really wanted to like this eye cream
it was a big waste of money for me.
meants that's it is not working for me
this is good for day time if you want something that lightly hydrates
liked the scent enough
this product certainly claims to take on a lot
actually really mad at this product because i have never found a face moisturizer with a great texture it is like a creme gel formula really lightweight i used some samples i got from sephora
it is so strong i feel like i can taste it gosh it really ruins the product for 150 bucks remove the perfume because it does have perfume in their because it list it on the ingreidents
really wanted to love it after i was told how amazing it was
because i really wanted this product to work
have a combination skin like me
the best thing about this product is the way your face feels right after it sinks in -- smooth
if you want a good moisturizer
a big issue for me
it seemed like it sorta might have worked
so i thought, heck, maybe it does work after all.
did not feel it helped in refining pores
although it does feel nice
it did make my face feel smooth
it also has a very greasy feel
maybe its just doesnt work on me
it does feel nice on my skin
i soooo hoped this was going to be my answer to huge pores
i believe it's a good moisterizer for my combination skin
didnt help me at all
it made me break out horribly
really wanted to like it
it was just ok
at first i love this stuff
really wanted to love it because it did visibly brighten
when i've been taking good care of my skin
i feel like this really should be in a pump bottle
it was not a good experience for me
eye cream so thought this would be great
i love the night time cream these guys make
it goes really quick too
like the way it goes on.
the texture was also a big turn off for me.
haven't really noticed a difference.
the product does feel good
the smell was too intense for me
feels good as you put is on your skin
not in a good way
i really do not like this moisturizer at all
i hate saying it because i had pretty high hopes
i do realize i have very good skin to begin with
it all sounds like a cool story from a movie or something
i read so many great things about this
most things make me break out.
it has a very different "feel" to it.
so of course i freaked out
i really wanted to like this product.
this seemed like a good fit
i decided to go back because i just loved the way my skin felt using these products
it feels ok going on
i really don't think it's doing anything for my wrinkles at all
he really likes the firming
i know that he needs spf during day time as he's always in
i definitely feel like i don't look so tired
this product is okay.
wasn't really brightening at all.
the only thing i won't really enjoy is the smell it has a weird smell
i wanted it for my dark circles
the only thing it does for me in smooth my under eye area
i felt that it made my under eyes look really greasy
unfortunately my finelines under my eyes are still there
i feel bad wasting it
glad i got it in my play box
it did not reduce fine lines or make me feel any brighter
someone said this product is not for younger skin
it has really irritated my eyes
too bad, because this stuff works!
this really does smooth under eye lines.
so this product really works
you can definitely feel
really my review is 1.5 stars.
i wanted this to work so bad.
ok so you put some on your eyes
you really have to clean your face well
i so wanted to like this product
it certainly does make you look good for a few minutes
it definitely tightens, that's for sure.
definitely need to work to get this product right
not in a good way
which can not be good for the skin around the eye
this definitely does what it claims
really wanted this to work
sort of "hard" when i'd smile
i just wanted my eyes to appear smoother.
sure it helps with dark circles some
i guess it worked in a way
it is always the same
while commuting he said "your wearing that stuff again"
'm pretty positive i wasn't using too much
i still got white stuff around my eyes
it looked like i put nothing on my face.
my face felt slimey all day
to be honest i feel like it almost emphasizes the pores more
will make your face feel
i think i'm done with clinique.
it seems to smooth things out
it gets the job done
definitely regret buying it
honestly i think all the oil in this was contri
it gets a no from me
it was always the same
i definitely love josie's other products
so that's a plus for me
i also don't really wear make up
i love the smell of this stuff it makes me especially happy in the morning
it was really difficult to get off of my skin
t's hard for me to find something that perfectly works
my skin feels really nice afterwards.
i always loved it
i wanted to love this cleanser so badly
this probably just wasn't a good fir for my skin.
this stuff smells like crisco
very sticky and not good under make up.
i feel like this product never fully absorbs into my skin
it leaves me feeling like i'm wearing a mask
my face felt like it couldn't breathe
unfortunately i am pretty sure this started clogging my pores
there was definitely something in this product that my skin didn't like
the feeling i get
they hurt really bad
this one definitely isn't for me
my face is pretty small]
i started to get really oily
i feel like for the price
never really meshed with my skin
the smell is okay
it did feel good on my skin
i felt as though i had a film of oil over my face the whole time
couldn't again because i felt like my face was dirty the whole day
i would rather find something that could feel good on my skin morning
it smelt so good and was in a pretty blue bottle!
i really wanted to love it because of the smell
how smooth it feels going on
the other 1 for the pretty case.
it feels pretty greasy
it feels a bit greasy when you put it on.
there really is nothing special about it
really really wanted to like this moisturizer
it is overall very ineffective at doing what it is actually supposed to do--moisturize
that probably was the reason my skin brokeout sooo bad was because of the perfume smell in the product
it does have a really nice scent
i will give it one very good perk
at first i really liked it.
i really wanted to love this product
i personally like the smell
definitely not for everyone
i really love benefit
am always searching for something that works
noooo i still have quite a lot of product left ugh
definitely does nothing for fading dark circles
really wanted to love this product
it hurts like crazy if you even get a tiny bit in your eye
this burned like heck
i wanted to love this stuff
really only use it for a max of 10 mins
this stuff is a no go.
maybe it's good for just tired eyes
it really doesn't help with redness very much
not in a scary way, like in a "it's working" way.
wanted to love this so bad because of all the hype
thought well i'm gonna give this another shot
don't really see the tightening
thought it could work as primer for your under eyes
two stars because it makes my undereyes look smooth
keep you looking well rested even if you're not
it wouldn't last me very long
i really wanted this to work
i think i'm going to look for a different product asap
not really sure how well this worked at all
not 100% sure on the brightening success
i think i just wanted to see it
this stuff seems to do ok
i like the feel
i put that in quotes because i am really starting to think there is no such thing
i really hoped this product would work for me.
have always had dark
after using this for a number of week i am sad to report it really has not done anything to change the look of the dark circles
was really hoping this eye cream would work
really would have loved this cream to be just as effective as kate's other products
i feel like it did reduced the fine lines under my eyes
it is just ok.
this really aggravated it
i feel like this is just a waste of time
this eye cream definitely felt great going on
this eye cream is just okay
this really did nothing for me
thought that this might be a good night-time eye cream
i think this is better suited for a college kid though oh
but seriously, it didn't feel good.)
i think this has to do with my skin
it smells really funny.
i really wanted to love this as my new eye cream after my algenist crapped out on me
at first it seemed really nice
i really wanted to like this product
the odor really bugged me
i wanted to like this a lot
i really like this product.
this doesn't feel gritty enough to actually be doing anything
which is a bad thing for me
?...weird...going to see if i can return it.
the girl who helped me said it would be good for my sensitive
it feels really nice to rub in
it does make my face feel softer
you feel like you're getting scammed
is doing nothing for dark spots
my fave does feel smoother when i use this product
also it felt pretty sticky on the face.
wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to love this product
in those 2 days my face looked horrible
it makes sense it broke me out.
my skin can get pretty dull
i really wanted this to work for me
i felt like it wasn't sinking into my skin
said so many nice things about it
does not feel good if you rub your eye
i really wanted to love this
whose products i really like
went in thinking this would be a great moisturizer for under my eyes
i think this would be good if you spend a lot of time outside
i could definitely see it working for someone else
i found myself always looking to see if i had another product because i thought this was very thick
it really has made no difference
i do not feel that this eye cream truly delivers results
some work well for me
so with that said
as i personally think an eye cream should be thicker in consistency
i've used up the whole thing
which is not intolerable if something works really well
it works pretty well
i really really wanted to love this product.
i really don't like it.
even though i really like how it felt on my skin
my skin doesn't feel comfortable enough
this still very good and works on some people.
i will say that it smells great
i liked the feel of the perricone
i kinda feel like a chump for spending so much money on this eye cream
it really did little to nothing for me.
as it is for me
feels nice going on
it is a great moisturizer wish i could continue to use it
the gal at sephora told me that i only needed a very tiny amount
it also stung like crazy pretty much every time i used it
i got something different
this feels so great as you're putting it on
i always look greasy
i would rate you guy 3 stars
this product is really doing nothing at all for my skin except drying it out
i definitely wouldn't recommend this product.
really have not seen a change
i also agree with the others who said it feels as if it leaves a weird film on your face
unfortunately not in a good way
i really just have nothing good to say about it
this was just too greasy for me.
not even like a chemical smell just really really bad
even then my skin still felt disgusting
but my face felt like a dream afterward - lol.
it definitely took of a good bit of my makeup
overall i think the product is alright
the smell is also not very pleasant, imo.
smells really really bad!
i didn't find anything really great or even good about this cleanser
didn't even really feel it left your face clean
since i've heard so many great things about the br
it does a good job of taking off the makeup
my face did not feel clean
maybe it just doesnt work for my skin type
it really did nothing for me
it smells very weird
i agree that it feels a bit greasy
it's pretty much the same experience.
that's what i felt like i put on my face
i wanted to like this product
this cleanser was just alright for me.
it didn't make my face feel tight
don't really see or feel any significant difference in my skin
it really did clean your skin
i loved what this did for my skin
wanted to love this so bad
i really wanted to love this product
just blah and old - kind of hard to explain!
i liked the way the product made my skin look
didn't feel great on my face either.
it felt great going on
that's about it for the positives.
knew what it was like
i just don't feel like it absorbs at all
the smell is weird too
because i feel awkward to return things
i really didnt see a big difference after using this product
one thing about tbis line is that it smells really good
it was just ok.
to be honest, i don't feel a difference at all.
it definitely had an odd smell as mentioned by others
the cream also had a weird reaction with my skin
i really wanted to like this cream.
it feels good going on
it made me breakout in places i have never gotten pimples before
it left a greasy film on top of my skin which is really weird because i have very dry skin
i really wanted to like this product.
i do feel as if my skin is firmer
how smooth it felt
definitely wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this product
if you can get by the smell it might be a great product
in this case i feel the need to
is definitely not a "mask
meaning if i feel like my face is looking tired from working so much
you can smell it when you first put the stuff on
i feel like the product just go into the skin after 10 mins i put it on
i loved the feel of this product
obviously i had to throw this product away.
feels good going on
once i started using this moisturizer i feel that it helped clear it up a bit
this is a great moisturizer, don't get me wrong.
not really.. my skin looks the same.
i loved the way my skin felt after applying it
not really loving it
it makes my skill feel really greasy which is new because not a lot makes my skin feel that way
i really wanted to like this product.
i feel like it's still a little oily for me personally
i feel extremely guilty for spending almost 50 bucks on a moisturizer
this product did a good job at removing my eye makeup
after using it for about a month now i feel like it has kinda destroyed my eyelashes
i really wanted to love this!
it really takes a lot to remove makeup
it did take off my makeup very well though.
like i am – i sometimes get migraines from very sweet smells – this is probably not the product for you
it's also difficult to get the water our of the bottle
i am definitely returning it.
the water itself is okay
it worked quite well
this is certainly a nice enough
it definitely gets off my makeup from the day
works well but i drys out my face really bad.
i wanted to love this product so bad!
great for if you go to the gym
not always around the eyes
so you definitely have to moisturize afterwards.
think it is okay for my skin
i wanted to like this product
i think it smells like lysol.
i do not see or feel a great difference in terms of result
however it didnt do a great job treating the dark circles or depuffing
it irritates quite a bit
i do feel it does a good job with dark circles
it is very refreshing when i put it on
sadly it was just okay for me.
not sure if this is normal because i dont really have super sensitive eyes
every single time i get really excited because i assume that my tired under eyes will look better because of what the product labels say
i look and feel more awake now!
you get a lot of product in a container!
really just added anothrr issue for me
she loves how refreshing it really is
this was not good for me
not sure how i feel about this.
it says that this product will not leave your skin feeling tight
even that moisturizer is pretty bad
i feel like i'm manhandling it.
i know a lot of people love this cleanser
for me i haven't noticed anything great about it
i don't find that it removes all of my makeup very well
if that makes sense
i found out the hard way.
definitely not this one
wasn't sure how much i liked that sensation
it definitely got all the dirt
i definitely will use it up
i really liked how foamy
this is the first time that a product reacts so terribly on my skin
she told me this product will work for me
this made my face feel really clean
i just can't get over how it makes my skin feel afterwards
for me, it was just a nice in shower experience.
my face does feel cleasned after using it
it stung my eyes really badly
i really like this product
it just looks a little weird
i've heard so many great things about this product from my friends who've used it in the past
they don't feel any better plus the smell gives me a headache
it makes all the bad stuff come on the surface
wanted to try it for myself
it does seem to work pretty well
the formula definitely does it's job
how orgins can think that is okay
this works pretty well
i just wasn't getting great absorption
i felt like i had to use quite a bit to feel like it was doing anything
i know there are better moisturizers out there for me
it was always the same
i really wanted to love this product.
i think it's a very good product if you have super dry skin
it's such a pretty color i sure wish it didn't feel greasy going on
very nice to use but so are others.
it feels like it doesn't really sink in
i really wanted to like this because it smells great
i don't like this kind of feeling.
it does go on very smooth
i really wanted to love this
has even commented how my shiny my face looks when i am wearing it
i loved everything about this except that it breaks me out so badly
makes me so sad to have to give it up because otherwise it was a good product :
i never looked so disgusting in my life.
i will finish the pot because it's somewhat doing the job
i really wanted to like this product because of the good reviews
my skin would feel really greasy to the point that i felt like i needed to blot my face
not sure if this is what is making my forehead breakout
they hurt really bad
really wanted to love this because of the price.
everything about this product -- except it makes me break out
made me break out really badly
heard such great things about it
not a good feeling waking up
that's just preference on my part.
another star because although it worked really well
other then those two problems it's a good night cream just wished it would've worked out for me
i feel that on my skin
like i can never get it completely off my skin sort of feeling
i think it does a good job of cleaning the skin
it definitely wasn't the right face wash for me personally
hard to use on your eyes as it really stings.
it made me realize that my skin works well with tea ingredients
i really wanted to like this product
i would definitely recommend this
i really wanted to start using more natural products for my face
maybe a good fit for done, but not for me.
i wanted to like this product
what i can say for this: it smells great
this cleanser, for me, is just "okay."
found that it just work for me
i felt like it was not cleansing enough
it's nice to use once in awhile
this is an okay mask.
you get a lot of product
it's also very hard to wash off
i didn't expect it to be so horrible due to the pretty good rating it has
it felt nice as it dried
it seems like a really nice product
this mask is alright
i really wanted to love this product
kinda sad because i really wanted to like tihs product
the sephora lady told me it would help clear my pores
i really love masks
i like how my skin feels after the mask.
it does leave my face feeling very clean
see how you like it
it tingles going on
i am in the middle of trying to find a good charcoal mask for myself
im not really sure im getting any results out of it
and i wanted to love it but it wasn't great.
this one is just ok
i would not purchase as my skin didn't particularly look great after using
when i used it did make my face feel smooth
the next face also felt a little weird
the cream does feel nice
i really wanted to like this eye cream because the price was nice
i really wanted to love this
overall it's an okay
it was just sort of there, a gel on my skin.
the cooling sensation makes you feel like it's working
especially if i use it right before my conselor
the product really does nothing to improve the under eye area
know what to look for
this stuff irritated my eyes
i am always trying different eyecreams.
it didn't feel like it hydrated very well either.
i really wanted to love this product.
it does foam up very well though just doesn't work for me
i liked how my face felt clean after i used this wash
it's a really good face wash
it worked really well for a while
it's no longer really working for my acne
it was so weird
i feel like i haven't noticed anything different
it seemed to be pretty good
it makes my skin feel really clean after using it
i really thought this stuff would work good because i use origins black charcoal mask
i don't know that it really made my face feel very tingly like it says it is supposed to
at first i thought i was going to like this because it made my face feel super clean
definitely not recommend to people
it did not leave my face feeling very clean
yes it did make my face feel dry
overall the product is just okay.
it was doing great getting my face clean
it's a nice product but it wasn't right for me.
i wanted to love this product so bad
i honestly think you're better off just purchasing a really good moisturizer
it smelles odd to me too.
guess i'll be returning this as well
it felt very good while it was on
i really not recommend people who have sensitive skin like me to try
think thats why my skin didnt like it
it did work pretty well on my skin
since it is the winter time i really wanted a mask to keep my face moisterized
i didnt like it all.
not a lot of products work for me
it felt kind of greasy
it feels really greasy on the face
heard so many great things about origins
whatever else is in this just makes me really really put off by the smell
i really like this product.
i really like the ingredients
didn't really moisture but was nice under makeup.
this definitely absorbs quickly right when you put it on
i liked the feeling it gave my skin
i wanted to love this product so badly.
this made my skin look
i also like the smell of this.
knowing what is in the products i'm putting on my face is always a plus
i really wanted to like this
it ran out pretty fast on me
i do feel a bit tight after putting this on
t's pretty much impossible to find a good moisturizer
it actually felt a bit greasy
i really liked how it made my skin feel matte
however, it made me break out pretty terribly.
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
have not really found that one that i really love
this was not a good match for my face.
i just feel like it's running out too fast
i feel like it has left my skin oilier lately
it has a nice cooling feel
it feels like it's doing something
it does smell really nice
i wanted to love this so bad!
definite a miss for me.
while it didn't get rid of my breakouts completely it definitely seemed to contain them a bit
i also really despise the smell.
it smells like halls although the cooling sensation is nice i guess
feels nice while you have it on
really wanted to try this mask
you get a lot of product in them
i saw zero difference although it does feel refreshing
i really wanted it to work!
while this mask felt quite nice
refreshing it did nothing for my skin
the mask does feel really good on your skin
there wasn't anything really great about this product
overall, this product just isn't for me.
because i really like the lotion
this seems to be an ok product.
it is one that i don't really see or feel much of a difference
i feel like it made my skin oilier as the day went by
this one definitely isn't
really wakes your skin
i love how light this is!!!
it hasn't really done either
it does feel good to have that cool refreshing feeling on your face
did not work nicely under makeup
the eye cream is alright
this might be a good thing for some
just an ok product.
this stuff is so awful i actually cried a bit today
got this thinking it would help
the first two days was fine i liked it okay although it made my eye area feel tight
after day 6 my eye area looked so awful my husb
this eye cream to me is really just ok.
however if you want something really gentle this is great
i think it's good enough to try it all around the eye area
found this to be just ok
i so badly wanted to love this product.
never really absorbs into my skin
it feels good putting it on
it leaves this weird film on my face :p i think this could work for others
i actually really dislike this cream.
this stuff does not look good underneath foundation at all
it hasn't really seemed to help my dryness either
overall i don't really like it
just totally not a comfortable situation
however i am only giving 3 stars because i don't really think this product helps to restore moisture to the skin
really regret buying this
this just felt like i was wearing a mask.
this is definitely not it.
it really is quite heavy
i recommend trying that one out if you liked the hydration of this
this definitely isn't it
it is difficult to get out of the container if you have long nails like myself
it almost feels like there is a lot of product on my skin
i felt in love with this product long time ago… love it
sometimes nothing…i definitely don’t like this new bottle
if they don't rock my socks i will definitely seek out a different br
it feels nice going on
i like how it is light
i liked the feel
am not sure if this is a great anti-aging treatment
not sure how well this product works as i was not able to use it very long
a really good product will start delivering in about 2 weeks
not really anything for my lids
for the first 2 days i really liked this product.
i felt like it was doing a great job at restoring some moisture
there really havent been any good results
i finished the whole bottle i noticed that this product does not feel moisturize
two weeks into it i guess maybe i see a very small improvement
though it felt nice going on
i got this for me
all of his other products have done amazing things for my aging skin
i wanted this to work for me
really wanted to like this cleanser cause it's so cool
it really does warm your skin when you put it on
've given it a fair chance
most there things are amazing i did love this
when i rebought i felt it was hit or miss with my skin i would use it as maybe after doing one of there masks works amazing
i love the way this product makes my skin feel
the first thing i notice is how bad it smells
it's okay feels good when it warms up.
my face feels really warm when i first apply it
assumed it was doing something good
when i apply this i feel like it does not really clean
i really wanted to give it a good chance
i feel like it should be done with that by now
i felt like it didnt penetrate deep into my skin to give me that nice fresh feeling
it seemed to work really well for my skin
smell is quite bad.
this product feels really good when being applied
feels like it is really getting your skin clean
if this product smelled better i would give it 4 stars
i would only give this product 5 stars if it made my skin feel fresh
it really only feels bright
haven't found any products that have really helped
feels very nice going onto the skin
i feel like my skin looks duller since i started using these products
the only thing i can say is that i liked the way it felted on my skin
really wanted this to work out .
i wanted this to work
until my mom told me that i should get some rest since my face looks terrible :
i feel for you guys who paid the high price
i wouldn't recommend it as anything more than an awesome moisturizer
that's all its really been good for
we both had a bad skin reaction to the product
i find the smell really off-putting though
it has done nothing for me
i really wanted to love this eye cream
how in the world am i going to apply eye makeup as my eyes are so tired
because its definitely not the application
said something about being mattifying
it is definitely not a product for me.
i really wanted to like this one
but this one i am not loving it.
this product feels good going on
it says it's suppose to help with redness so hopefully it does that for me
i feel like nothing
my face would feel
i tried to see how well this moisturizer would work on me
this hasn't really done what it claimed
i gave this product two stars because i really wanted to like it
it did not feel gel-like.
i really wanted to like the cream.
i don't feel like it actually sinks in
i kind of like the smell
i really wanted to like it
you have to really pull on your skin to get it applied
well its not really quite the noxema smell
you have to really like rose scent though
it felt really nice on my face
especially for something i'm trying to sleep in
i really wanted to love this moisturizer
unfortunately it left me with really red
how it feels on my face
i loved what this did to my skin
definitely not for me.
the scent was not bad just very strong to where i couldn't use it
i really wanted to like this.
i wanted to like this because it goes on so smooth
it really irritated my skin
it did a nice job of removing makeup
i tried the stuff for a week
maybe there was a good reason for the change
this thing smells exactly like a product my mum used to use when i was very little
nice to have around if you have the extra cash which is getting a bit tough these days trying to afford everything
after trying several times i'm just not a huge fan of the texture
it doesn't feel like it cleans your skin very well
so was really surprised how bad this is
i really hoped to like this product
also it seemed to leave a greasy feel to my skin.
that's the only way to really get it off
that leaves me a feeling that my face is not clean
this one just wasn't for me even though i really loved the scent
i wanted so bad to love this.
people with my skin type were raving about it
have liked all of them
though i love the whole idea of this cleaner my face did not
definitely not what i was expecting
it's so strong that it bothers me
leave my skin feeling nice
i guess my skin is just too sensitive
i liked the idea of the product
feel no difference in my skin when using this product
maybe it was a bad reaction to what flower is in it
sounded great seemed to look great when she put it on one h
seemed like a bunch of chemicals that could not be good for your skin in the long run
i am not a big fan of the pump
feels funny when you directly apply it to the face
it felt all like chemicals
it felt like i was putting something on my skin just filled with chemicals
have fun reading all that stuff up there.
i loved how it made my skin feel
while it feels good going on
that i really dont like it at all
while i do like the results i'm seeing
there are 2 other products i really love in it
i wish it worked well under makeup because it really gives my skin a smoother look
this was really a waste of money.
i really have a hard time using this because of the smell
feels good going on
the way it feels on your skin is strange
sure wasn't going to go down without a good fight
i decided there was only so much i was willing to do to have beautiful looking skin
i got extremely bad reaction on my face.
i liked the way it feels on my skin
there i said it.
it smells so awful i thought it had gone bad
i guess it hydrates okay
i would love this product a whole lot more if the smell wasn't so awful
because for all i knew it was miracle cream
this was a weird orange smell that i have never experienced before
not in a good way like others
i decided to get one with a smell i liked
in my experience this smelled nothing like those
part of me wonders if i just got a bad jar or something
i really wanted to like this product
i'd always preferred bliss' the youth as we know it
this one doesn't really smell good
if you put it too close to your eyes they will sitng really bad
i really only wanted to use this on my eye skin because of teh breakouts on other areas
i think i will give this to my mom who likes it
it feels like i am wearing a mask
just not the right moisturizer for me
my face felt amazing after just one use
my boyfriend has even commented on the terrible smell
althought it didn't work for my face the only good thing about this moisturizer is that it looked good under my makeup
that one seemed really nice
i really loved this product at first
i've never smelled anything more awful
i don't care how well this stuff works.
it feels nice enough on the skin
i kept using my sample just because i wanted to see if it did anything amazing for my skin
i get a little self conscious of others around me cause i smell like bengay or something
i am a big believer in do what works
the make up person helping me said it was amazing
someone with oilier skin could definitely use it though
i really liked the smell though.
i really like fresh products
i actually feel that this contri
this is definitely not it
the bottle really small for $$$ then it is really light
i've always had good skin.
i feel like it would last quite a while.
i really do like this product.
are not so nice
it feels great when i apply it
it sounds like a dream product
this really didn't improve my look at all
this product did not really help with shine control for me
using it anyway because it smells so good without being overpowering
i really wanted it to work for me
not quite as good
to cover my whole face i needed a lot of product
it feels good right after i apply it
not make you smell good
the consistency is hard to work with
do feel like my dark circles have improved
this product is just ok.
it definitely is cooling
it does provide relief when my eyes are super tired
this feels nice going on
'm always on the hunt for some good products to give me under eyes a little tlc
this product was alright
it felt nice on my eyes
i do believe there are better eye pick me-up's out there
which is what sr says your cleanser should not be making your skin feel like?
maybe just not suited for my skin.
only over it which i thought was weird
this product is definitely cooling
be careful because if you get it too close to your eye it burns really bad
i find it helps my eyes feel less tired
the salesperson said it'd work wonders on dark circles too
however i feel like that's all it really does
i also feel like it leaves a bit of a residue
make sure you look in the mirror after applying
i really liked this until it dried out on me
it's nice to use something to help it
its great when you don't sleep well
i feel a difference in the skin around my eyes
pretty sure the tingle instant relief is short lived
not really doing anything in the long run for my under eye puffiness
i really wanted to love this product.
it felt good under my eyes
i am definitely not a morning person
this really feels good with or without puffiness
though my eyes are not very puffy anyways
i like the feeling of it
love the feel of this product
has a tingly feel like menthol chapstick so maybe it feels like something is happening
definitely do not recommend.
the only reason i didn't give it just one star was because it actually felt good gliding on my skin
yes it felt cool
have heard all good things about clarins
it always caused a reaction on my fair skin
especially since i have loved all other clarins products i've tried
i really wanted something a lot more 'heavy-duty'
it may work really well
it works like it says
i really wanted to like this product
i looked forward to have my skin to be all balanced
definitely not for winter.
this is a nice moisturizer that's just ok for me.
feel like i'm having a true spa experience every time i wash my face
that was definitely not what mine smelled like
i believe this would work very well
few good things to say about it are
this feels nice going on
the product isn't really anything to get too excited about
because the texture was a deal breaker for me
i am a big fan of many omorovicza products
it is an okay product.
it felt like it wasn't absorbing into my skin
really wanted to like this product when i received it in the mail
i always look super greasy
whatever it is, it is too strong for my nose.
felt like it wasn't what my skin needed in the winter months
i think this oil is just too rich for me.
not in a bad way though it made my makeup look nice
not a huge fan just ok for me.
just put some coconut oil in a pretty dropper bottle if you really need the aesthetics
it is a okay oil.
i don't see that it has really done anything for my skin
i do like that my skin tingles when i put it on
i heard so many good things about this product
i really wanted to love this product because everyone raves about it
t's hard to see a reason to continue with this
i think i'll stick with them
i really wanted to fall in love with it!
i think this product really works
it's been weeks of me doing everything i can to get rid of the bumps
i did not like the feel of it on my skin
assumed this would really benefit me
if you're accustomed to aha you might not notice any great difference with good genes
this product does work for a lot of people
i gave it many chances because everyone raves about it
i really wanted to like this
went back to the tlc serum because it did/does great things for my skin
it was not good enough for me to get over the smell
i would not recommend on top it just smells very bad
seemed to be about great things
doesn't feel good when you are working the product into your skin
i did like the fact that my face felt clean
i honestly saw no difference in my skin.
i like how it makes my skin feel
i don't feel it has done much for my skin
they both get the job done.
but it's really bad.
it really strips my skin
that they're not exactly known for great smelling products
it seems to have cleaned my face really well.
it doesn't even feel that great on my face
it didn't feel like it did a great job cleansing
the cleanser didn't really make my face feel too clean either
this face wash is really just okay
almost feels like you're just moving around some product
kind of like the feeling when using philosophy purity
my skin should feel clean at the very least
some things i love
for 60$ cad i can find something better for sure
i really wanted to love this because i'm obsessed with the packaging
'm almost done with this whole bottle which i use every night with my clarisonic
feel like something should've changed by now
it sounded like a true miracle cleanser with all the right ingredients
pores that i always had
i never felt like i was getting enough of the clay portion
i do not feel any uplifting effect from this product either
it definitely makes my skin look younger when i wake up in the morning
am pretty sure it is effective
it does make me look younger
i really like the idea of this product
i felt like it never absorbed into my skin.
this product does feel quite wonderful when you use it
at least it feels good
i should of trust my guy
i think the smile lines are a bit too deep for this to truly work
i do like the consistency of the product
i really wanted this to work
it stung around my eyes pretty bad
i really want(ed) this cream to work.
it does feel good going on
well, now i know.....
i think it works really well to dab a little bit on the under eye where it's puffy
i will use on days that i really need something for my eye that is puffy
i loved the way it felt on my skin.
saw some good reviews here
so thought what the heck
like momma always says-if something is too good to be true well yep you guessed it-it is too good to be true
the texture is very weird to me, too heavy.
i got this hoping it would be a good lightweight moisturizer that would keep breakouts in check
i really wanted to love this
it just had a really awful smell
i really liked this moisturizer at first--it made my skin feel so soft
it really just feels like an oil-free
my skin is finally looking good
in the winter it is not good
this made me break out horribly.
when i use this product it really stings my face.
it really leaves your face feeling smooth
the product is definitely 5 star
it felt really smooth going on
it has caused me to break out really bad
however does not smell very good
only good thing is that it made my face really soft
just didn't work very well for my skin type.
i've tried to be really careful
love what it has done to my skin
which i miss sooooo very much
wanted to love this product
i wanted this work for me soooo bad
i never felt any improvement
i like the consistency of this product a lot
this is definitely not the product.
i really wanted it like it
i really want this product to work
luckily my skin is clear most of the time.
this one is okay
i feel like it does a so-so job on treating the spots
this stuff is okay i guess.
this stuff takes forever to work
i feel like this moisturizer was just alright.
my skin did indeed feel smoother
this is probably great for people who don't have as dry as skin as me
my face was shiny and it looked and felt bad.
this works pretty well for the price
my skin has never looked this bad.
if you tried other good product
you will think is product is not good
i also found it really difficult to lay on my eyes in a way that it was actually touching my eye skin
i like how cool it feels
i definitely prefer the boscia sake under eye masks
thought i'd get this one
this was kinda cool to use
the feel of the mask is nice, just no results.
the thing just did not stay on very well
i wanted this to work so bad.
the smell was really overwhelming too.
i really wanted it to work.
although it felt nice
i think it would be fun with friends at a sleep over
this product was not as good as others i've tried
these feel good on your eyes
it did feel cool while it was placed on
i still got bad breakouts.
nothing seems to work for me
i really needed/wanted this to work
it also made my skin really oily which was weird.
wanted a few blackheads to go for good
i think i've picked the wrong thing for my normally "normal" skin
i wanted it to work
i just wanted it to work :
we can cry together
btw it does not sting it feels so nice on your skin well tbh it doesn't feel like anything
in weird areas of my face since i started using this
i really wanted to like this after reading all the great reviews
i don't really see any improvements to my skin.
i really liked this product for about 3 weeks
i think it was too harsh for my skin
wanted to love it, but it reaks.
i really liked the way it felt on my skin
its nothing really special
it has a really heavy feel on the skin
it made my face really red
seems pretty good, but a little sticky.
made me really greasy
it really did not feel light or oil-free
i find foundation sticks to it weird
decided to give this stuff a whirl
basically where your face moves the most
i felt that my foundation
i really tried liking this product
it makes me breakout too
the whole tube thing makes no sense to me
i didn't really feel like this product got absorbed
i found it to be very hard on my skin
you can look it up.
you can feel it on top of your skin
on top of that i feel this makes my skin feel/look dull
i am not sure that it has done anything for my darker spots
i am going to try the whole course
this one really does not suit me
it did not feel good.
it smells pretty much like an acne medication
one pump didnt feel like enough for my entire face
i break out like crazy
i really don't understand this oil.
i still have a whole big 3
i really wanted to like this one.
loved the feeling on my skin
not really thinking about how good the product may be
i recognize it it not for everybody
so that is pretty rad
it is definitely not
this is not good on my skin.
i don't particularly like how it feels on my skin
spraying oil is really not a good idea because of the risk that you might breathe it in
it was a bit of a weird situation for a mask
didn't really improve my skin at all.
it felt so smooth
i guess my skin felt a little softer afterwards maybe?
so i really wanted to love this product!
it's nice if you have the extra money to spend
the smell bothered me as well
this is a so-so product for me.
not sure that it would be enjoyable for everyone
this one is nice when i'm just feeling in the food for mask that feels nice at the end
i feel like i need to put on more lotion
i do not feel like it mattifies my skin
i really didn't like the way this felt on my skin
yeah,well it makes your skin feel good.
put the moisturizer on as soon as i did my face started to itch really bad
maybe she didnt listen i really wanted to love this
just not right for my skin
i think it would work great for most skins.
i really wanted to love this product.
i didn't feel that it really moisturized well
i really wanted to like this product since i was in love with the smell
m sure i will love this too
my forehead is generally pretty clear so that really upset me
i just feel like some of it is always sitting on my skin
i feel like it doesn't really absorb
this was not horribly bad
i also felt like it gave me little bumps
i felt it on my face all the time
it really did not go well with my bb cream or bareminerals powder
it's fairly ok, but def not a rescue level good.
this always leaves a light film on my skin – i definitely couldn't use it as a day moisturizer
definitely not helping with the dark circles!
it does a good job of *kinda* hiding the circles
not sure how i feel about this product.
the only thing i liked about this was the applicator
i never really noticed a difference in my dark circles
the eye cream feels really nice under my eyes
like how it moisterizes my under eyes
it feels nice going on
im really careful with eye cream when i apply it
mostly i love the way my skin feels when i'm using it
although i love the design of the product i don't believe it really has helped with the dark circles
it does feel cool
i did not feel the product absorbed well
i ve never had real problems with dark circles
i've always had dark circles.
instead just get a really good concealer.
just not feeling the love!
i really wanted to love this product.
i am just starting to feel like i'm seeing results
i really wanted to like this eye cream
this product is not really an undereye cream at all
i really wanted to love this product
i really don't see a difference in my dark circles
after hearing so many amazing things about this i really expected to be blown away with its effect on my skin
i've seen a lot of people talking about a formula change
now i'm not quite sure
i really wanted to love this face oil.
the scent was also pretty off-putting for me.
i really like how moisturized my face felt after putting this on
it kinda luminates the skin
because this make my skin feel tight
i feel so strongly about the way my face reacted to this product that i feel the need to warn others
i feel this product really needs to be used with the pads for full effect
this stuff smells so bad.
i can honestly say that my skin is looking better
i wanted to love this this
this made my skin feel great on the first night
maybe i'm too used to serums that i can feel working
it's didn't feel like something that was doing me any good
if that makes sense
this stuff felt like water on my face.
i really really want to like this
maybe my skin just needs to acclimate?
why this product got so many great reviews
broke me out really bad
i don´t like how it smells
make sure you know what you are getting into for your skin
definitely helps to control oil
this is probably ideal for those with really oily skin
this mask really stinks
is really easy to remove
it definitely does not work for spot treating acne
i felt like as i get older
i feel like it is just a poor value for the price
it might otherwise be great stuff
the salesperson was really convincing
definitely not for mature
i truly wanted to love this product because of how expensive it was
now my skin feels dirty if i do
the only change i've noticed in my skin is whatever that's in the formula different is making my skin break out like crazy
i definitely felt a layer of something not quite sticky
the only good thing i can say about it is that it smells good
if you really want results
i really wanted to try this product
it certainly feels good
some days i do think it is great
not sure how my skin is supposed to look/feel after so long
it really brightens the area under my eyes!
i consider myself to have pretty bad dark circles under my eyes
i don't think this made a very big difference at all
that's really all it does.
unfortunately it didnt work for me
i really liked it
at the same time my eyes started to feel itchy
i really wanted to like this product
my eyes started to water really bad
definitely taking it back to try something else.
really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this
lesson learnt the hard way.
no matter how careful i was it always managed to get into my eye
it didn't do a whole lot in the way of brightening
this really left my under eye area looking greasy
it does make my skin feel a bit softer.
my skin is very dehydrated this did nothing would recommend trying before you buy
i feel like this product was just made to make you want to buy the serum
i feel like it is way too heavy for these skin types
i however really hate the feeling
the only thing i really like about this is the price
this almost always leaves my skin feeling greasy
everything else about is pretty decent.
it feels very refreshing once you put it on
this also broke me out terribly.
this definitely wasn't the one
i really liked it, at first.
i feel like this moisturizer doesn't really do anything to keep me hydrated throughout the day
runs out really quickly
this product is okay.
i gave it a good 4 weeks to make sure it wasn't just a strange skin bought
i didn't really get a huge payoff in terms of my skin feeling moisturized
it wasn't enough on my really dehydrated days
i could never get my foundation to blend well while wearing it
this made me breakout like crazy!
too bad because i liked it otherwise.
i feel like the consistency makes you believe it's rich
i always felt very flaky afterwards
i so wanted to love this!
pumps are always #1 in my opinion
has not given me any benefits like brightening that make me want to keep it
i really wanted to like this moisturizer because i really love their cc cream
it really is to bad
while i liked the camu camu line pretty well.
if only i was hard of smelling
i am thinking maybe that was what was irritating my face
my skin feels good after applying it
too bad- i really liked t..
it didn't feel like it got absorbed into my skin at all
it makes me break out a lot!
i wanted this to work!
i felt like i was wearing a mask
it really helped reduce my acne
can only say my face smells nice
given the amount of money that i paid for this product i just feel bad to throw it in a garbage
so you kind of feel like it's working
my philosophy has always been that if it works
i really don't care
i tried this product hoping that it would do something amazing for my pores
it definitely tingles when you put it on
i will say that my skin does feel very matte
i feel that products need quite a bit of time to really work
do i really think this will make a difference in the discoloration when even my dermatologist is out of ideas?
i wanted to love this because it smells so good
this worked really well
it makes me break out
i feel there are other clay
i really wanted to love this product line because of all the great reviews
it doesn’t make my skin break out so that’s nice.
i liked how this made my make up look
i really wanted to like this.
i think my skin looked better
the product was alright
feel like i unfortunately wasted $70
as for the product itself it was okay.
i used it as advices my skin felt good
it hurt my face sooo bad.
i really love the deep clean
the clay was not as easy to get out
the same thing happened to my skin
don't think it makes a difference to my eye area.
i really wanted this to work
it seemed like a no-brainer
the only good thing i like about this product is
i don't know why lancôme thought this applicator was a good idea
not many products have had a fantastic outcome for me
i think the bottle will last me quite a while
i look tired all the time
also, my eye makeup is really running.
makes my face feel dirty
luckily i received this product free to try in exchange for my honest opinion
just hoping to find a skin care routine that i love
it wasn't quite a breakout
i like to focus on one area to see if the product is really working
the product itself is really light
goes on really smooth
will definetly look forward to how it works when the weather is not so hot
i like the way this product feels
it did a good job of making my skin feel smooth
it bothers me that this product has such a good review
i don't feel that this product helps in that area
i really had high hopes for this cleanser
it did nothing to make my face feel really cleansed
this really made my skin look bad
sunblock with my eye make up it really was not very useful to me
it felt pretty disgusting
i try to take really good care of my skin
it does feel very good on your skin
i really wish that i saw a difference in my mid 30s wrinkles
i really wanted to like this mask because i heard from so many people that it really works
for quite awhile now
this is truly just for name.
i think im better off sticking with their essence
it is really not cheap.
tired because this product irritates my eyes so badly
i really wanted to love this product based on the ingredients
really not a fan of this product.
i guess my eyes are just too sensitive because it stings my eyes
it was really unpleasant for me
it is probably a good buy
i really wanted to like it
but it made me break out terribly!
my skin reacts terribly to what ever is in this mask
i really haven't noticed a difference
for the price i'm really not too crazy about it :/
maybe i got a bad batch because so many people seem to love it
it's so fun to see your pores get shown whats up with this mask
personally everyone's experience is different
i've always wanted to try the mudmasks from glamglow because everyone talks so good about them
this stuff made me breakout.
i really really realllyyyy wanted to love this product because who doesn't want clear skin
i really wanted to like this mask
i really wish it workout out considering the price
i kinda see a difference kind of don't
i feel like i'm going into my yard
nice as a treat to myself every other month
no chance in the morning which i was highly mad about since it's claims said it helps with blemishes
a lot of glamglow products make me break out unfortunately
i really wanted to love love this face moisturizer
frankly it makes my face kind of greasy
really wanted to love it
i definitely suggest trying it first
when i wake up in the morning my skin tends to feel very greasy
really not hydrating (for me anyways)
definitely not in the summer
the only con i can think of is i am not very fond of the scent
as i've heard great things about this line of skin care
i wanted to try something different because of spring
feel are a big thing to me
sadly it's just too strong for me
i seriously wanted to love this.
i love the feel of it
i truly wanted to love this
it also made my skin feel really really oil with this on
i think this cream seems like it would be great
this stuff makes my face feel really smooth
this stuff would be great for you
it felt like i was wearing clear foundation.
you know what got you interested in it
it doesn't feel good on the face
it honestly makes me want to rewash my face
thought it smelt pretty bad
i really wanted to love the product
i really wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this product
it makes my foundation feel heavy
while my skin did improve it is very skicky
the oil feels ok on my skin
i feel like im just wasting it
my skin does feel nice
felt it was nice under makeup
still nice feeling just maybe not the results i thought
i never really notice a difference
one is very bad
my eyes do feel a bit smoother
i don't feel like they have been brightened at all
i am always on the lookout for a good eye treatment
many people love the smell
i really dislike it
bummer because the price point is pretty good for the size
probably works great for other people
i am pretty obsessed with everything fresh
like it got the job done
it just didnt sink in my skin like i wanted it too
i really wanted to love this product
i got pretty bad acne
the only reason why i gave this product 2 stars is because it did moisturize my skin pretty good
this moisturizer is definitely a miss.
i wanted this moisturizer to work out because the texture is so nice
i hated the feel of it.
it makes my skin look really bad
i feel i lack a lot of moisture
some days this works really well with my combination skin
it has a nice consistency however i haven't seen any wow effect
it does make my skin feel a bit smoother
definitely was not 1.6oz of product.
i found that this stuff only works well for me as a night time moisturizer
it was too rich for my skin in the day which caused me to break out here
giving it three stars because i really wanted it as both a day
feel as i put it on
maybe its just my body chemistry
i don't feel like this product absorbs very well
thinking maybe my skin will get used to it
i mean it feels all right to put on.
i felt like i needed to use a lot of the cream to feel anything
think philosophy needs to review its ingredients as i see i am not the only person who has had a bad experience
this was horrible under my eye area it hurt my skin just putting it on
everything is different for everyone
last time i felt this kind of irritation on my skin was when i used really strong skin peeling cream
i really wanted to love this product
the reason for two stars is that my skin felt so good to the touch
if i found another product that made it feel this good without the burning
i do like the consistency of this product.
it feels nice going on
which has never felt nicer
this cream does not work well with my skin at all
this stuff seems to work.
this product really irritated the skin around my eyes
my eyes have never looked this bad.
it made my eye area really irritated
made my eyes hurt like crazy
it hasn't done anything to improve my eyes.
i really would like this to work
it has done nothing for me
really sad that this didn't work.
maybe it works better if you just got the scar or maybe right after a break out
really wanted to see how well this product works
i really wanted this to work.
after buying a few tubes of these i found it really did nothing for my
i really wanted this to work.
it feels like nothing comes out half the time
the rep told me after 2 weeks of using it i would see a huge difference in my acne scaring
they might not be as fun to apply
night like it says to
i feel that it broke me out in the places that i put it
maybe i'm just not good at these things
i will say it goes on nicely
i really wanted to like this product
it's got my too scared!
thought what the heck
i really wanted this to work for me!
now my face looks very bad
now i really regret trying this cream.
this is my first time to review as i wanted to share my bad experience
i really don't want to go through any period of time with my skin rough
after application i would feel a weird sensation
making my face feeling taught
he sold it to me saying you get quite a lot for the price
i don't have a problem paying $80 for moisturizer if it's really awesome
it also makes my skin feel tight
it is really annoying
so sad because i loved the way my skin was feeling
i could feel it on my skin long after applying
first, smells really weird.
it's a bit too strong for me
it always stings my eyes
it makes my face dry so at the moment just to use this all up i always combine it with my other cleanser
really wanted to like it
see if it is right for your skin
this is still a lovely product i just save it for the days i plan on wearing nothing
it is great to hear about these product i will gift it to my mom
pretty minor but definitely there fine lines.
this is hard to explain
do wonders for my skin
i do like the feel
but i think i'm going to use the whole bottle.
it seemed to be doing something
picked this stuff up again twice to make sure it was this stuff doing it
it seems that every time i start to use this amazing product
this makes me sad because i liked how it did minimize my pore size
i'd say this is good product
maybe i was expecting like wow pores are gone
i really liked the texture of this product
my mom even commented that i looked extra tired
i feel like i'm doing something wrong based on all of the positive reviews
which have both worked very well for me
did not feel comfortable under the eyes
this little guy wasn't cheap
really irritated my skin around eyes
the only thing it really does is moisturize
i always look tired
i actually really, really like this eye cream.
i wanted to like this product so bad.
what i will say is that it definitely brightened my dark circles
i really liked this product.
i actually thought i woke up looking more tired.
definitely nothing with brightens
like always it worked wonders at the beginning
unfortunately i haven't really noticed any improvement when it comes to the dark circles under my eyes
i like how it feels.
going into this i have pretty dark under eyes.
some is just me being so fair
it's pretty see-through
my eyes are still dark unfortunately
i wanted this to be my hg eye cream because it sounded so amazing
and it kinda helps but i didn't really like it.
this product has a lot of great reviews on how it really works or changed one's eye area
i don't ever feel like it soaks in
i very much wanted to like this eye cream
unfortunately this has not done a lot for my skin
it felt greasy for quite a while
i really wanted to love this.
it seemed like a good idea to use extra protection for cold
it feels like a dream
it hasn't done a whole lot of justice there either
maybe it is my skin.
definitely returning i am upset that it didn't work for my mom because i know that dior is a high end br
which hurt like heck
this product actually gave me
definitely not a product for me
i noticed the cream makes my eyes really watery even when i try not to put it on too close to them
i think the formula bothers my skin
it was so bad i almost thought it was an alergic reaction
i definitely don't think it has helped
i am still a big fan of clinique products
i guess it'd be great for someone with dry skin
maybe i'm just sensitive to it... good luck :)
does feel light mosturize my eyes
it really does stay on top of the skin all night
i actually really liked this when i first tried it
it would definitely not be my go to
thought i'd try this mask
i wanted it to be amazing forever
loved the way it made my skin feel
i really wanted to like this product cause i love clinique products
i really wanted to love this product.
maybe this "mask" only works on young skin
the first thing i noticed was that it was very silky going on
it was really intense for me
i think this just ok.
i liked that it made my skin feel softer
have so thing to look forward to
but it's just alright.
this is just not a good product
my skin was doing so so great
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
definitely didn't feel as greasy this time around
really wish i liked this more
a lot of people have mentioned the smell being off
i'd have to agree- has a weird
i always feel the need to wash my h
i really wanted to like this product
i really loved the spf 15 which i had no problems with
it took a lot of product to get enough to cover my skin
the smell makes me want to look for a different product after i'm done with this one
i feel like it absorbs too quickly for my combo skin
it has such a weird smell also
thought it would be great to try this
i do appreciate how light it feels
the thing that bugs me about this is that i loved the consistency
i feel so let down after she praised the products so much
i really wanted to love this moisturizer
the product itself would have worked perfectly if not for the smell
but it caused me to really break out.
this might be good for someone with really oily skin
i am now terrified of putting any oils on my face even though oil therapy is supposed to work wonders for our skin
i really like the texture of this
i really wanted to love this product
for me it was just ok
my face continues to feel tight
it makes my face feel smooth but that's about it.
definitely a night time only moisturizer for me.
the packaging is really cute
figured it was this that was giving me these zits all over my face:
my bottle didn't have very good packaging
i think this product got a lot of buzz after nikkietutorials recommended it
i wanted to love this product so much because of all the great reviews i've read
i found that it made my skin feel even oiler
it absorbed really well
i hate when companies ruin a good product by trying to make it smell nice
it does not do anything else visibly beneficial to my skin
loved how it felt on my skin
i got this thinking i could 'boost' my oil
i really wanted to love this because i like the line
the nature republic's oil did a great job in all areas
this one is okay
i really wanted to like this cleanser.
wasn't expecting my skin to feel so stripped
i really love this line so was excited to try the face wash formula
i loved the smell of this product so much.
really does nothing for really dry skin
seemed to make my cheeks feel really tight
'm going to try a different product for a while
definitely does not absorb into your skin well
towards the end of the bottle i felt like it wasn't really moisturizing my face like it once did
and the scent really got to me after a while.
it left my skin feeling very nice
although it has a nice smell it really didn't do much for my dry skin
i really loved it to begin with.
every time i put it on it makes my skin itch like crazy
i love the eye cream but this just wasn't for me.
it is an okay product.
i didn't find it great on dry skin -- i needed to use a fair bit of product
i liked this moisturizer a lot
i don't really mind that sort of dewy look
really wanted to like it
maybe it will be nice in the summer?
the way it made my face feel
it’s probably a good cream to wear at night time
i found that my skin is really plump
i wanted something refreshing
it had a weird feel to it
i just feel like my skin is not clean after i use it
one pump is enough for your whole face.
works great in the morning or on days when i do not wear makeup
the smell i thought i would feel the same way about the cleansing foam
this stuff smells oh so good
feels so nice on the skin
i don't feel like it does a good job washing off make-up
not sure it really rejuvenates.
so the product seems to go pretty quickly
the only thing i appreciated was the consistency of the foam
i will say my skin felt pretty good after each use
good for morning face wash when your face is actually pretty clean
but this leaves me feeling so so about it.
i found myself having to use a lot to feel like i was getting anywhere
t was really really dry
it's hard for me to love
so this does make my skin feel nice
there are many other face oils out there that work just as well without the horrible smell
i didn't feel like it absorbed that well
it gets the job done
i really wanted to love this
i wanted to like this product
i think i need to look into some other options since my skin has yellow undertones anyway the orange is really not flattering
this has done nothing for my under eyes.
i really love shiseido products
especially not around my eye area
loved it so why change it when it was working for me?
it seems too light in texture for me
i really wanted this product to work
if you wanted it just for night it's very nice
not sure my eyes need as much moisturizer as this provides
i wanted this product to work.
"glow" can mean a lot of things, people!
unfortunately i did not think it was as good as the daily glow pads
would be nice to know what to expect.
this stuff is out of control
so now my face is really red
i just needed to know what was in this awful smelling stuff
it scared the heck out of me!
too bad because it could be nice.
this product was not as good as i thought it would be
first, it smells pretty terrible actually.
loved how my skin looked otherwise
i also don't think it improved my skin or gave me any type of energy
i like the way it feels on my skin
i really wanted to love this
initially everything would look great
this seems to make me really oily
this one is alright
i wanted to make sure it was the primer
i do know that i loved the way it felt on my skin
it felt so smooth.
although it does feel great as a primer on your skin
i really wanted to love this primer
it made me break out terribly
i so wanted to love this primer
sounded like all the right stuff
i don't really notice any big difference in my pores
makes anything you put over it look nicer
i really like this cream.
i like the way my skin feels after
i love what this product has done for my skin
its not very bad
i think the whole promotion was a bit exaggerating
i so wanted to love this!
have really liked most of it
i guess i'm keeping it
this one really puts me off
which would be weird
really disliked this product.
i really wanted to love it
it definitely broke me out
not a very good one
it did make my face feel smooth in the morning
that i was just having a bad skin day
sadly this product ended up really upsetting my skin
i felt like my skin couldn't breathe
it was not a good choice
it really ruined the experience of even putting it on my face
for me, there was nothing to love about this oil.
my skin would be alright in the morning
i like the way it smells
love the smell of this stuff!
really regret buying it
i really wanted to like this product.
that smell will really get to you
i really wanted this to work
it was so awful that i had to scrub
it is definitely not a relaxing experience.
i don't see or feel a difference
all i got from it was a lot of bumps
definitely a pass for me.
i guess if you dont mind the shiny look its good.
that's what we called it, "that fish stuff"!
i definitely don't like it as much
it made my face so greasy that my friend asked me why i was sweating so much
this was just an ok moisturizer for me.
not good for people of color.
the product is just ok.
it makes my face look 'white'
i mean, really white!
it really hasn't worked for me
had heard good things about their products
i did really like using it on my neck though.
i know everyone's skin is different
i don't feel this way.
i really wanted to like this moisturizer
it feels good going on.
it made my skin feel so dewey
i really wanted to love this
feel how it works on you
this caused me to break out in places on my face that are normally pretty clear
i would have loved to keep using this miracle serum except it then started to make me break out pretty bad
it does feel good on my skin though
it may work well but it's not good for my skin.
really wanted to like this product as it makes my skin feel really soft
basically as soon as i apply the product my skin feels quite soft
i really wanted to like this as i enjoy lancome's skin care
it is winter here
it definitely wasn't hot
imagine trying to travel with it
this moisturizes as well as anything else out there
i don't feel it really helped moisturize my skin all that well
honestly it is a very small amount for what it is
i really wanted to like this
really disliked this product.
then i started to feel a tingle
it felt like i just couldn't get it off my skin
i did notice that it left an extremely weird feeling on my face
it was very weird and i hated it.
my skin felt a little tight afterwards
the first time i used it my skin felt so nice
i really didn't feel the effects of this one
my skin looked okay
i feel like that it enhances the experience of using one
it felt nice when it dried
it is a fairly nice mask ,but not for the money.
i really didnt see a difference in my skin
plus you have to use a lot it seemed like
it did give my skin a bit of firm feeling though!
've never felt the need to use these type of products
it's definitely over-hyped.
though i feel like the product is over-hyped.
not the kind that gives me a headache thankfully
it does feel good on my skin
bottom line, this stuff smells awful.
it just really is an awful smelling product
the smell is so so terrible i wanted to rip my face off it smelled all day
i just feel like this moisturizer is very mediocre
i wanted so badly to love it
i just couldn't take how greasy my skin felt
felt nice on my skin
i think if you live in a humid climate it would be quite nice
the spread of the product is not very good at all
i am 48 yrs old with a very good skin / no fillers
how the products feel
i really like the smell of this product
i wanted to love this cleanser so much.
the most frustrating thing about this "cleanser" was that it did not make my face feel clean
both time i felt like my face wasn't clean enough
really wanted to like this.
i gave it 2 really honest to goodness
this just didnt work for me
the product is okay
the only thing i like about it is the texture
i used it in the morning because it is really gentle
i really liked the smell
you need to use a lot of product to get a good result
you can feel the difference in your skin right after
who cares how it smells
the smell was nice too.
to me this feels like you pay 3/4 for the name
i need a good seven or eight to feel like i get my whole face covered
if you can get past the smell this product is only alright
i really do like the texture
who actually liked the scent of it
the scent really gives me a headache
i am into all natural products because they have just been working great on my skin
it did make my skin feel smooth
i really wanted it to work
i will say that it makes my skin feel tight
my skin does not feel different whatsoever.
though i really liked how my skin looked in the morning
it feels good on my face
i actually said, "whoa, what is that??"
the scent of this is so strong it was making me gag
because it is so awful
especially if you maybe went out the night befote
returned it as i really need something soothing
feels nice going on
the cooling feeling felt really great on my eyes
it seemed to work for me.
i wanted to like this product
that's pretty much it
i really thought i could benefit from this
maybe she was smart and didn't try very hard.
well, that's how i feel about this product.
because that's all it's good for
thought i'd give this a try as well
does feel refreshing though.
also, this stuff will burn your eyes badly!
i assumed it would be really good
this product made me break out so bad
definitely never had an acne problem.
i like the feel of it!
i really don't like this product
as i like how it makes my skin feel
like how it feels on my h
i really wanted to stick it out
i think it did cause me to breakout quite a bit which never really happens to me
everyone is different so this is just my experience
i always look at the packaging
i heard about it a lot
this product really did nothing special to my skin
i felt like it left my skin looking
i really like this product
it broke me out horribly especially on my cheeks.
i really wanted to love this
my skin felt so great the next morning
not a good product for me
i do think it really varies
clearly it does good things for some people.
even out my skin tone like a good primer would do
i gave this product 3 stars because i did feel
definitely not a good value
i like the way this smells
at first i loved it because the texture so smooth
i love the way it makes my skin feel
it would drive me crazy
i didn't think it was very good.
i wanted to love it just because it does feel really nice on the skin plus it smells so nice too
i do not have very dry skin so it is a bit odd.
i feel like there's no difference in my skin
realized this isn't working for me
it was really this product
i really wanted to love this product.
i really doubt i will
i just hate everything about this moisturizer!!
that makes it smell just so bad
it really wasn't a good feeling for me
this was really a let down
i figured i would give this serum a try given the good reviews
i actually feel like my fine lines got more pronounced-are you kidding me
i really hope that by the end of my new jar i could really see some results
i stuck with this product for a while thinking it might do some good
i really wanted to love this
not really in the "lifting" field as it claims to do
just ok makes skin feel clean does not help acne
my skin definitely felt clean after
i wanted to try something different since my face has been clear lately
it is just ok.
doesn't work very well
my face felt terrible afterwards
the product stang very badly
i really do like how clean this makes my skin feel
i think because it doubles as a mask
i hate it when manufacturers take a good thing
it is just bad.
don't really work on me
this did soak in pretty good
still had a bit of an oily feel definitely would only use before bed
i really really tried hard to love this product.
i really wanted to like this.
this product turn bad on me
this product really helps when i am having a breakout
it actually works really well on my body.
they looked disgusting as i was doing it
it definitely made me feel nauseated every time i wore it
this was really bad
and i have a very good skin care routine.
until now i'm searching for a really good retinol cream that's effective since i'm on my 30's
it always makes me feel like i have to rinse my face afterwards
it definitely did not work out very well
i really wanted to like this
which i feel like defeats the purpose of it
too much fragrance for me to feel clean afterwards
it works alright, better than my wipes.
i think it is okay
not a good reason for me to order.
it's a really awful feeling
want to make sure everything is clean
i definitely needed to rub the bad numerous times to get my eye makeup off
i really like caudalie products
this one is nothing really special
i will say it feels very nice on the face
gets off most of the stuff
it did do a really good job removing my concealer except for how much product i had to use
i gave the product three stars because it actually works really nice as a toner
i found a way to make it work
that wouldn't stop me from purchasing if i really loved the product
this is an okay product.
it definitely leaves some eye makeup behind
it irritated my skin really bad
still feel an overwhelming need to wash my face.
when i used this product in the store it felt like it really cleansed my face
it does a fairly good job taking off the makeup.
as someone who loves makeup
i really wanted to love this item for a long time now
not nice enough for the price
it gets the job done
naturally i used her stuff as well
this stuff made me break out all over
this product did make my skin feel smooth
i've always hear great things about clinique products
thinking my skin was chaging now that i was in my 30's
i feel like it does not absorb well
this stuff made me breakout like crazy
which is a lot for me
would be good for someone who needs intense hydration
makes my skin feel
i'd say if you have extremely dry skin to buy something else
i hear the gel is great
i don't really think there is anything special about this
i got it because i thought it was a good value
i love how this cream makes my under eyes look when i put it on
but, it makes me break out.
i switched over to this eye cream because it had a lot of great reviews
i feel that it is dying and makes me look tired.
i really really love shiseido products
did not leave my eye area feeling smooth
the only positive thing i can mention about this item is it seems to get absorbed really quickly
i don't think its fair of me to really rate this product
i don't really like this eye cream
this one absorbs pretty well
my skin was in pretty good condition with pimple here
back to where i said i was getting pimples here
i really want to return the items
i really disliked it.
also think it was definitely breaking me out.
really wanted to love it
does feel nice on the skin
the milky formula is very nice however this left me really greasy all day
i loved the idea of what this product was going to do for my skin
it honestly just left me feeling very oily
i guess the good thing about it is the product itself lasts a long time
i really wanted to like this
i just don't feel it does anyrhing for my skin
maybe it helps some people
really turned me off of this product
i feel like i need to go wash it off.
it smells like something my mother would wear.
it never felt thick enough.
this product felt greasy to me
it did make my skin feel softer
made my skin really duey
what really got me was that 20 minutes after i put it on it was still greasy
it did feel very nice
the scent is also one that felt too old for me to wear
that would really help my skin from the problems this moisturizer says it will fix
my skin isn't really rough because i clean my face with my clairisonic
my skin started getting really red
really wanted to love this.
i felt like this particular moisturizer from this br
while it is light weight it has a not-so-great smell to it
that's the last feeling that i want after watching my face
so this really stings… it's tough to h
hopefully we'll bc it really hurts
it left a weird residue i felt never properly absorbed into my skin
it sure do itch
no, it really is that bad.
these worked pretty well at first
it's never a good sign when my skin gets all tight like this
i guess that says a lot about this product already
i am definitely returning this
i liked this cleanser in that it did a really good job of getting all my makeup off
the product right out of the jar feels like it has very
this felt all right
see how that works for me
the main ingredients are actually pretty bad for your skin
i so badly wanted to love this cleanser as it seems to be a hero cleanser for many
i feel a bit stupid that in crazy impulse moment i dropped the money for this
i don't feel like this cleaned my skin at all.
i just don't feel as good about it
although this is a good cleanser it is not for everyone
did not feel clean at all.
i know my skin well
i wonder if some who feel too dried out overapplied
and secondly, the smell is horrible!
that's how horrible i think this product is
that is what this product smells like.
nice for when you want to feel a bit pampered though
it doesn't really help my skin to improve
i really wanted to love this
i've heard so many good things about this cleanser
anyways it feels very greasy when you put it on
it's definitely not a good evening cleanser
the condition of my skin started going bad
i found it quite off-putting
i really didn't see or feel much of a difference in my skin
not tight in a good way either
i guess it was just damaging my skin
not a good look in the meantime especially under makeup
i really wanted to love this
i feel great knowing my undereyes are protected from the sun
the only thing good about this is the spf.
my eyes feel like a desert when i wear just this.
it definitely hasn't helped with dark circles
i liked how bright it made my eyes look after i applied it
that is the only thing that i liked about it
i do really like that it contains spf 37.
it has a very different scent from most lancome products that i never liked
just to let everybody know
this stuff was just okay.
my skin is very good to me with pimples
i try a lot of skin care products
my skin was doing really well until i gave this a whirl for my hyperpigmentation
i kind of feel like i got duped
when this product came out i was very excited to try it because i read such great reviews online here that people noticed a difference within at least 2 weeks of usage
*sigh* i really wish this product could have done better as a whole
i really loved this as a moisturizer in general
now feels like it is burning
looks like this isn't the right product for me.
i really wanted to like this product
i think their products are really good quality
what it does is make a really good base for your make-up
unfortunately, my love stopped there!
i would feel my face
it has done absolutely nothing to lighten my dark spots or improve my skin tone
almost made my skin feel burny
it i thought it had a really nice scent
i really don't like the way this product smells
found it really helps a lot
i'd heard good things about murad
it better work really
really well for me to order it again
my combination skin obviously felt too greasy
thought it would be great with my hormones going kooky
i really do like it
i really wanted this product to work.
this might be great for adding a bit of help without overdoing it
my skin feels the same
putting this on was just really 'meh
it felt nice going on
my skin does feel nice after
i reallz wanted to love coz i heard a lot of good things about it
i feel like this is only in the line up because it's known to be a good seller
while you get a lot of product
while i wont say it leaves my skin feeling super hydrated it definitely helps put some moisture back in
it does make a difference in how my skin feels.
that being said, this mask is pretty ok.
i did not see or feel any difference especially in regards to hydration
the most terrible thing is this makes me can't open my eyes
i feel like a good moisturizer does a better job than this mask
for me it felt just like other reviewers have said
t seems like this mask would be a good fit for me
it was definitely soothing while it was on my skin
i don't think the cucumber gel is really anything special
i don't think this has improved my skin at all.
but i feel that it works well otherwise.
this didn't really do anything for me as far as making my dry skin feel more moisturized
it didn't take off my makeup very well
left it feeling really rough
i think it is just okay.
i gave it 3 stars because it is a good product just not the right one for me
maybe it would be interesting on pancakes
i really wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to love this after all the great reviews
it really had no effect on my skin
it just made my skin
i always feel like people are dramatic
it definitely made my skin feel softer without being too greasy
i really did like it
it sounds like it works for a lot of other people
i really like this and use it on my face only.
go for it you will probably really like it
i think this product is really effective for some
it's worked well for me
some other really good ingredients
is that i really do enjoy the consistency
i kind of like the weird smell
i really wanted to like this.
i wanted it so badly to work because of the good reviews
i kept using it because i really wanted it to work since i paid so much for it
you definitely don't need to spend 80$ on this
it just felt like...well...water?
i'll definitely continue to use the cream
it really did nothing on my face
this definitely did not provide any moisturization for me
especially because there are some amazing br
really pressured me to try it
i really wanted to love this
i should have stuck with my instincts that this was not maybe the best "moisturizer" for me when the rep said they suggest not just 1 serum before application
i do not see how it can be so "gentle" when the exfoliations beads in it are quite hard
i do not feel using this everyday is good for my skin
good product but couldnt get past the smell.
i am sure that this product is really good for the skin
i wanted to like this face wash
really wanted to like this cleanser since i lob the ibuki line
not in the good way
no way something good for your face would smell like that
i really wanted to love this moisturizer.
this stuff is too oilly for me
especially having had good experience with the shiseido line in the past
i really did want to love this product
i am really glad i got a sample size before i decided to buy it to see how it was
but lets get real.
i really wanted to live this cream.
it's really that bad
to the point it makes me feel a bit dizzy
i feel it is not wise to use this during the day when you are going to be worried about an oily face
i really enjoy it.
no but it does feel super nice on the skin.
it makes me wonder
it's a shame because we all want nice stuff
it's all nice stuff and would i buy it again???
i really wish this cream would've worked it for me
i feel like i've wasted my points.
i really wanted to love this product
be careful as i got pretty bad reaction from this product
it actually made my fine wrinkles look very obvious
i just don't see that it truly helps with diminishing fine lines
thought what the heck
i think for some skin types this would be great
this has definitely been a waste of money
they've always bothered me
maybe my skin is just too sensitive for stuff like this
i really wanted to like this moisturizer.
i heard great things about this br
i feel like it wears away fast tho
it almost feels like i just used a really thick primer
i told myself if drug store was so great
but thats where the positives end.
not in the good way
i guess that's how you achieve a glowy face?
they seem to work with well together
i really wanted to love this cleanser
it is a really cool concept
which is i felt like i still had stuff on my skin afterwards
just some sort of film that wasn't really going away
all my other products felt like they weren't really absorbing
just not right for my combination skin type
still feel my face getting stretch
for $28, i really don't like the scent.
i really wanted to love this.
i really wanted to love it
i am sure it is probably great for some people
how little you need to wash your whole face
it works just alright for removing light makeup
how it made my skin feel at first
it was not as good as the cleanser lotion i always use
i like the idea of this stuff
but it smells so incredibly bad!
as soon as i applied it to my skin i felt a burning feel
really wanted to like this one because price-wise it was great for my wallet
also because it smells so good
it really wasn't for me
maybe i got a bad bottle
really wanted to like this because i've heard such great things about the br
because my skin felt like it had a "film" on it
this seriously gets just about everything off.
it does a pretty good job of removing face makeup
return this mask 3 time because i really wanted it to work
the beauty oil is really a better investment
i'll start by saying this mask feels great on the skin
i could not find a position comfortable enough while trying to keep my face off of all of my pillows
while i like it
i just feel like it does nothing
it's definitely a dry-girls best friend though.
i think there are way better sleeping facials that you can find at sephora
i guess it worked
i don't feel a difference though.
this makes my skin feel amazing on the cheek
i guess it was wayyy too much moisture for my nose?
i guess i already have a pretty good regimen
they are pretty dark
i would have liked to see any improvement
definitely a no for me.
i think this cream was too rich for me.
am always trying different br
my dark circles have always been pretty pronounced
very few products really "do" it for me
i really like the consistency of this cream
how smooth it feels when you apply it
i am just not a fan of anything that sparkles on my face
that's not really the most ideal way to mask dark circles
this product definitely wasn't for me.
i felt this did exactly the same thing with a thicker consistency
don't really see a difference in my dark circles
here are my takes so far:
i really liked the brightening effect it had under my eyes
however, it looked horrible under my makeup.
i noticed this product helps blur my complexion which is great i don't have to use a primer now
'm careful how i use it
the guy at sephora said it was part gel part cream
i think it it too gel-like for me
this was okay, i guess.
the feel was nice
it is a good moisturizer, but that's about it.
i never really saw the perks to using the product
have always looked young
this thing is meant to help fine lines
didn't leave me with a weird residue in the morning which was great
so this product was just okay for me
out to me as anything special
thinks it smells like cintronella
many really like it, so maybe just my skin.
i really hated this.
another cream has done this to me as well.
did not like the feel of the cream on my skin
definitely wouldn't buy this
i really do like this product
maybe it'll keep me looking 20 in 20 years haha
especially with summer coming
it still gives me breakout
lastly, it felt heavy and made me feel greasy.
although you do get a lot of product
at 36 i have suddenly developed some weird skin issues
i really wanted to love this
i give it 3 stars because it feels very nice on my skin
it felt good while applying
it is quite hard to do so
doesn't do anything dramatically exciting for me to go to this mask all the time
i give it 2 stars because my face did feel very smooth afterwards
it was really just fun to peel
it did clear my skin a bit
while it made my skin feel nice they texture
it takes me a very big effort to wash off the residue
what it did do was just make my face feel very tight
overall not bad since it does feel very refreshing
probably won't repurchase since i don't feel like it works super well on my skin
it is so hard to wash off
it just wasn't a good experience first time
it is certainly fun to use
i really wanted this to work
obviously it seems to work for some people's skin--just not mine
i don't have acne really
my skin did feel very smooth when i took the mask off
i could feel the dirt
this product seriously breaks me out
don't feel as though it really pulls anything out
have been trying everything
i actually really like how this mask makes my face feel
it came off pretty easily
i'll admit it feels good
this mask was ok for me
i feel like this product could be good for all-over oily skin
as i've heard good things about this br
finish the bottle it didn't do much gave a nice clean
good for those who just want to wash there face
felt it wasn't strong enough
my face didn't always feel so clean after use
i feel that my face is definitely more oily after using this product
was really excited to try something for oily skin
not so good at night
it can create some weird film in my eyes
have heard good things about two of the other fab cleansers
it looks really pretty
it made my skin feel really clean when i used it at night
i wanted to like this because it seemed like it would be great for my skin when it gets really oily in the summer
see if it works for her skin
over time this went down tremendously
probably not the best sleeping mask out there.
i don't feel the brightening part of it at all
i wanted to like this so much because it sounded just like what i needed in a sleeping mask
broke me out with a whole new kind of acne.
i really don't see any difference between this pads
don't really see much difference
it makes my eyes look tired
here is what i see:1
a lot of people were raving about it.
with all the great ingredients in this product i did think it would work
it definitely feels nice going on
want to really start trying to prevent wrinkles
it really does nothing to your undereye area.
i feel like anything i put around my eyes should not make them sting
i really wanted this to work for me
i really wanted a product for my dark circles.
for some reason i was thinking it was a different br
i love this whole line
with the price of this stuff
the smell made me chock a very strong chemical smell that still smelled on my face needless to say its going back
i really like the product
if i use really harsh products
did it make my skin feel softer, sure.
definitely did not feel or see the effect of the promised 'deep hydration
really liked the product for my very dry skin
after trying a sample i can see how this product might benefit people with really dry skin
nothing really irritates it
doesn't really hydrate very much.
my skin was in good condition cause i really taking care of my skin
i feel it's really worth it cause i can see the improvements everyday
so my point is everyone is different
obviously different skin type as well
when i applied it for the first time it was really hard to work into the skin
i really wanted to love this.
i really wanted to love this product
it has a very watery consistency which i personally don't like
feels good in the skin too
it goes moisturize really well if you use it day
to me, this product was okay.
i don't feel like it does anything beneficial
it was so weird no matter how much i rubbed it wouldn't run in
it made my face feel (and look) greasy.
this does feel light
it also had a very bad smell.
i wanted to like it because it feels good on the skin
it was still just good on top of my skin
i really wanted to like this mask.
i don't really get a lot of results from this.
and honestly, it doesn't look pretty haha.
using it on my hands is nice though.
etc because i enjoy the feel they usually leave on my skin
you feel extremely aware that you have product on your face
honestly it felt so awful
it actually broke me out like crazy
the winter really brought it out
i just hear everybody going on about these products
i really liked the smell
it just wasn't a good experience
i really wanted to love this
i am not sure how i feel about this cream.
i quite like using it on the face makeup cause my skin feels smooth
i feel like i have to push it on my face.
this is so weird to me
let me start off by telling everyone how much i love caudalie products
just not good at all...
this just swiches things around your face
the only good thing about it
for me so this is just glorified water
i do like the way my skin feels after using
i honestly think its just high end baby oil.
really help remove my eye make up easier
caused me to break out pretty badly
stings my eyes really badly
it gets the job done
it feels really gross when putting it on your face because it doesn't feel like a normal oil it feels weird
did not feel it cleaned my face completely so never truly felt that just washed feeling
would i recommend this product to try definitely
i'll stick with it as a cleanser to remove my face makeup because it really is a great product
my longwear foundation before going in with a cleanser so when i was recommended this i was pretty excited to hear that it should do both jobs
this stuff makes me break out so bad
ugh this stuff is awful stay away.
i really do love nars
this product has done nothing for me
doesn't really help & really small amount.
it doesnt quite do what it says when it comes to filling lines
it was an okay product to me.
i don't really suffer from any fine lines or wrinkles as i am still very young
thought this would be the perfect product for use just under my eyes however it did absolutely nothing
i really wanted to like this product after hearing a popular makeup artist rave about it
seriously nars that's all you can fit in the tube?
this primer is definitely not for you
an associate thought it was a good idea to recommend this product even though i am clearly oily
i am normally a big fan of lancome
almost to the point that i felt that it was difficult for my foundation to stay put if that makes any sense
i really wanted to love this product
i don't feel my make up sets properly with this product
it is most definitely not!!!
my face felt like an oil slick both days that i tried it
having a hard time finding good wedding makeup for my stupid skin
i really wanted to fall in love with this because after reading the description this seemed like a possible holy grail product for my skin type
love that product so
i wanted something that would kind of be a fast
if you're just looking a moisturizer is good
this would probably be great for you
i felt like it was not that easy to spread around the face
i actually enjoyed it
would probably be great for a teenager or a 20 something
this moisturizer was way too light to do any great service to my skin
this didn't smell very nice at all
i don't feel like it did enough for my skin i kept having to reapply so my skin wouldn't feel tight
this one was really very light
this product i found to really be nothing special
the smell is just ok
the texture is just ok
i feel i can do better
feel this one makes claims
it is very pricey, but not necessarily good.
doesnt really do much besides make your skin soft afterwards
loved they way my skins feels
awesome product i am sure just not for sensitive skin
i so wanted this to work
my skin looks & feels the same.
the very nice sales gals in the store suggested this mask
feel after one use
i just don't quite see it
nothing major really happened
i wanted to love this moisturizer because it seemed to check every box
i wanted to love this so badly!!
it worked really well as an under eye moisturizer
i really wanted to like this product as i like their masks
however i had a really bad experience with this line
i really did want to love this
unfortunately it caused a pretty bad breakout on my skin
i dislike this moisturizer quite a bit
it gets the job done
thought this would be a great addition to the peel process
it has done nothing for me
this stuff actually does a decent job of correcting my dark circles
that means my makeup goes with me
the person that said not to take this stuff on an airplane is totally right because i can only imagine this stuff would make with a change in altitude
this stuff does work
it is so hard to even it out on your eyes
honestly just purchase a good under eye cream
basically what this is
sounded like a good idea
it also didn't play nice with my makeup.
she applied what seemed to be a lot of product.
really like how it brightens my eyes
i feel like you need to use a lot for it to work
obviously there's not a whole lot in the
i got this thinking it would help my sleepy eyes
it feels great going on, but that's about it.
i wanted to love this stuff
the idea is cool, execution is a miss
i really wanted to like this product
that i think they look black
it felt nice on my skin though
it feels very nice going on.
wanted to love this so badly
it sounded so great with all of its claims.
i don't feel like there really is any kind of eye cream in here to help over time
the cool metal felt really good
the mask started getting a really weird texture
i wouldn't know because of how long the great face feeling lasted
i wanted to love this product as i like the algenist line
i think this product is okay.
i take really good care of my skin already
i really hate the smell of this gel.
i know this sounds really strange
i couldn't really tell that this did anything positive for my skin--although i'm hoping that in the winter when i have dry skin problems on my cheeks that using this under a moisturizer will make a difference
that's sad to me because it improved my complexion
i would have given it 1-star except i really like the packaging
not really a huge fan of this face cleanser.
definately did not give me that clean feeling
really does make your skin feel smooth
the gel says nowhere what it definitely is for
how it feels on
was so so so good
not in a good way
i wanted to like this product
it feels really good the cool gel in your face the first minute
i definitely have a bad reaction just after using this mask
this product was not good for my skin
you want to feel results on your face or see results on your skin
i like to see something or feel something after using it 3 times
while it was on started to feel itching
thought this would be amazing
i really hope these go away.
because that's how long it took for me to start seeing peeling
takes quite a while to get all of the product off
it felt really nice
i wanted to love this stuff!
hates returning things because of the inconvenience
it smells kind of pretty
i wanted to like this so bad.
i feel like this could be somebody's holy grail product
this made me break out bad
i honestly felt like i was not getting a deep clean
it broke me out, i guess i am sensitive.
it also did help brighten my skin a bit
i just love that it feels so light on my skin
looks like im not wearing any foundation
maybe sales aren't good
i really tried because i wanted the spf n all the good benefits
i really enjoyed this product for like a week
the first thing is i really don't like its smell
i just even had to get some perfume on my face to feel comfortable to sit next to other people
another thing is that i don't feel the directed usage
i wanted to love this foundation
i still want to see a difference when i put foundation-ish thing on my face
it was hard to work
it seemed to be a bit greasy feeling.
obviously the name says it all
this is just my opinion :)
other than that i wasn't a good fit for me
my skin is pretty good with nothing really to cover up
it is sheer which i am ok with however i found it very greasy
it's definitely nice to toss on when i'm just running err
i feel like it looks like a powder
this is just not fit me
using this made me break out horribly
it is as bad as everyone says it is.
this really is as bad as everyone says it is.
this product not only smelled awful
now my face is very red everywhere i put it
my face is always very puffy
this moisturizer feels good initially
wonder if it really moisturizes at all.
liked it in every other respect except the itching part
liked the feel of this oil as i put it on my face
i really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this cream
other then that cream texture is nice
does not really improve the appearance of my eye area
i really wanted to love this line
it actually made me feel like the whole area was sticky
really enjoyed using it as a night eye cream
it made my skin really patchy
maybe i just got a bad batch of this cream
i've noticed it makes my eyes just burn so bad
let it sit for a good 20-30 mins while i do my hair
'm gonna live with it
i am sad to see this happen because it has a nice scent
i want something super rich under there so my undereyes feel nice
i work hard for my money.
i really had high hopes
know what to do to make them work best
i am truly glad that i have not purchased the whole package
really did nothing for my blackheads.
i think it could've been because of the size of my nose
is hard to get off
the formula was actually good.
i didn't really see that great of a difference in my skin
instantly realized it was awful
my face was really red
i know some people love it
i know that sounds strange
i've read some reviews that said it smelt terrible however i really love it
i would definitely recommend it for everyone!
uncomfortable for a whole day
the smell actually gave me a headache
it really irritated it
while it's not horrible it's also not very great
i also don't like the way it makes my skin feel
it honestly makes my stomach hurt
i can literally feel the mask working
it's a nice mask, but i like supermud way more.
when i use it i do feel fresh
initially it felt really warm on my face
i really wanted to love this because i really love the idea of something to use at the end of the week to help detox/cleanse my skin
sadly this made my skin feel like it was burning for the first 2 minutes
not to mention it has a weird smell to it as well
the only reason i gave it two stars is because it smells nice
i am pretty familiar with masks/how my skin reacts to them
it's definitely just suited for evening
it just feels cool
i only kept it because it's kinda nice at night with the refreshing scent
i heard a lot of great things about this product
so many people told me to try it
maybe that why it felt uncomfortable as it dried under my eyes
i don't feel as though it really made a difference
it rubs off really easily as well
i do find it really refreshing
i really tried to like it
i guess that would be a plus if my under eyes looked different
which it definitely did
i really wanted this to work
i don't feel like i noticed a difference after using it for a while
that is exactly what it feels like on my eyes.
i think it does not sink into skill well
at this point i would feel bad returning it.
i really love almost everything i have tried in the ole line
i really don't like that feeling around my eyes
i could feel it all night
wanting it to work because i heard good things
i really like the smell of them
my fault i just brought it without really looking into it
going to bed it is important not to let it rub off
first, like other people, i hate the texture.
it goes away pretty fast
really wanted to like it
really wanting it to work
like how it makes my face feel/look
it was just like a good scrub.
i really wanted to love this product.
it is really really burns when it gets in your eyes
this isn't just about the foaminess obviously
i really wanted to like this cleanser.
i really don't see a difference in the texture of my skin
i really wanted this to work
i applied on my skin and feel great.
it definitely gives off old lady vibes.
while i must say that it feels really nice on the skin
smelled nice my skin reacted very badly to it
i liked the consistency of it
felt that it was too strong to have on my face
i especially liked the fact the it was for all skin types
i like how this feels!
it just feels really nice
my skin feels so good
i just know that stuff in pumps always has more left in it
i really wanted to like this
i mean... okay, it does feel nice going on.
feels nice going on but that's about it.
ok i know this sounds like a lot
still thinking about it.
trying to find an alternative that's just as good
face definitely feels nice after applying
one thing good about it is
i couldn't even get through the sample because it felt terrible on my skin
i liked what it was doing
got it as a perk.
it feels really thick on my face
people have told me that it takes off your makeup so easily
i like the way it makes my skin feel
it felt a bit heavy on my skin which wasn't a big deal since you do wash it off any ways
i tried it for my whole face
how light it feels on my skin
this product was not good for me
i think this actually breaks me out even though i always use a regular cleanser afterwards
not in a good way
got this as a 100 point perk not sure if the product is good
it does make your eyes sting very badly
it really stings my eyes every time i put it on
it hurts pretty bad
it does smell really nice
the smell is so strong it actually makes my eyes water
was tremendously surprised that this cream did not moisturize my skin enough
i really like this mask
i still smell it all over me
pros: i love the way this works on my skin.
it just seems like a really fast
not in a good way
the product works okay
save your money if you want something to really just wow you
i appreciate the idea behind it
it burned really badly
it's scary how badly it hurt
what i really disliked about it was the texture: after mixing with a bit of water as instructed
i really wish i steered clear of this product.
while it was fun to use once
the thought behind this product seems like a good idea
so no thank you
i wanted it to work on my fine lines.
while the consistency felt very nice on my face
i like the idea of this product
the concentrate does a good job
really liked the texture
i would prefer to spend money on a really good treatment or moisturizer over this product
while i think it smells
feels nice it caused acne in the areas that i applied it
i like the texture of ultimune a lot
last thing i need in my skin care.
i heard a lot of compliment of it.
i really wanted to make this work for me.
got two pretty good size samples
i really never ever break out
so far it's alright
obviously it works some people
this product is also not very good as a st
i felt better right away
guess it just helped keep my skin the way it was
i really really regretted buying it
was really nice but i don't think necessary.
like i said it was really nice
i really don't see where her hype is coming from
i definitely don't recommend it.
it just leaves stuff on my face
this product was okay.
i do feel it calms my skin a little
i feel a bit relief when i applied this on my face
this is why i felt my skin is a bit relief
i really wanted to love this product unfortunately i should have saved my money
i felt like this smelled awful .
it left my skin feeling really greasy after using it
i am giving it a 1 star because this product is not good for my skin at all
it didnt work for me
i feel like this cleanser doesn't really do much for me
overall i don't feel like it actually cleanses my skin
so the whole directions seemed interesting.
it feels nice and i like the feeling of the oil.
i did not feel very clean
it doesnt really take off all the makeup
i just dont feel that it removes all the make up
it is just okay
really hate the scent ..not pleasant at all.
i definitely felt like i had to go in
i think this one doesn't do a very good job
there is a bit of a weird smell
it leaves a film on my skin that feels strange.
however, i really dislike this product.
which i really liked
it's really hard to break down.
it has a very weird consistency
i so wanted to love this!
feel like i had something in them
the product was alright
made my eyes water like crazy
you really only need a very, very tiny amount.
the consistency of the product makes it hard to get out of the container
i gave this three stars still because i can see how this would be great for someone with very dry
making sure that i wasn't getting it in my eyes
i tried to love this but i just really don't.
i really wanted to love it, but i don't.
it has a funny plastic feel on my skin.
my skin does not really absorb this
i think it actually dries my skin out a bit
i really loved this product.
it was really good at removing my makeup
it can be quite terrifying because it's so hard to get out
i really liked this cleanser
also leaves a weird film behind, not a fan.
it does truly work miracles with getting make up
i just feel like the process is a bit involved
i love the way it makes my skin feel afterwards
hard pass for me!
i feel strongly that after using this you would still need a cleanser to really get everything off
i felt somewhere between "ooo this makes my skin feel smooth"
one thing i loved about it was is ability to melt my makeup away
i feel that it takes a lot of product to get my makeup off
my skin did really feel
i really needed to use a lot to cover my face
it was really hard to wash off
my skin didn't feel especially clean afterwards
i love how the product feels when you are putting it on your face
i loved how it got makeup off so effortlessly
i loved how it removed all of my makeup
any oil will do that obviously
am not really sure if i'd get this again because it doesn't make my under eyes feel different at all
my dark circles are still here
it doesn't help with fine lines either knowing that a good way to make them look better is hydration
i wanted it to be "the one" i've used the whole thing
don't feel like it has done anything for me
i like the consistency
it's very nice for what it is
i really thought it would do something considering it was expensive
what i got is bumps under my skin
the those bumps were really bad
after looking at all the great reviews i decided to try it
this stuff would honestly only work for people who have extremely dry
so not a good idea
i don't really like the smell
which is a big bummer for means pretty much a deal breaker
it felt nice putting on
i definitely prefer that over this
does not feel hydrating at all when i put it on at night
first of all i really dont like the smell
i feel that i am better review this one
got the sample size to try after hearing so many good things
i loved the feeling after applying it to my skin.
i really don't know how i feel about it.
i will finish the bottle since i really like estée lauder
was not getting good results from what i was using
made me break out horribly!
pretty sure that the cream made them worse
i am trying really hard to love this product.
it felt really refreshing
when i use it is very gentle that's why it doesn't really removed all the make up
it definitely was not
left me with that awful tight feeling
it does smell really nice
i don't have a good sense of smell
just doesn't make my skin feel really clean
i also felt that i was going through it quite quickly
i really wanted to love this cleanser because it takes makeup off well
it is hard for me to notice those things
i think it would be very nice
from what she said about the cream it sounded great
do feel like this helps "blur" some lines which is so awesome
the reviews were really good
really wanted to try it
got really excited as for the past 6-7 years its gotten really noticeable
is it really doing anything ?
nothing works for everyone.
i think it did an adequate job as a moisturizer in that my face didn't feel tight after applying it
i think that this product is ok
this product did make my skin feel smoother
once i got the big jar it is really not that great
i love the feel of the product on my my skin.
i've used up the whole thing
don't really see much difference on my skin
so this felt nice on my skin
there are many great moisturizer can do the same
i -think- it helped skin tone
the reason i gave this two stars is it has a really nice clean smell
i'd say that the packaging is fun
which is actually a good thing for me
so no thank you
so really i got no benefit from using this stuff.
nice to see it actually works for a lot of other women
i really wanted to like this product
it just didn't work for me the smell is really strong of perfume
i feel like it really does nothing at all
my skin looks awful right now
've given it a fair chance to impress me
i really wanted to like this product
i started to break out pretty bad
'm going to keep using it
this is a really weird product.
this one is really just bad
i've gotten it to a pretty amazing state with my current routine
just felt like another layer of product on my face
to use it because it makes me feel like i should be camping outdoors with bugs
i don't know what happened :/ it smells pretty nice
when applying it to my face it actually made my skin feel tighter
i really wish this was in a tube
doesn't smell very good either.
this definitely did not break me out
is not working for me
really really wanted to love this
really wanted it to do a better job of helping take my makeup off
bought this thinking it would really help clear my pores
i felt it got some of my makeup off
i really wanted to like this product because i could see proof of dirt being removed
it did remove quite a bit of the face makeup
so this product definitely gets rid of makeup effectively
not a good base for makeup in the morning.
because of the feeling that product was still on my face
take off make up really well
if i do it is the very odd small one
i always have really clear skin.
this mask does make my skin feel good
i really don't like the smell
i really wanted to love this product
that's what she said
i do feel a bit of a difference in my skin using this
the not so fortunate part is that it doesn't sink into my skin
it feels nice to put on your skin
there was a nice tingling feeling after applying it
then the clear film felt kinda greasy
it felt nice going on
it did smell good though
i am a side sleeper so that could be why this product hasn't worked for me
it made my face feel very greasy
sometimes i looked alright in the morning
im a big fan of fresh products so when i got a foil sample of this i was excited to try it
so i am not sure how i feel about it.
it does make skin feel better.
i feel like you have to use a lot of product to see any results
not really a winner in my book.
so this was definitely a heart break
i also had a really hard time sleeping with it on
it was very uncomfortable--i tried to sleep on my back so that i didn't get it all over my sheets
i really liked this product when i first started using it
i really wanted to love this product
'm sure this was the product breaking me out
it breaks down all the good ingredients so thats another issue
bought it, but the mask really is not for me.
it was definitely the mask
no its definitely this stuff
so that was another concern about using this product after i felt how greasy
i don't feel like i noticed a difference at all
two stars because i liked the tingly feeling when i put it on
as i feel products work best when used together
while i like the way it feels
i want to look good at my age
really really wanted this to work
just to see for myself
after going through a good bit of this produxt
i liked what it did for my skin
i really wanted this to work
it is very annoying i have to hit it get any product out
maybe my muscles are too strong
so that while you are wearing it
that's been a huge lot-- this one made me the most mad
i wanted to give it a good chance before writing it off
i really hate the packaging though
i really wanted to love this stuff because of the reviews
it feels really good when you have it on
i feel like maybe another product on their line would be more beneficial for me personally
i wanted so badly to love this product
also i didn't find that it foams up very well.
was really excited to try out this product as i needed something to clean my pores
which was a shame since i really wanted to love this product
that's just my input though
i really like it
the smell is the only good thing about this product
the cleanser is actually pretty good.
it also didn't really feel like it cleansed my face well
i wanted to love this cleanser so much
i wanted to love this so badly.
liked the idea that this is kind of a face
i also felt like my skin was still dirty after i used it
i really liked the product
you really only need 3-5 drops of this stuff.
to me, it really is not that pleasant.
not really something i want to smell all day.
i brace my self before i use it because it makes my face look amazing
it felt like there was a layer of oil that would just be there
your skin will definitely feel clean
it is probably good enough if you are young
my skin feels heavy the whole day.
loved how it made my skin feel.
so two stars bc it did make my face feel amazing for the first two nights i used
it makes me break out
i meant to pick up hope in a jar which i absolutely love
it seems like it should be a good product though
i really wanted to like this
the smell was really awful
so the relief feels nice.
it's pretty disappointing that this has given me no relief with that considering i'm only 22
'm still on the hunt for a nice eye cream
there really isn't anything special about
it definitely didn't brighten
...but i really like to use it on my lips.
it makes them feel really good
because my skin looked
i love the way my skin feels after using the whole tatcha regimen
i really like it
bummer, but luckily it was just a play sample
i really wanted to love this product.
especially something that's only $12
then i told myself maybe it wasn't the product it was stress or my diet
i did use my whole bottle up so that shows it is a good purchase
the shape of the bottle is not pretty in my opinion
i wish this would have worked for me because i love the whole line of products
creates build-up/ milia then try doing what i am doing now
which i definitely have
it is just ok.
i feel like it doesnt sink into my skin
i also feel like it broke me out
this oil is just okay.
i tried so hard to make this work for me
it always made me break out
would never say that this is a bad product--it absorbs into skin really well
this stuff stinks sooo bad.
my skin never seems to adapt to this
i really wanted this to work even with the high price tag
i didn't really see a huge difference in my skin
i really wanted this to work for my skin
the first thing i noticed is that it has a horrible alcohol scent to it
i might as well be rubbing water on my face for all the good it does
it's done basically nothing for my skin
i really wanted to like it
so that says a lot
wanted to like this product
it most definitely let me down
my pores look the same so at this point i am looking at it
i honestly tried to get into this with my heart
my skin would feel
i really really wanted to love it
at the time i was getting a lot of blemishes
i feel like there are better products out there
it definitely hasn't helped my acne
my skin never feels truly "clean" when i use it
i really wanted to love this bar soap
i do feel the price is fair
it felt really gentle
my skin feels nice afterward
i feel that it does clear my pores
i found the pekee to be just okay
love the brand, just not this product.
i really wanted to love it
i really like the concept of these bars.
it looks really pretty
you need to use a lot of it
when i started using it i felt that my skin dull
i really liked this.
i really hoped for a miracle product
i really wanted to like this.
this of course is just my experience.
i really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this product.
it smelled really good
really upset because my skin is pretty much ruined for this product
which is a shame because i really like the korres rose line
this was just ok.
it still felt like the product was on my face
made it feel tight
felt good using it
skin out instantly -- felt like it had soap in it anyway
i feel disgusting about it
it definitely does get my face clean
it made my face though feel nice after washing with it
because i tend to really like the other korres products
left a great feeling on my face like it wasn't stripping me of any moisture
i really wanted to like it
it feels so awful that i always have to use another face wash immediately afterwards
i loved it so much that i finished the whole tube
a big need for me
i really wanted to love this product.
when i applied it it felt kind of heavy
i just really have no positives for this.
i really like this product
the makeup assistant told me it would help keep me from looking tired
this is all looks
make up does not go on very well without another eye cream
amazingly it did wonders to my tired eyes.
my eye bags make sure to show it
i also feel that it adds some brightness
don't feel like this depuffs or does a good job of covering dark circles
i can say that the only thing i liked about it was the cool feeling of the applicator under the eye
no matter what kind i use always creases
it felt nice going on
not really noticing much hopefully will get something from spending 30$
she definitely convinced me that the little iron was the cutest thing in the world
it feels nice when you put it on
love benefit, but not this stuff!!
i think the finish has a lot to do with it
it would not matter how great this product worked
i feel like this product was s waste of money.
it makes me look like a ghost
this product certainly takes everything off.
but the problem is it takes everything off.
this product is alright.
i would rather my skin feel smooth
i really don't like the smell of it
left my skin feeling like there was a film on it
i am not a big clinique fan.
looks like it has a lot
now that is amazing stuff!
it was just ok
it does make my skin feel really nice
you run out of this stuff quick
because i was really hoping there was finally a good product for my age group
i really wanted this to work
loved the way it made my skin so smooth
it gets really annoying
it also has a weird sticky feeling which i did not like i used the product for 2 weeks to give it a good amount of time to actually work
bought this product thinking i would see a change in the way my skin looks because its quite tired
i really wanted this to be the thing that would complete my skin care regimen
then this product is pretty good
this was not good for me
i still love their other stuff
this one makes me feel like a genuine victim of advertising gimmicks
younger skin i did not feel or see at all
reading back on the description of this product i really don't underst
i do feel makes a nice primer
i don't feel like it's done anything for my skin
it's really quite heavy
i feel like i need a lot to cover my entire face
what i really disliked about this is that applying it made me pull on my skin to spread it around which is absolutely what i try to avoid
the only thing i liked about it was how it looked
i hated the whole thing :(
to give you an idea of how smoothing this is
just feels like you have powder on
this stuff made me break out so badly.
i feel like it pulls my skin a little when i apply it
i always feel the need to go in with a harsh scrub after just because i still feel it on top of my skin
the color of this product is pretty
made me feel like i was doing something luxurious for my skin
i am not seeing anything different
however it definitely brightens my face
it feels weird on your face
also really like the pumpkin one
i always use a clarisonic on my face
such a pretty mask but that's about it.
this mask is okay.
it's just so pretty
bought this just because it looked so pretty with the gold
i really looked forward to trying this mask.
loved the feeling of gold on my face
it doesn't feel tight or anything special afterwards
i do like a lot of his products
this mask looks pretty
was really hoping i would see great results
this mask seemed really cool
that might be fun
it didn’t make me breakout
here is where i tried to love it.
the fact that it is gold makes it fun to put on
pretty in the jar
this hasn't really done anything for my skin pimple-wise
i really wanted to like this.
your pores are always going to be the same size
not sure it really did a whole lot to my skin
skin didn't really look or feel any smoother
the worst part: i felt like i really had to scrub to get it off
i wanted to like this a lot.
it did leave my face feeling nice
make sure your skin is okay with this product
love the way it feels afterwards.
but it seems not work well for me.
am so mad/sad to report how bad the scent is
i wish this had a different smell to it.
everything a girl needs for summer just needs a different smell
this is my first item from this like abs i was so excited since everybody is raving about this
despite me liking the way it works
i really need something without perfume.
at first i really loved this cleanser
i felt like it was working
the thing i love most about this is the smell.
i like that this one actually feels like a face wash
you definitely need to use a good moisturizer after using this product
i really wanted to love this product.
after a little over a week i start to notice my skin felt really different
my skin is really stubborn so to find one that really worked was wonderful
it worked really well
i honestly love the clean feeling i get from this
i like the way my face feels after using this product
no matter how hard i close my mouth
it foams up really well.
i heard a lot of other people feeling this way too
obviously i am going for the complete opposite
i feel the tingling feeling everyone is talking about
it feels great when you apply
i think i will stick to drugstore products on some of my beauty products because they have always worked for me
this product is okay i suppose
it really stings when under the eye
very drying which is the opposite of what you want
figured why not try?it is great for puffiness
i definitely have not noticed a difference in my dark circles
really wanted to like this
i love the other stuff
i really wanted this to work because i have horrible dark circles
feels nice going on very cooling
it really irritated my eyes
i know a lot of people see great results from this eye cream
the circles are definitely not as dark
i loved the way it made my skin look smooth
wanted to love this product
trust me i tired super hard to try to form some type of foaming action
it never really got foamy for me.
i did really like this product
it smells horrible and did nothing for my face.
i really wanted to love this
the same thing happened to my skin
otherwise i think it does a pretty good job in washing make-up off
this stuff leaves my skin feeling rough
one pump is all you really need
i found it very so so
it does not foam up very well
i liked the way it felt going on
i liked the feel of this cleanser
i did love the way the product felt on my skin just not sure what happened
i suggest you try it for yourself as everyone is different
really don't have anything great to say about it
i feel like this cleanser made me break out more
i wanted this to work for me
it lathers up really well
the first two nights i used it i really liked it
a few people definitely are
i know for me it is.
it did leave my skin feeing really nice.
i really wanted to love this product.
which never really happens to me
makes your face feel tight i won't be getting it again
it just made me skin feel tight
i felt like it wasn't really cleaning my face :(
i also don't think it does a good job of cleaning the skin
this product seems to be pretty hit or miss
it felt like i had a lot of oil sitting on my face
i really wanted to love this!!!
need to be really careful with what i use
hate the smell and very chemical feel.
i really like this product
my skin would be really itchy
'm not sure what it was that broke us out
want to tone it asap so my skin would feel better
it was alright i guess
i didnt feel like it really cleaned my skin all that well
bought this eye cream because i'd heard good things about it
it feels good going on.
i really did want to love this eye cream.
ncredibly horrible i thought it had gone bad
i didn't feel like this product brightened my under eye circles
made me break out like a lot
it left my skin feeling nice
this really turned me off.
be prepared it does not smell nice
yes it did make my skin feel softer
i think i'm in the minority here.
the product is not bad but not that good as well.
it wasn't very good at removing any sort of makeup either
i felt like i couldn't get my face to feel clean after using this
it really doesn't do a good job of removing my eye makeup
it also feels weird putting it on
i think this oil would be great if you do not wear a lot of makeup
my skin did not feel super clean after using this product
my skin seems to really like it
i wanted to find a good cleansing oil
although it gets off my make-up pretty good
the smell was way too strong for me.
i really loved the texture
i really wanted to love this because it would be so easy to just cleanse my face after a long day
if anything it made me break out which was surprising for me because very few things make me break out
so i am done with this stuff.
mpressed that it felt really nice
really bad experience with this moisturizer!
i got a really bad breakout!!!
this felt so nice
it was so disappointing bc i loved everything else about it
greasy i feel that 'tackiness' on my face all day
does make skin look nice though
i really wanted to like this moisturizer.
which was pretty-cool
i could feel it on my face all day
so this cream really isn't "great for all skin types" like they claim
it's not to bad, i thought it was a nice texture.
this stuff is a hard pass for me.
is very tacky for awhile after
maybe the ingredients were not working on my type of skin
it felt very sticky on my skin then it started to feel itchy
it feels like i need to wash my face.
i wanted to love this as i've had good luck with other algenist products
what i really didn't like is that it left a weird residue on my face
it was that bad.
yeah... no way i was keeping this.
she said it really helps improve skin clarity
the color changing effect is neat to see when you "done" i didn't like the rubbery feel it left on my face
i'd be okay with a terrible smell if the product worked
i guess wet dog is a good description
definitely didn't work for me
if you use it as a cleanser it does a pretty decent job
i mean very well
i would say that if you really love a good gimmick
means that i really do care about you all :
i liked the idea of the color change concept.
i love masks because i think they make me feel pampered
anything that claims to brighten always attracts me coz god knows i need it
i know a lot of people commented that the results don’t last that long
the only thing i liked was the cooling sensation
feel nice when using it
i really wanted to like it cuz i love the texture of the gel
it cleared them up really nice
i really wish it worked.
it just makes me feel super dry
this thing is like magic with these problems
i really wanted to love this because of all the great reviews
i am really upset because it took me a year to get my acne under control with dr
i *really* wanted this to work
this made me break out horribly
which became really greasy looking
shine gives my face a very weird look
plus i do find that i need a lot to cover my whole face
i found this really messy to use.
i honestly really like this exfoliator.
not a fan of the feel and smell.
wanted to love this product
made my skin feel a lot softer
this definitely cleans your face.
also, not a big fan of the smell.
it felt like it was scraping even with a very
so wanted to love this
then found it quite a
i love all things josie!
i do like the feeling it gives my skin
while i enjoyed how this made my skin look
the didn't go away the only thing i noticed was my face was very soft
smooth so my makeup looked very nice
really couldn't get past the slick
i wish this had worked with my skin because i think it is a great product
it can be hard to tell a difference in your skin-especially when you are using multiple products
etc for so long that part of me glad that i found out
upon application my skin started to feel really bumpy
this stuff is just so amazing
i love the way my face feels after using it
in the past i have had really good
i feel that at this price point
it seriously looks like dots
this product is just okay.
i noticed my skin looks extra patchy when i use it so you need to moisturized really good before h
felt good on my skin
i don't care for the feel of it
it also made my pores look huge which is not normally an issue for me
why change a good thing?
i really wanted to love this for the spf
it was also constantly breaking me out so that's always a negative
had a hard time finding another moisturizer that felt the same
does not go one the skin great
i really wanted to like this because it comes with a great spf 30
i think i like it
maybe i got a bad one
i would really like a gel instead.
im sure this would be good for someone with normal skin
all i know is my eyes look puffy
gave it two stars because it is really good for dryness
this would also ball up and get weird.
i don't feel like it has done anything for my eyes
my eyes got really watery
i feel like i have given it a fair chance
my eyes actually feel uncomfortable, puffy.
i still get pimples here
it feels good going on and absorbs well.
it pills really badly
as i thought i would obviously love it
it doesn't go on very nicely
this one really bothered me
i keep it on to see if it makes a difference
i never noticed any great difference using luna
i wanted to like this product
they never really live up to my expectations
now i'll pay good money for good makeup especially skin care for sure
i feel like my skin didn't absorb this that great
only thing i noticed is that it did balance my oil production
i woudln't say it was amazing
i do wake up looking hydrated which is always good
while i really wanted to love this product
the bottle is basically done
it was just awful for my skin
so many people said this was amazing so of course i got it
really wanted to like it
which i do think lives up to its rep
i wanted this to work as there are great reviews on it however it didn't work well with my skin
it felt too acidy
i noticed a change in a week where my skin felt nice
even using very little i just feel greasy.
my skin did have a nice even texture after using it
luna i'm sure works for a lot of skin types
it's a pretty little bottle
i gave it a chance to see if this was making my skin crazy
i really love how you can customize exactly what you need
my cheeks actually look pretty clear right now
which was supposed to be part of the fun
it felt exactly like putty
it broke me out pretty bad
dried it really bad that my skin felt like s
it starts rolling everywhere if you try to apply anything after not good product
as a primer, this is just okay.
i really wanted to love this.
so this seemed like the perfect formula for getting it in
it has a bit of a weird smell also.
this stuff is just garbage for me
i don't know how other reviews are getting this stuff to work
good if you always use primer.
creates a good canvas for times you are going to wear a lot of makeup
that being said, the wear wasn't very good.
it felt so nice
so just isn't the right fit for my skin.
feel like i need more of it to cover my face
other than that it actually feels really good
hopefully not get pilling
i like the idea
although it did keep me looking very matte all day
did have do a nice job "blurring
hopefully it works for some people
felt great going on
really wanted to love this.
i really wanted to love this product!
i love how this product looks
i actually really liked it.
it just looks amazing my skin doesnt feel cakeky
which was definitely not my experience
it just makes me feel greasy
i don't really like this product.
not so good for me
it does not do a very good job at keeping it matte
for me it was kind of
it's really great keeping you skin matte under makeup
i really wish it had worked better
it makes me feel like it hasnt been absorbed into my skin
so i just put this on, felt amazing at first!
i loved how light it was
i really wanted to like this.
i think if you're very oily like me i dont think this would help in my opinion
it feels good going on
not always use the murad stuff
i don't feel like this really keeps my skin matte
it's a really nice feeling moisturizer
really over all ok.
i liked how it felt
other than that, it's pretty awful.
you know the kind
funny that supposedly this product is supposed to help with shine- it makes me incredibly greasy
i really wanted to love this
unfortunately this made me feel like i had plastic wrap on my face
my face felt so tight
i wanted this to work so bad!!!
i really wanted my face to feel
stuff this cleanser is supposed to be good at taking care of
the only thing i really liked was it's thick texture
all it really did for me was moisturize.
i pretty much broke out with 3 or more big zits which is pretty unusual for me
i love the feel of it
the product is only as good when you actually use
i felt like i truly had makeup on after putting on
i feel like the alcohol just kinda contracts that
i really wanted it to work.
now it does feel nice
i gave it the whole tube to change my mind
now im chapped so far amorepacific is not doing anything to my skin
feels like a layer of something else is just on your face
unfortunately this product looks
still use it from time to time when my face feels like it needs a good hydration
one application made me break out like crazy.
i really wanted to like this product
t made me breakout really bad after just one use
it broke me out pretty bad
thought this cleanser would be just as good
i will definitely get little bumps all over my skin
it's sad because i really wanted to like this
it does feel comfortable
does not make my face feel right after i wash
im pretty sure it this facewash
i loved how lightweight it felt
smooth it felt going on my skin
which always breaks me out
my only complaint is that my face feels very oily all day
it smells funny to me-- like how natural products smell when they've been on the shelf too long
i love the way this stuff goes on.
i love the way it feels on my skin
i am not blaming her because everyone reacts differently to every product
i really wanted to love this
made me break out like crazy
felt nice going on
it did feel amazing
at night it is great because when i get up my face look really moisturized
it never really absorbed
i could feel it just sitting on my face
it felt great when i put it on
it broke me up horribly like no other product has ever done so
i don't feel like this works as well
it made me feel that the product didn't absorb well
this really freaked me out.
it also made me pretty greasy.
i wanted to like this because of how lightweight it was
i really don't see the appeal
i am the kind of person who don't really look at the ingredient list when i buy things
i always think put alcohol on your skin is bad
i did not feel comfortable using it on my skin directly
my skin absorbs it very quickly however it doesn't really do anything
i think they have a great line.
it most definitely did not help me with fine lines
you get a good amount of product for your buck
two people even commented on how i look really tired
just because there are other great product out there
not sure what kind of skin tone you need to have in order for it to work
i wake up feeling nice
finding a good brightening products that's right for my skin is the most difficult thing at all time
when i woke up i can visually tell my skin got brighter
i really wanted this to work for me
this mask was definitely a new experience.
feels really good going onto the skin
this definitely is a moisture bomb!!!
it feels like nothing when you put it on.
my neck never looked as awful
i felt as though this was a waste of money for me
i appreciate how smooth the product is
feel like it just sits on top of the skin
so thats a good thing.
feel like i've given it a fair shot
it is ok but nothing special.
i feel like eye creams are just gimicks
this one is alright
the reviews on this seemed so good i gave it a try
i will say this is really good at keeping my under eyes moisturized
i really wanted to see results from all the amazing reviews
basically, it gets the job done.
moisturizer because my face just wasn't happy with it
does feel light as it promises
thinking it was going to add a lot of ugly sparkle to my face
in fact there really wasn't much "glow" at all.
the look it gives my skin
i just don't think theres anything special or really "glowing" in this product
it smells so bad so returning
or even here on this very product page to tell you
i really wanted to love this product.
does make the skin feel good
t's hard for me to find products that don't break me out
i just wanted a cleanser to make sure i got all my makeup off
i really wanted to love this
it was just okay
i need something that makes my skin feel clean
it was really harsh on my skin
i really wanted to love this thing- i liked getting a mud
i really loved this cleanser.
a mud felt nice on my skin
it's too bad because it really was a good cleanser i enjoyed
i give it 2 stars because it left my skin very smooth
when mixed together i felt as though it just messed up the good qualities of the oil
at first i really loved the smell
made it feel really tight
i really regret spending $39 on this cleanser.
maybe oils are not for me.
i am not in love with this oil as i am not finding it as hydrating as i was hoping to
very perfumey or something just gave me a huge headache
i am good to go
call it a day it would be a very nice no makeup option
hopefully you have better luck with it.
i really wish i could give this product a better rating
i am switching back because that is a really great
make me feel younger right after application
let me start by saying i am a huge algenist fan.
i wanted something for day with spf in it
thought it would be just as great
nice feel a little goes along way.
this would be so good for me
it also felt like i had flakey
unfortunately that is the very reason this only gets three stars from me
i really wanted to love this.
that my muf foundation doesn't cover very well
it does not feel like it moisturizes at all
the addition of the spf must do some weird things to the formula
this product is just an ugh all around from me.
i felt like i needed a shower
which i really wanted to like-
weird but i will keep this.
i really wanted to like it
no matter what i did i always felt just a little too dry
i really liked the fab cleanser
i really wanted to like this product
this is hard to work with.
it made my skin feel great
this stuff works alright.
i really wanted to like this.
i still love you
there was always some kind of streaky
noticed a really weird smell
my skin felt tight, but not in a good way.
the mask was okay, nothing amazing though.
not sure how i feel about it right now
while my skin looked better after use it left my skin very tight amd dry which is something i never experience with any type of mask
i really wanted to like it as i generally have a good experience with sephora br
my skin hated the feeling
i didn't think my skin felt that good afterwards
didn't really work well for me, personally.
that drives me crazy
you guys, this stuff smells terrible!
everyone said that this was it
really goes to show you that not everything works for everyone
this mask really stinks!!
it's pretty cool putting it on
this mask made my skin feel amazing
my skin didn't look or really feel any different
didn't really like the sensation when it was on my skin
idk got to describe the way it feels
i loved how it went on my skin so cool
i so wanted to love this!
i honestly like the thick consistency of this product
it not a good or comfortable experience
certainly not all my eye make up
i really just bought this out of curiosity
and it really stings if you get it in your eyes.
i find this oil just alright.
it obviously wasn't for me.
this product was neither good or bad for me.
it was so strange yet refreshing!
definitely did not hydrate
i can feel it tingle just a little bit
it feels nice going on
this product didn't really do a lot for me other than smell good
i tried this mask as my face was looking very dull
it definitely felt tight
overall it was an alright mask.
i really liked it
the guy at sephora told me i could use this for that since my skin is too dry to use all over my face
i didn't really like it my skin felt really heavy afterwards i didn't feel like it peeled anything because i still had skin peeling on my face
although it smelled very nice
which makes me so sad because i simply adore caudalie
yeah nothing has changed
the smell of this mask is not good at all
i feel like my skin is covered with lightblue film
i really would not buy this for acne scars.
i've always been a clinique fan
i don't think it will be good under makeup since it feels a bit slippery
i like this oil a lot
it's good, just not game changing.
it's just really strong to me
i do see a difference in my skin.
personally with my skin type
i really like this oil
i feel that the oil is simply too rich for me
thought the smell would be amazing
this is just bad to me
the consistency felt really nice
the only reason i gave it two stars is because it did feel nice going on
loved the idea of this one
it does smell really good
it doesn't feel so greasy that i feel like i need to wash my face again
it also really gets off the make-up.
this cleanser does do a pretty good job of removing makeup though
i never felt like it removed all of my makeup
it left me feeling very greasy
this reminds me of my husb
have always had skin like iron
maybe for some people it really works
i didn't really feel like it cleaned anything.
had heard great things about this cleansing oil
definitely not recommended this product.
which could be a good thing
i tell myself it is
i liked the feel of this cream
my eyes felt tired
it takes so much of this stuff to actually moisturize
singing it everyday thinking some day i would see results
it feels very nice when i apply it.
i felt like i kept it too long
this cream is just ok.
even though it feels really fresh when you put it on
my fine lines really bother me
there, i said it.this is fine.
it worked very well for me
it is weird when applied
the stick get's really dirty looking
i always felt like i need to rewash my face after every use
i really wanted results
i like the idea
unfortunately it gave me a bit of redness
the positive thing about this product is it did make my skin feel softer
i love all things boscia
i don't even feel like my face is fully clean afterwards
it really is not
i got this cleansing stick because the whole line sounded very intriguing to me
the only nice thing is the stick that you just wind up to get more product
so sometimes it's great
i love the way it feels
'm giving this two stars: good concept
smelled pretty while doing it
i always go through face cream so fast
i liked the 2 products together.
i definitely liked the essence better then the boscia sake water
if you're combination you will definitely need the essence to go with it
it applied nicely, but the finish is so so.
it made me break out terribly
my skin looks ok.
does not feel like it absorbs.
but idk what its doing to my skin.
my skin felt disgusting.
this looked really appealing
it is definitely this
at least make it smell good
i think i like the product.
because i hear good things about it
i've heard a lot of great stuff about perricone
i don't really get it
before i used this my skin was really clear
it is okay product.
it has done nothing besides make my skin feel smooth after
have heard good things about glamglow as a br
you didn't get a great nights sleep
i work really hard at this
i really did enjoy how my skin felt
i really love this mask
my skin was definitely less dull
figured this brightening mask would be a good one to try
after a whole bottle i noticed nothing
i wanted to really love this mask
my face is definitely not glowing in any way
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to like it
honestly the only thing i ended up liking about this mask was the scent
my skin did not look so great after
so far all i can say is these are just really good cleansing wipes
see if he likes them
did comment that my skin looked great
super bummed this didn't work for me.
i love the way this feels on my skin!
i really hoped i liked this product because i liked the black one
my skin felt really irritated
putting on some cream i definitly noticed how smooth my skin is
my skin just felt smooth in some places
honestly, this is okay.
the mask feels really good
i think if you have sensitive skin this will work really well
this mask does feel nice when it's on.
this mask felt great when i first put it on
it was really hard
it did make my skin feel smooth
also my pores felt really clogged
my guess is that has a good amount of alcohol on it
so not a great idea as a primer
so they kind fall off in terrible little pieces
while i don't have really bad eyes skin
my dark circles r still there it's really disappointing
definitely not for me
too bad... it had a very nice consistency.
it didn't smell very nice
i try not to do the same sleeping mask every night so these little packages are perfect
my skin felt better so that's good
definitely gave me some good hydration
only difference was my fave felt a bit ducky
it made me break out horribly
it didn't work very well.
thought this would be good to help out
coming from someone who loves
i feel like this had little to no effect on me
while it's been working well to mattify
feel really good when freshly applied
i think this will work well for combination skin
i always have residue.
it smells really bad
its great if you're not wearing much make up
as a product, this stuff works okay.
for the price it works pretty well
however, the smell of this is just horrible.
i feel like i am putting gasoline on my face.
still don't know how i feel about this.
found myself having to add more to really get it all off
i think if the producer toned the perfume way down that would help a lot
so, just okay in my opinion.
if anything, it just helped my acne feel...calm?
i feel like i need to use a lot of pumps for it to work
i really liked this cleansing oil at first
it really made my eyes uncomfortable
it really did what it said
while i love the feel
that's honestly how i felt so need to say this is my experience with this product
and you will get real reults.
i wanted to like this mask
if you just want a glow, this might be good.
maybe it just didn’t work on my skin type.
which i found hard to take
the scent of it is really discouraging
the scent is also pretty bad.
that's how i got pulled in to trying this because of all of the amazing reviews
was definitely hoping to see some kind of improvement
definitely not good for under make up.
pill up--not a good look
i took very good care of it it was just outside of the warranty
so that's a good sign
which i guess means it is working
i really wanted to like this product
i gave it 3 stars because it did really help with the puffiness
definitely ensure you read the ingredients
i realized the smell is great if you use it occasionally
constantly just make it too overwhelming
i don't really mind it
i will continue using it because it does feel really nice on the skin
all i felt was a greasy face.
i really hate that feeling
i really wanted to like this product.
i picked up this moisturizer because a ptr rep at sephora told me it would be great for combo skin
then this stuff just not working
thought this would be the perfect addition to my skin care routine
if your young maybe this would work better for you
this is definitely not it
i really wanted this to be the miracle it claims to be
'm hoping my skin is just adjusting before it works
i really thought this product would work for me because it had high reviews
the stuff smells so nice!
made my skin feel amazing
so for something to make me greasy is nuts
maybe for winter it'll be good
it makes my eyes water like crazy
thought this would be a great option
i guess that's always
i really wanted to love this.
im sure it'll be great for normal skin
i got this product because i heard about it from a youtube girl she said its supposed to be really good
but feels good and didnt break me out.
it did me no good
i think the ingredients must have been really strong to make my skin sting like that
not sure why it says it's good for dry skin
i really really tried
you definitely cant put this on
at first i liked it was really light
however, i think this product is just okay.
had to use a lot of product to get any kind of moisture
it's one of my not-so-great purchases
the concept is kinda fun
after a couple of minutes it's actually pretty smooth
so oils are usually a good bet for me
i definitely didn't see any brightening or tightening that i've seen in the reviews here
i wanted to love this so bad!
this moisturizer is good, but not life changing.
other than it's fun to put on
i mean, i've always had good luck with them.
i will say this: i do fee like its doing great things for my skin
however, i feel like its pretty intense.
i feel like i can feel it
em with the gel would give me amazing results
i don't feel as though this cream does anything positive for my skin
i also felt like it left a film on my skin that was not being absorbed
they seem to always push olehenriksen
definitely do not recommend
for me personally i don't like that sticky feeing
pretty hohum product in my opinion.
i felt like this didn't really moisturize all that well
this was really surprising to me as it is supposedly a day cream
it felt nice going on
just that it felt nice on my under eyes
it would always get into my eye
the way it feels
it was just ok.
i really thought this would be a hit
i've decided that this eye cream is just "okay"
i always feel the skin around my eyes are firmer
this was just not a good product for me.
feels good when you put it on
maybe good for very oily skin.
it seemed really great in the store
as i love the whole l'occitane line
i like how it feels going on
also makeup does'nt go over it very well.
i felt like i always had to keep reapplying it!
my skin felt ok
now that's probably a good thing to some people
could feel a nasty reaction coming on
not in a good way
'm giving it 3 stars
i liked it somewhat and it smelled nice.
this product made my skin feel stilng
i really wanted to like it
make my face feel like an oil slick
i really wanted to like this
jart seems to always be good
i really liked the product
it's a fun switch up
my skin just felt really stripped afterwards.
i try a lot of products
i really wanted to love this
i can definitely find better masks out there
really want to like it
i just dont feel like they get all the dirt
i feel like my face is clean
as i'd really never buy a $95 product
i keep hearing good things about the tatcha line
tried it on my whole face
i always am wanting to try new things
it really works so well!
overall this is good if you're okay with the "film"
i really really wanted to like this cream
it felt pretty greasy
so be sure your foundation
unfortunately it give me a lots of itch
it's not bad it's just very strong
it left a very matte finish which i liked
i don't really care much about the dark circles because i have a nice concealer
i really wanted this masque to work for me
this is just okay
it makes my skin feel nice
i think it helped a bit with my rosacea
that's when i really started to see results
i feel like it hasn't really done anything for my rosacea
i actually thought this was a pretty good serum.
maybe this is a godsend for some truly troubled skin types
at first, i really liked this product.
nothing was on my face-as well no film feeling
eye cream to give his whole line a fair chance
for the ticket price i wanted to really love it.
it has done wonders for my acne
know what to look for
i really wanted to love this product since its free of oil
this product is definitely not for me.
i wanted so badly to like this!
it is very light and almost feels like water.
i always feel like i need just a little bit more of something else for my skin to feel really moisturized
it felt really cool
it feels as though it is not taking off all of my makeup
i like the way it feels
smells nice i suppose
i did not find it to really accomplish a whole lot
i really wanted to love it
at first i really liked this mask.
just feels nice on a face
my skin definitely felt softer
it made my skin feel great however it also caused my skin to pill
not ideal when you need to head to work
it is really heavy
i really wanted to like this, but it's awful.
i really wanted to like this product
it drives me crazy!
never seen anything quite like it from a moisturizer
it also had a really
really strange smell i couldn't get past
gave it back a star cuz i think it does indeed moisturize
i chose this as a hundred point perk because i wanted a nice thick lotion for winter
i really wanted to like this product because i need a new moisturizer
unfortunately, it's pretty bad.
when you initially feel the texture
okay i have combination skin
too bad, because i really liked it otherwise!
felt great on the back of my h
well... this sure isn't it.
almost feels like a light hard mask.
it does ball up really bad
i can't see it working out 2 well since it massively balls up
i didn't feel like this absorbed well
that really says something
imo do not think that this is a good day time/ under makeup moisturizer
i felt like it was a very nice texture
it didn't make my skin look or feel amazing
there are plenty of other moisturizers i've tried that really made my skin feel beautiful for around the same price
how it feels on my skin
i really really wanted to like this product
this one is kinda off
at first it felt really nice on my face
it felt very ordinary to me
it works great when i don't wear make up over it
if you really want that extra glow
i don't feel like it made me dry out at all
really it did nothing for my face
love the smell was kinda hard to use have to get it really soapy
it's hard to find anything that works on my back
maybe its the water here
for awhile this soap worked really well
sigh, i really wanted to love this product.
it is definitely not clay foam
why do you rob me a great smell?
when i received it i thought that the box it was packaged in was really cute
really wanted to love this for my oily
it could work great for other people
i wanted to like this very much
this lotion was just okay for me.
however, this stuff stinks.
this product is definitely not for everyone.
it actually made me breakout very badly
seemed to never really sink in.
it's too strong for me
makes me feel like i'm putting chemicals on my face
also, pretty sure this broke me out.
loved the way my face felt after
it only made my face feel smooth
it also smelled really bad.
i wanted to enjoy this mask
it definitely doesn't give me the glowy
brightening look i was going for
i really wanted to like this mask.
i really wanted to love this
so that's definitely a plus
everyone says this mask smells so good
the mask is honestly horrible
i definitely would have
unfortunately it has not worked for me
i really wanted to get past it
tingles a bit so its working!
the one thing about it that is a deal breaker is the awful smell
it is definitely soothing
'll definitely finish the product
every time i put it on my face i feel like i'm wasting my time
let me start by saying that i really tried to love this product
smell were nice enough
it felt really nice on the skin
was really liking how smooth my under eye area felt
like anything its not always going to work for everyone
you really need to rub it in.
really hard to blend out then this would be a total holy grail for me
i really wanted to like it given the company's philosophy
it definitely moisterizures the area really nicely
i really really really wanted to like this product because of farmacy's philosophy
the main thing which bothers me is when you apply it feels like lotion
i honestly think i was better off not having an eye cream
i really need that in my life
the dropper made me feel like i was wasting product
it felt like water
it feels nice when i apply it
i really wanted to give this a chance
the smell is really not pleasant at all
wanted to love it because of the great reviews i saw before purchasing it
it's definitely getting returned
so wanted to like this.
i don't feel like my complexion looks any different
this broke out my skin sooo bad!
i wanted to love this so badly
i really wanted to like this stuff based on all the good reviews
i really wanted to like
i really hate the smell
i think it depends what skin tone you are.
i feel like i need to add something else on the top
like there is something on it
i really like this brand.
it took awhile to realize that this was the culprit of weird texture on my forehead
made my skin feel nice
when i put it on my face i feel hurt
but my bottle was pretty new.
i really wanted this to be great
however i do really love the shiny look
it made my skin feel really sticky
good if you want something really light, i guess
it smells so sooo good too.
it's nice but i've actually used better.
there was nothing really special about this cleanser
i think it could be a good product
just wasn't the right match for my skin is all
i feel like it really doesn't clean the face
wayyyyy too foamy it stresses me out that it feels like it does nothing
i don't really feel like it gets deep down in the pores to clean them out because the consistency is too whipped
it is honestly just a novelty.
but if you want a truly deep clean, keep looking.
it also didn't leave me feeling very clean
it was really fun to use
that's about all that made it good for me
natural smellingi don't see any huge difference in how it effect my acne or how much of my make up it takes off
this product felt like it left a film on my skin.
i liked the concept of it
the consistensy is different as we all know
i truly don't feel it is cleaning like i would like it
feel like you have to use a lot of product each time you use it
my face just does not feel cleaned after use
my face didn't feel like it was super clean
even though my face is clean i feel like i'm missing something
i could really only see this working for a teenager with great
if you are looking into wasting a few dollars to get a fun frizzy feeling when applying on
i don't feel softer, for sure.
i don't think my skin is improved at all.
when you put it on it almost feels like bubbles are popping on your face which feels really cool
'm a big fan of smell good face treatments this didn't add any perk to my day lol sorry guys not worth it
this was just ok.
something that really needs to be used everyday
just not anything amazing for me
's other things since they do seem to have a good following
it was fun to put it on
i definitely don't like how dry my skin feels
i love the way it feels
how it makes my skin look
there are a lot of people life myself with sensitivities to scents
i certainly liked the texture
it feels good going on
not sure how i feel about this eye cream.
i felt like i was just putting water around my eyes
it feels good going on
sort i freaking out at how fast my skin is changing
i am pretty sure this has made my wrinkles st
i am kind of sad because i really like caudalie's product
i do like the way it feels
i just don't see or feel a difference with this one
i feel like some of the product is wasted in a tube
the product didnt really treat me for what it promised
i really thought this would help
my skin still looks the same
i'd say this is good for acne scars
this stuff is just ok
i really wanted this product to work.
it also stinks kinda bad .
murad is definitely not one of them
was told this product would definitely lighten them
would love to find something that really works!
folks tell me i look young for my age
this stuff works if you have fitzpatrick skin tone 1 or 2
i feel like for $60 i should see better
i feel like this product is good for people with very light spots
are still definitely there
i think this product is working
something about my body chemistry makes this stuff smell awful when i put it on despite smelling fine in the bottle
keep in mind that not everything works on everyone so maybe get a sample
just doesnt get the job done!
my face did feel clean
i don't feel like it delivered
i guess hormones finally balancing out
shame on me for not doing my homework
i guess it could be nice for a light scrub
loved the way it felt on my face
for something that's just ok
this had a ok smell to it
it's doing its job very well
i really wanted to love this
the oil definitely works
feel like i will go through a bottle very quickly
this product was so bad.
it felt really thick
just not good at all.
it was nothing special it was okay but not great.
this sounded like it could be a great addition to my routine
it made me breakout so badly that i have to layer on my foundation
make sure that this product is right for your skin type
still felt smooth to the touch except for the bit of acne i had
really wanted a cleanser that would combat breakouts
my skin felt good
i really wanted to see if this cleanser would work
honestly i don't feel like it's helping my acne
my acne was really bad
i feel it did not clean my skin well
not really seeing any difference
i really needed something to clear up my acne
maybe it does a good job at keeping acne at bay
make sure this is the right product for you!
trust me i've tried a lot of skin care
unfortunately it made my skin break out terribly after just one use
it really just made my skin look bad
while i felt that this product really did help to plump
it also does really smell strongly
if anything my skin looked a bit dull
if anything i got dryer looking
really wanted this to work
honestly, the drugstore ones are just as good.
it did mean that taking off the makeup with it was a bit uncomfortable
i didnt really think it worked for me.
unfortunately for me it didnt do a great job with that
it feels like it's just moving the makeup around on my face
don't feel comfortable using it around my eyes which is a big reason i choose a cleansing balm
i don't feel like this cleans as well as i'd like either
i like it a lot for its consistency/texture
i really wanted to like this cleanser because it smells nice
i guess my skin just reacted bad to it
it made me feel so dirty putting it on
while i love the feel
it really doesnt take my makeup off that well
there was a lot of dirt
after using it as a mask i don't feel like it really does anything super spectacular for my skin
i personally prefer a good micellar water to a balm these days anyway
because it feels so freaking nice.
it felt like such a waste to put this on
feels just as hard
rep really pushed it on me during an event claiming it was great for all skin types
people actually kept telling me how tired i looked after 2 months of use
i feel that i just wasted my money
i found this stuff to be disappointing
what you're really paying for is the nars br
i really like what it does to my skin
when i first got this moisturizer in my sephora play box i was excited because it kept me matte for a really long time
in fact actually made it feel dryer--that's the last thing i need
it's a very mild winter here
i feel like my drug store micellar water does a way better job
i usually have really good luck with her recommendations
it does feel nice when you first apply
i always feel like there's residue left on my face
unfortunately, it made me breakout.
it is doing nothing for my skin.
especially considering it's really
i did not feel like it was a truly effective cleanser
if you want a cleanser that is just as good
not sure what kind of makeup all the reviewers are wearing
my skin did not really feel any different.
