it's not at all what i expected when i ordered it online
does what it is supposed to do
didn't work at all
i just can't stop breaking out on my cheek area which that never happened before
so after spending my money on a product that didn't change my skin or didn't help me i don't think i'll buy another product of them
i don't really notice any changes.
that it didn't break me out or leave me greasy
no matter what i did i experienced a ton of pilling
i didn't notice really anything special about it as far as usage
can't return due to having had to use a lot to figure out what the hype was
i don't like it
if you still insist on getting this
it's a good thing i got the sample first because it's not cheap
i do not like the feeling.
why why why is this sooooooo expensive?
can't really be used morning or night.
i swear this one did
didn't have anything to do the next day
i did not notice anything special about it
it's my first trying tatcha product.
this product was great in the fact that it did not irritate or cause a reaction at all
yes they said it would not appear blue when you put it on
i can't justify the price
confused as to how they can justify that price
how anyone is buying this
did not absorb for me
can definitely see what people say when they complain about the tackiness
i can't believe how expensive this stuff is
just not good for what it should be.
at a minimum did not irritate my skin
if i wasn't careful
that didn't seem to do the trick
i buy the $20 stuff from indeed labs
does not sink in
it didn't work on my skin
it honestly didn't do anything
this one didn't irritate at all
even if it's listed at all i tend to stay away
i just really wish they could have made it without any alcohol
glad i didn't spend money on it
this did nothing for me
did not see a single benefit
however, it did not work any more.
i could not see any difference brought to my eyes anymore
maybe it's not enough
unfortunately this did not work for me at all
this didn't moisturizer or seem to have any effect when i put it on at night
didn't notice any difference.
however this mask didn't work for me
for $70 i figured i could use that money for something else
it just didn't live up to my expectations
when people say you have to apply a lot they are not kidding
that is if you want to peel it off which is the point
this one you don't
at the same time i really don't see any benefits
i don't know about that
it really didn't do much for my skin
it literally did nothing to my skin
i didn't notice my skin feeling much different
i just wish i don't waste about $90 bucks on this
there are better masks that actually do what they claim to do
what this thing is supposed to do
not sure what i expected.
i don't have those
it didn't do anything for my skin
normally i wouldn't mind the price if the product works
the thing wasn't even full
when i was done i didn't see much difference.
my face doesn't really look it to begin with so this probably isn't for me since i don't really need firming
don't get me wrong, works amazing!
i think it didn't do anything for me because i'm 21
i don't know what it is
felt exactly the same
this mask did nothing for me whatsoever.
would definitely not recommend.
didn't do anything for my skin
glad i didn't purchase this
i don't see any ingredients that would give the results his mask is claiming
didn't see any changes on my skin
does not come in off easily either
didn't see any results at all
although i don't see drastic results like i do with the supermud
did not have instant results like the
maybe i don't see much of a difference because i'm only 24
shockingly didn't hurt either
it does not hurt to remove it
wether or not you think that is worth $70 is up to you- i will gladly use this sample up enjoy it
box so i'm not out $69.
you may want to avoid this
i won't be purchasing this which is too bad because it does what it says
didn't really see much differene in that area
i honestly didn't feel like it did much for me
if you want to spend $79
it doesn't have anything to write home about either
it doesn't have any long term impact
i did not think it did much for my skin
for the price point it's just okay
maybe i have an unrealistic idea of what this mask should be doing especially for the cost
i don't notice a big enough difference in my skin after using it for the price
honestly, i get it.
you don't actually get all that much product either
i didn't really see any firming action like what it claims to do
this didn't have any impact on my skin
i didn't notice anything not bad not good just the same
i honestly do not underst
bad recommendation, i think.
is it enough for someone my age?
it hasn't done anything for me
i didn't feel that it lived up to the price or the hype
thought i might like this
i couldn't really see any differences
i don't hate it, but i think it's just okay.
didn't break me out
also didn't notice any difference in my skin
i found that it didn't seem to soak in as much as i would like
i didn't notice that much of a difference.
it wasn't anything amazing
it seemed to not agree with my acne
it's not an awful product
i wouldn't buy it either
it is just not for my skin type
this product was just not the one for me
i didn't like it at all
personally, i wouldn't recommend.
i will say though that i had no allergic reaction to it
i didn't notice any difference
it didn't break me out or irritate me
so maybe it's worth a try for someone else
doesn't really allow you to put anything on after
i just don't feel like it does anything
i do not get that reaction at all
i wish it would've helped my skin :(.
it's pretty useless honestly
i do not see any difference at all with it
the only reason i gave 2 stars is because i do like the pump
i don't think i like it
the product didn't really do what i was hoping
all it does is just sit there???
i hate this do not buy
it did nothing to my skin
i didn't notice any difference in the hydration level of my skin
i can't say it was definitely the cause
unfortunately this seems to break me out if i use it everyday
this just wasn't for me
did not irritate my skin
i honestly don't know what i was expecting as i got a free sample
i also didn't apply makeup that day
product doesn't do what he purports to do.
which it did not do for me.
which didn't bother me
have to say that i can't really notice any change
i can't say i noticed any difference in my skin while using it
it didn't bother my skin
i did not notice any change after using it for 2 weeks
i don't really see any results
" if that is such a thing
i don't believe i have been using it long enough to notice a difference
i can't say that i have noticed any change in my skin
my skin was just not having it
this one is not for me
you know to fix those crazy eyes after a long night
i didn't noticed any change
i didn't bought it to have to put makeup over it
but, honestly, it didn't do anything.
i didn't find it difficult to use
can't say if this eye cream helped with that
it didn't irritate my eyes when i used it either
it does not work
besides hydration this cream will not do much for you
i would not recommend it
this product didn't really do anything.
i don't see any difference
now i need to find something else
this product did not cause any skin reactions which is a big bonus
you either get too much or not enough.
im not sure if i see a difference.
also, im not sure i'll buy this or not.
i can tell the difference when not using it
feels like you didn't even apply any in the first place
so maybe it's better for people who do?
but i didn't notice much of a difference.
didn't make much of a difference for me.
such a bummer because i wanted to buy this product
really didn't notice any difference with my eyes after this
this product only moisturizers, not much else.
do not like the dispenser at all.
it i saw no differnece in anything
it does not burn or bother
that's why i can only use it at night
it doesn't harm me
i don't think it does the other things it claims to do
not sure why i don't have sensitive skin or anything
it does not stay on!
it just doesn't cut it anymore
t wastes some every time if you are not careful
but it didn't do anything for me.
i can't really say much if i notice any difference
it also didn't do anything for the dryness.
did nothing for me
spend your money on something else girls!
it didn't work it didn't make me look less tired it didn't do anything it's not worth the hype i returned it
did not love it at all.
save your money and try something else!
didn't do anything for my eyes
i did not liked the packaging
i would put the money towards something else
don't have much else to worry about
i don't regret paying around $30 for this eye cream
you might want to pass on this
i didn't see any improvement with my dark circles
i personally feel like it didn't do enough for my dry skin
however i did not personally love it
this product does not work
i can't wait to return it
but over all it did nothing to my skin.
but at least it didn't make it worse.
ambassador who clearly did not listen to my needs
it's hard to give a fair rating for this.
don't use it as often as i would like because of this
maybe it just doesn't work well with my skin type
this does the job
i will use up this bottle and try something else.
maybe i will return to that or try something else
i don't know what it is about this particular moisturizer
not only that it's terribly greasy going on.
tried this when could not find my other murad product
i can see why it's not in stock in all stores
i guess the extra spf did it.
don't want to waste it
spend your money on something else.
murad you've done it again!
this one did nothing
it definitely did not have a heavy
why did you mess with a good thing, murad?
but i still don't like it.
i notice no real results, though i wanted to.
got the rewards pack so can't say wether they really work or not
there was not much of a difference i saw.
it doesn't work at all!
i don't have any hopes of it
i think the actual cream probably is
i kinda wish i could return it.
not too sure about this product
i did not see any difference after using the product for a week
sadly it does not make good on any claims it makes
i don't see any results
what am i doing wrong?
this only makes it dryer plus you can't use anything else with it
so i’m dumb and bought this outright.
i agree i didn’t know when to use it.
so for anyone else in my boat
i don't even want to give this 1 star.
doesn't do anything for you or your skin
what are you supposed to do about moisturizer?
sadly not this mask
i've never read anything about it helping your face
i just don't know what is this suppose to do.
it is 92 dollars?are you kidding me??
i found d it did nothing
it seems from the reviews you either love it or you're not really seeing much or anything happening
it honestly did not do anything for me.
maybe i don't need the product.
i don't know what it does do.
all i can say is that it did nothing for me.
do not fall for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does not do anything even close to what has been promised
basically does not do anything at all.
blush this did not work for me
please tell me how
i don't have the invoice anymore
it happens either way
if i don't see that i am switching to something else
really doesn't change the look of the skin
i didn't do a thing for me
it did nothing for me after a week.
it did nothing for my skin.
it actually made me break out.
sadly it did not live up to expectation at all
it really didn't do anything at all
which could be from something else
i can't decide if i want to finish the jar
let me know if you see otherwise!
i don't see any real difference in my skin
i don't know why i broke out from this
sadly this product did nothing for me.
t's not like this product had a lot of work to do
didn't last & i didn't see a difference.
for what it said it does i haven't seen much of a difference
didn't notice any changes
i always tell my mother not to waste her money on these products that don't work
i don't know if i'm too young for this product
the product goes on very smoothly however it didn't do anything except act as a moisturizer
i don't see what the big hype is about
it did go on smoothly but that's about it.
i'll look for something else...
i can't say that i see any difference in my skin at all
did not see any results
now i'm not too sure i even want to try more of this line
i really didn't like this product.
so, i can't recommend this to anyone.
i don't really notice much difference as it seems to be a temporary fix
i just don't seem to grab it
at $100, you expect something.
it does what it says it will
doesn't really do anything for my skin.
this really did not meet my expectations for the price point
this simply isn't the case.
don't get me wrong
not to the point i feel it might be damaging to my skin
i might just have to order the bliss stuff elsewhere
i don't find this one to be anything special
however it's nothing special
doesn't feel like it does much for my skin.
i don't see any crazy skin changes
thought why not double up the goodness?
i didn't feel like it did anything for my breakouts
i usually think people are being dramatic when they say that in reviews
like, "surely that can't be!"
for $38 i can't tell what it does that an $8 cleanser doesn't
this cleanser didn't do anything for my skin
i didn't notice any difference when i stopped using it
for the price i would go with something else.
doesn't do anything at all
perhaps the formula just isn't for me.
it doesn't irritate me or break me out so that's great
it really did nothing.
but it really did not make any difference.
what it did was make break out so horrible i will never buy this product maybe i try something different
it wasn't doing anything
because i had honestly no clue what this was as i just received it as a sample
did nothing for my skin.
it didn't work for me but it might work for you
didn't do anything negative to my skin
i did like the product though.
or at least not use it everyday like i did
this may not be for you
it honestly didn't work
i notice them though
i suppose it's just a preview of what is to come as i age?
i mean, like 99% of that stuff is left over.
it didn't work in the end.
it wouldn't come out
you can't really tell if anything is coming out
it's working in my case.
this does not even come out of the bottle
it's a shame i used them all
can't get my money back because it really is a waste of money
it did what it was supposed to
it does wonders for my skin
i didn't notice anything special about it
lol i was not however a fan of this product.
let's be clear that i do not mean that my skin was peeling
this is honestly not something i would purchase again
not sure about this one
this product does not work for me
yet when i use this it stings
i realized how dumb i was for not trying this due to my love of her other products
and this broke me out like you would not believe.
didn't really sink in
it didn't break me out or anything
i don't even know what this smell is
i don't recommend this
not sure if it was a skin reaction or the product itself
i do not think it absorbs quickly
i went in with the intention to purchase this all i can say omfg the smell
didn't like this at all.
not for my skin type
i can't believe i spent so much money on this
it didn't feel smooth
did not do anything
found it did nothing for my skin
it didn't penetrate at all.
i don't see how this works for anyone
i didn't like the smell at all.
you will like this
sure, it smells good but it doesn't do much.
this product did nothing for my skin.
i think it does what it is supposed to which it warms
i want to say i love this scrub
i don't think we should be causing micro cuts like that
this one did not work for me
didn't feel it did much of anything for my skin
i can't see a difference in before and after.
this did nothing for my skin.
it's a shame that i have to stop using it when the bottle is 95% full
this one does the trick.
not sure yet of the change in texture
i really didn't give the product much of a chance
i wouldn't think of it as terrible.
it did nothing to help
idk if it does anything to my face
it also didn't do anything for me
it's also not terrible
i just can't see spending 38 dollars on this.
it didn't make my skin worse or anything i'm just not sure what it does do is worth it
it doesn't do anything to my skin
smelled it i didn't like it
anything else i've ever used made me break out
i can see how it would work for others
doesn't clear my face
only reason it doesn't have 5 stars is i've only used it 2x so far
every time i do
i wish i could say this worked
this mask just didn't do it for me
until i actually did.
after using it for a solid 2 weeks i can say i am not a fan of this personally
formula just did not work for me
not something that worths it's price
can't say they're exactly the same
i did not see much glow.
however it did not to what it says it will do.
it's definitely not with $95- since it didn't do anything "amazing" other than give you a amazing glow
really doesn't seem to do much at all
not sure how this product is supposed to work?
i found no need to add something else to the mix
i don't see a difference in my skin at all
i wanted to like this
i really didn't notice any change in fine lines.
i really don't see much difference after using this
which is what i wanted it for
if it doesn't break you out you will love this!!
i just didn't have crazy results with this one.
don't know what the hype is about this product.
does nothing for me
only gave it 2 stars because my skin didn't get any worse
after that it literally does nothing
my skin did not change
it just wasn't anything special
but i don't think it's a perfect match for me.
i wish i could say i loved it.
this did not work for me and i regret trying it.
my skin is not
it does nothing for me.
i noticed my face did not feel clean anymore
i really can't take it anymore.
this didn't do anything for brightening my scars like some claim
i did not notice a glowing look to my skin
this is not it
it didn't improve hydration or do anything else as far as i could tell
i just wish it didn't cause such a massive break out
it just wasn't special.
i didn't love it the way i have some other products
there isn't anything wrong with this oil.
it really didn't do anything for me our of the ordinary
i didn't get any obvious results.
this doesn't mean you can put the cap back on
i hate not getting the amount i want
i don't like it
let me tell you
you can make about 32
i didn't think it was anything special.
so you have to guess what you're supposed to do with it
just give me some clear instructions, please!!
it never let my makeup set: my foundation
i didn't notice any wow-worthy moisturization if i used it at night
well... maybe it might just be me haha.
well either way i tried not to apply it to my face since it smelled
i honestly don't think it does anything other than give the skin a slight gloss
thought who wouldn't love some in a stick form?
it did not give me the level of moisture i wanted
used a few times and could not say i loved it.
i don't dislike this...but i don't need this.
i wouldn't recommend it
i don't think it's anything special
if i could give it no stars i would !
it did not happen
i suppose i can take this on short trips
if you want something like that
i don't understand this products purpose.
i attempted to use it as a primer for my makeup however i can't really say i noticed any difference from not using a primer whatsoever
it doesn't really do anything
then it's like "ok???
didn't feel a difference on my skin
rarely have they met the hype
didn't care for this product.
this product just wasn't for me
i did not see a difference in my puff around my eyes
i also didn't care for the texture it left behind
i wouldn't ever use it over makeup
didn't really have any effect on my skin
t might work better for someone else
don't want to waste any
product wasn't bad, but wasn't good either.
i don't really think it helps depuff or anything like that
i can't decide whether or not i hate this
not only did it have zero cooling effect
other than that i didn't really find a use for it
box, but not a love item.
it does cool, but at what cost.
it hasn't done anything for my skin
it does what it's supposed to
it just didn't seem to do much.
that wasn't the problem
i didn't really care if it felt cool or not.
do not be fooled.
it does what it says it does.
if you want something w the same effect
the smell is so bad i just can't deal with it
it doesn't do anything else for me
so i love its size but otherwise nothing special!
maybe doesn't fit me?
feels about the same, anyway.
i would not recommend this product to anybody
it doesn't last long
i don't really notice a change
it didn't cause a break out
guess that was a plus
it's not something you use all over your face either
i went into the store knowing exactly what i wanted
my skin just doesn't react well to it.
i don't mind the smell except that i did my research
it didn't work for me
this stuff didn't make me break-out
did not mattify it at all
it did nothing to control the oil
i don't want it to smell exactly like a cheap
did not work out
i hate that this moisturizer failed me.
this just doesn't do the job for me
while it didn't break me out
no matter how little i used my skin didn't soak it in at all
i don't really think it prevented breakouts either
i mean just look at the ingredients.
i will not use it anymore.
didn't see any results
which it did not
didn't think it was a great moisturizer either as if you apply too little
however, it just wasn't for me.
it also did nothing for my pores.
while i don't think it caused me to break out
it didn't help it any
wish i hadn't wasted my money
sadly i couldn't do it!
this did not break my face out
did nothing for my pores like it claims
it's okay but i don't think i'll be repurchasing.
it did not break me out
i wear it at night cause i didn't want to waste it
did nothing for my acne.
i just don't see it
i don't know how anyone can give this product any stars
if i could i would give it -1 stars because its just a literal waste of money
i honestly can't tell if it even does anything
i don't feel like it's a need.
this is just pointless
i can't tell if it makes a huge difference
it seems the same as when i do not use the primer
it seems like the maskimizer didn't add any particular effect
i didn't notice any results
don't have the time
since i knew how my skin would react to that mask
after a few uses i didn't necessarily know what the purpose behind it was
you could simply go with water
adds to it i don't know if i would actually purchase this by itself
it doesn't do anything at all
this is a waste of money if you actually pay for it
seemed gimmicky, i didn't really see any results.
i did not see any difference at all after using it with a few different masks
i do not recommend at all.
not sure it does much
i just do not see the point.
i agree with others-- this product appears to do nothing
how it was supposed to help
there is no difference if i use a mask with or without it
honestly it's hard to tell if this product really does increase the effectiveness of a face mask
this is junk and doesn't do anything.
you really don't need this product.
i dont see a real purpose for this primer
didnt do anything for me
i don't see it as something i actually need in my collection
i don't see a difference at all when i don't use it
i just can't justify spending even $20 on this item
didn't notice any difference from other masks i've used
if you do decide you're going to buy both the maskimizer
seeiously didn't make a difference on how my mask went on
sorry but this isn't for me
no way of telling if this works or not
it doesn't do anything.
it doesn't make my masks do a better job
i wouldn't waste your money on something like this
what this product is suppose to achieve because it did nothing
i don't see a difference.
i really don't notice any difference if i use this or not
i find myself not wanting to use this product
is not easy to do with this bottle
oh buy i thought wrong
i don't see it at all
it does the job
it's not terrible but i wouldn't buy it again.
they are not just a makeup br
would not recommend this product.
don't know how well it does with removing anything
it did make me
it didn't live up to my expectations
this is not normal for me.
i broke out so bad from this product i could not even wear makeup for a while
i did not like this face wash
doesn't do much either
i feel as if it doesn't really do anything for the price
it let me down so bad
there was no actually hydration
it's just not what i was hoping for
it still did not remove all my eye makeup
i tried using this in the morning when i didn't even have makeup to remove
maybe i didn't have enough water
i wish i could describe just how badly it dried my face out
it does not work well for me
it still did the same thing
does not give me acne which is a big plus
i never have that many
please don't think it won't work for you because it didn't work for someone else
i really did not like this.
didn't really help with my breakouts
i mean i'll get one pimple here
this is not it.
i get that many double wash anyway
so that wouldn't be a problem for them
do not like to do so
this one is not for me
it does nothing for my skin
i don't see how or why in the world bare minerals thought that this new line was better because it's not
i dislike it so much i will not use up the bottle
did not remove all of my makeup
i felt like the cleanser really didn't do anything
i don't care for the way this goes on
i mean it's okay, but just not for me.
it is just not the same
i didn't like it
i didn't like the way it felt on my face
just not for me.
at least i don't hate it
it does nothing to my skin
this product is just not enough for me.
or wasnt enough for me anyway
i initially didn't think it was this because i had never had such a terrible reaction from a moisturizer before
it looks greasy in my t-zone areas which is something i was hoping this wouldn't do
this product just isn't for me
i did not break out
didn't work for me.
this one didn't work for me.
was iffy about trying it because the ingredient list didn't seem great
tried anyway--it doesn't absorb
honestly don't see a difference in my skin unfortunately
or anything else it claims to do
didn't notice that it really did anything
for the price i wish it did more for my skin
i could still smell it
i couldn't get past that to know if it works.
i could not get past the smell
i don't see a difference
i don't think it's helping at all
i think i might just go through the hassle
i think it's not doing anything for me
at least it didn't break me out
enough so that i would not repurchase this product
i didn't wear any makeup
unfortunately i saw no difference at all.
did nothing for me
i felt that it did not absorb well.
personally it was not for me.
however something in this cream did not work well with my skin
just did not work for me
just not for me
what i i don't underst
i never got any extra breakouts or anything from using this
it unfortunately it breaks me out :'
this isn't the one
even if this stuff was free i wouldn't use it.
otherwise, not a bad product.
i guess it depends on your skin type.
might be great for someone who does not need a ton of moisture
not simply give the illusion that it is doing so
otherwise doesn't really do much
the smell nope not for me at first i was like ok it's not a bad scent
it really didn't do anything special
then it's like i never put anything on
i don't think it's the best for me
i wont put the weight of that on this product though because it was just a factor
basically did the exact opposite of what it claims to
didn't do anything for my skin
it just wasn't for me
unfortunately, i don't recommend it :(
even though it didn't work for me
overall did not do anything for me
it's not what i hoped for
it's difficult to say if i fully support this formula
not for me though
did nothing for my under eyes at all.
and it doesn't do that great of a job.
not sure if i can return it
sadly it has done nothing
didn't do much for me.
i wanted to like this so much, but i just can't.
it wasn't a waste of money
maybe it works for the other things mentioned
i wasn't expecting much
just did not enjoy using it
i can't figure out how to get it off
do not get in eyes
even though it is hard not to with the w
formula doesn't make a difference either.
this cleaning oil did not work at all for me.
this just didn't cut it
i did not notice a change at all.
not only because i don't want to use the same spatula
it is just not for me
it does help my skin with hydration when its on i didn't see any improvement when i didn't just apply it
do the same thing
however there is nothing wrong with them
now they seem like they don't do anything
thought maybe they didn't work with my face type maybe then they would work for my husb
so at lest these didn't make me look older when i ran out like the other ones
they didn't do anything for two different people with different skin types
they dont fit around my eyes.
there was not difference
they did not hydrate
they did not affect the fine lines around the eyes
i did not see any amazing results
just not this one
did not want to leave them
she didnt see a difference either
it turns out, these are just not for me.
but unfortunately i haven't seen a difference.
it doesn't feel or look any different
it doesn't provide the kind of results i'd hoped for
unfortunately, these didn't work for me.
this doesn't seem to be making any lasting difference after a month of use
definitely doesn't do all the things promised
it does the job
this is one of those products that are simply ok.
however do not think that this cream is a miracle worker
it's good if you're not wearing any makeup it lasted me for 4 months
did not do much else
i don't really seem to notice a huge difference in the few weeks i've used this
would not recommend this product.
maybe this would be nice for someone who does not wear makeup
i wanted to love this product but it's so-so.
this honestly did nothing for me.
it's not a bad product
didn't notice any difference in fine lines or dark circles
i mean i was hoping that it will help me with mu dark circles
didn't see any type of plump or anything at all..
i couldn't wait to try it
what is it suppose to do exactly?
it didn't do anything for me
it doesn't do much for my skin
doesn't affect much else
i also don't really notice any difference between using this mask
or not using any mask
this didn't do anything it claimed to do at all.
i so wanted to like this as others have
for the $$ it didn't really do anything noticeable
definitely would not recommend
i would not recommend it
it doesn't work for me
it didn't do much for me
i don't see any difference
didn't even finish it
i don't know if it does anything to help with dark spots because it wasn't worth destroying my skin
i'd give this maybe like a 2.5 star if i could.
doesn't mean it works
it did not work for me at all
i should have known this wasn't a good product when i tried it the first time
this did nothing for me at all.
i would not say its a good product nor it is bad
it felt like i wasn't applying anything.
this does not help
it does not make me break out/red :
this is not the answer
it didn't deliver on any of its claims
i guess this is ok.
this product didn't work well for me.
it's not really anything special
not anything i would spend $60 on.
however i really didn't like the scent.
didn't do a thing for me
i guess if it ain't broke don't fix it?
guess it kinda fails its purpose
the pros ended up being reasons i didn't love trying this product
i also did not like the scent.
it doesn't make me breakout, either!
i don't find myself using it
i would not recommend this product to anyone.
it didn't work out at all
other than that i don't think it added anything special to my beauty routine
i liked this product, but i did not love it.
as the directions weren't too clear
i didn't like this product.
didn't really do anything in general
as it is i find i can't use this product
try it, you won't regret it!
i did like this product
i think you could pass on it
so yes i did enjoy the product
i honestly don't even underst
if anything it make my skin look saggier
i returned it because even at the sale price i didn't want to use as much as i needed to get a good glow
t is not terrible
i do not break out easily at all
unfortunately this is one product that did not work out for me
did nothing for me
knowing that it would have it's limitations
this was a fail for me.
i wanted to like it
its bad enough for me to stop using it
will be passing it on to someone else.....yuck!
so people who like that it doesn't have fragrance might like some other products as well
the description does not lie
the product hasn't done anything for my skin .
would not recommend this
unfortunately my skin did not like this.
i could see how people who don't get acne with this cream would like it
do not use under makeup
i know it's not the other product because once i change this moisturizer with another one
didn't work for me--waste of $40.00.
plus the fact that it has such a fragrance leads me to believe that it's probably not good for people who may have reactive skin
sadly this made me breakout
i dont even know if its supposed to do that on its own or if its because i often use the rose face mask too
because of this i try not to give produces bad ratings if they don't work for me
just didn't work for me.
it didn't have any long-term effect on my skin
i would expect it to
it did not help at all
i didn't particularly like the smell of it
i do like this product.
not sure if it's hydrating enough for me
this cream did not do justice or came remotely close to healing those areas
didn't want to have to add a primer to it
this one wasn't meant to be for me
i can only say that it's a great experience to apply this to your face
this probably won't provide the hydration you need
i know it is not being absorbed
it did not break me out
i didn't see any results
nothing good happened either
not only did it not improve my fine lines
i've tried products that didn't help
it did nothing for me
i did not notice a single difference
this just didn't impress me
it does not do much for me
would not recommend it.
however i didn't see a very large difference
this didn't help my skin at all
it's not that it's a bad product per say
i really think that this product did nothing.
it doesn't perform like any other b i've ever used
didn't notice one difference in my skin
i also didn't use along side anything
'd say if you're dry
it didn't do anything for my skin
if anything it made it feel even dryer
dont really notice on days i skip it
but this product did not impress me at all.
this is something it did not do
let me say their entire line breaks me out
maybe i'm not using it right
nope it's just their entire line that breaks me out
doesn't do what it claims at all for me
it still is not doing what i expected
not a fan of having to mix with something else
the product is so light that it doesn't feel like i even used it
i didn't notice a difference with my skin
this just isn't going to do it for you
this does not work for me
it didn't nothing for me.
she doesn't like it either
i wish i could give it zero stars.
having tried everything else
not because of the cream
this kind of thing has never happened
i didn't expect the new formula to smell so different
it's not an awful product
i wish they would stop changing everything
makes you look like you have face d
is not something i want on my face
not sure if it was from the fragrance or just the over all formula
the only reason i am giving this two stars is because it is not greasy feeling
that is not that case
soothing on the skin it did not have the anit ging benefits that the hope in a jar did
did not work as was stated
maybe it works for some people
i just don't see the point
no matter how i use it
it is not that cheap
i did not feel like the foam did anything
you're not missing out
i just don't know how to use it better?
i love the brand, but not this product.
it's just not for my skin type
so maybe they'll make a different formula
don't get me wrong
but what the h is this?
this was not a mask.
i would not recommend it.
it doesnt say for how long to let the product sit on the skin
so far i am not sure that is does what it says
keep trying to see if i notice anything happening
i didn't see any change when i used this
i just don't think this does what it claims.
i don't see any difference at all
do not get this
i suppose the label does say 'keep young
i didn't find anything great about this.
i wouldn't recommend it
this seemed to trigger something
i wish they change the bottle.
this is something that you don't want to put on your skin
let alone your face
i think it is criminal to charge people so much money to ruin their skin
more evidence that expensive doesn't necessarily mean good
if it works for you
which wasn't even the deal breaker
so maybe that didn't help
either way, it was not for me.
i would not recommend this to anyone.
i can't say i tried this product more than once because it was so strongly scented that i almost wanted to wash it off
maybe i shouldn't have been surprised
as for results i cant say
so maybe it's just not meant for me
this was not that product.
did not help texture or fine lines
the fragrance didn't bother me
sad it didn't live up to the hype i have read about
i like what this does to my skin
i dont know if they are trying to mask a smell
i don't know whether it works
i don't think i will be using it long enough to see
within that time frame i didn't see any changes in my skin
if that helps anyone
i can't believe more people are not mentioning how sticky this oil feels
it doesn't seem like it does anything
didn't see any difference in my skin
as for the effect, i didn't notice any change.
i would not recommend this.
i am not sure how i feel about it because i haven't used it consistently
it goes away within seconds-so don't know why people complain about it
maybe a "miracle" product for those under 40.
i could not even st
doesn't do anything to your skin
can't say it's doing anything for my skin.
i can't say i'm too crazy about it
im not sure if my pump is defective or not
it doesn't break me out
have to say i do not see a difference
i didn't see the "brightening" benefits
unfortunately, it did not.
it just didn't do anything.
i don't see that much a difference
not for me i guess
i don't know how it did this
do not waste your money on this, it's a waste!
i did not like it
like it.. not sure if i love it.
it doesn't break me out
not sure about the aha aspect of it
it's not a high percentage for sure
i also did not notice that it helped clear or prevent breakouts
it's also not hurting anything
this eye cream does not depuff or do any of the things it claims to do
i didn't notice any difference
i guess if you forgot to put mascara on
guess you can't complain
did not apply well
the mascara was ok it wasn't giving me the look i want
if you twist to much product up it doesn't go back down
so, like, three uses... i don't understand.
you'll be better off using something else
thankfully i didn't buy the full bottle of this stuff because it was truly disappointing
i guess it's jsut not for my combination skin
i feel like this doesn't do anything for me
i cant say it has helped the appearance
but sadly, it just did not work for my skin.
because it's just not that great
it doesn't really do anything special.
this product didn't do much of anything
i did not notice brighter skin at all.
i don't know to which product i should attri
don't know if this is the cause.
this wasn't something i was expecting
unfortunately, this didn't work.
i didn't see or feel any benefits
i don't really think it's anything special
this one i just don't like
i don't recommend it at all.
this is not the product for you
i can't wait until it's gone because the smell is so horrible
can't get past the smell unfortunately.
i can see why people enjoy this product it just wasn't for me
i don't know why i keep using this i guess i really wanted it to work
this did nothing for me unfortunately
unlike everything else they offer
dont believe what these ladies are saying because they really dont care
didn't actually buy a jar
was too distracted by the scent to notice whether it really did much
it did not add hydration.
really did not like it
my makeup did not sit well on top of it.
do not buy this if you don't have aging skin
sadly not for me.
i assume if you don't have dry skin like me it may be good enough
must say this isn't one of the more amazing products- think good genes or luna oil
unfortunately i didn't get to use it long enough to find out because it started clogging my pores
cannot recommend this to anyone who easily breaks out
it did not make any difference.
like i did not use the product at all.
bummed it didn't work for me.
definitely do not recommend it for those that do
i did enjoy using it.
you can't see it from distance
this didn't do much for me.
didn't really notice anything special about it.
not not unlike some other br
i probably will not even attempt this on my face.
i didn't realize they changed it until i ran out
it did the same thing with all of them
see if that makes a difference
i don't know why this is not working
not a fan of its smell either
i guess it's just a night time thing for me
acne didn't go anywhere, skin is just coming off.
didn't break me out
didn't see any real results
i did not see much of an improvement in my skin.
you don't get that much product
didn't notice any changes with fine lines
this did nothing for my skin
that's how much i hate this new bottle.
sadly i did not
thought how could i not love it
otherwise doesn't seem to do much
i cannot emphasize how much i dislike this product
this doesn't work well
this is the reason why i'm scared to try it.
i do like the product- the idea of it
for that reason i can't imagine buying the full size being worth it for anyone with very dry skin because you have to use so much at every use
i didn't notice a huge difference
did nothing for my skin
this is not your stuff
it doesn't give enough moisture alone
which isn't for me
honestly i don't see any difference in my skin
it's good, just didn't impress me much.
every time i tell myself i will perhaps get used to it
i don't find it does much
make it impossible to wear anything with it
i don't know why people like this brand.
i do like it though
it literally does nothing
i don't believe so.
it did nothing for me
i did not see any results or any improvement.
it didn't irritate my eyes though.
this did not work for me at all.
im unsure if i didn't apply it correctly or what.
no matter how much of the product i apply i feel greasy
i personally would not spend $150 on it.
it's just not for me.
the smell isn't *bad* per say
didn't notice a difference in my skin
maybe it's because i have normal
either way , i can't recommend this product
everybody's been complaining about that
past that does it really work i don't know?
i let the salesperson talk me into this product
don't know if it is doing me any good
can not imagine what this would do to someone who is
i literally said "ugh" i should have stopped there
the product does not work
i do not recommand to buy this.
didn't last as long as i would have liked
overall, not a fan and i wouldn't buy it.
i really didn't notice any difference between this
which wouldn't be a deal breaker
this product didn't do anything bad to my skin
i can't return the whole set just because of this
actually the only thing it did for me was dry me out
did not see a difference on my skin
this product did not work for me.
my face did not like it
i just don't think i do well with this brand.
this product does what it says
just wasn't for me
algenist products seem to do this to me.
a problem that doesn't really exist
did not work for me.
not really seeing a difference yet
just wasn't for me
sadly it didn't do anything for puffiness for me
the product did not depuff
unfortunately it didn't do anything for my dark circles
trust me i know
not sure if it's still available
thought i understood what all the hype was about
i couldn't figure out the cause
it does go on easy
it didn't do much
i didn't like any of the other items
this will not do the trick
didn't feel it after every application
i cannot tell that it does much of anything for the puffiness
however, it didn't do anything besides that!
didn't really see it do anything special
maybe i didn't give the product a fair shot
f you buy i guess make sure you use it up before it does out
i would not recomend unless your ok with the jar not closing
i do not like it much.
this moisturizer is just not doing the trick
for the price i didn't feel like it did anything special for my skin that a much cheaper moisturizer couldn't do
i wanted to love it but it didn't do anything.
after establishing that it didn't really have an effect
it's just not for my skin type.
i wouldn't say that this is a bad product by any means
it isn't easy to find a product that can balance out this situation
you may want to avoid
i didn't notice a big difference
still didn't notice any difference
didn't help the break outs which are mild
didn't clear up until i used a different product
unfortunately they're not for me
literally didn't see one difference in my skin i could have giving it some more time
it really did nothing honestly.
i can't find a good use for it
i do not recommend this product
it does the job
just not for me
i didn't like it
i guess i could use it when i skip the gym
want to pretend like i didn't
however it didn't work out for me at all
i actually like the smell.
it's so strong it's enough to deter me from using it
sorry to say i see no difference after three weeks of use
night with no change what so ever
when i went to return the girl got really snarky with me saying i had to use it for longer to see results
here's the thing- i didn't see any improvement
i didn't ask for it to be fixed over night
she did not want to help me find anything else that work work better because this apparently was the best
it did not do anything to reduce the spots on my face
didn't see any difference
but didn't know what it's meant to do.
so i know it was this product.
while this didn't make me break out
i don't feel like it did anything for my skin.
all that did to me was get breakouts
when do you let it sit for 15 seconds?
truthfully haven't seen a big difference in tone or fine lines
by itself it doesn't help much
however, it did not do anything for me.
it's not a bad scent, but not one i love.
not like the description promised
this scent didn't bother me
not so much that i would be willing to have to smell it for hours
is not enough to overcome the smell
this completely did the opposite of what it said it was suppose to do
it's exactly like honey
you definitely need to apply it exactly how it says to
i never get breakouts
i could not st
but it didn't make a difference to my makeup.
this product did nothing for my skin except break me out
didn't work on my skin
my makeup didn't even stay for 1hour
this really didn't do anything for that
it did not affect my pores
it does nothing for me
this didn't do anything to help it
knew it wasn't the foundation
this did not work for me
you'd never know it when i had this on
i don't know what on earth happened
why this didn't work for me
i will say this though
my makeup did not stay on well:
i guess that's what they meant by dewy skin?
though i probably don't quite need a corset
for me it was not a game changer.
i don't think it's that great
that i wondered if i could have the same result
i won't be paying the steep price for this anymore
did not notice any difference
it did nothing to control my t-zone shine.
i do not recommend this product.
this did nothing for my skin.
i don't know what happened here.
i've found that it doesn't really make much difference by the end of the day
for the hefty price tag i just didn't feel like i got enough bang for my buck to justify it
they don't seem to do much
t wasn't that i used too much
this did nothing for my foundation.
doesn't control it as i would like to
this did nothing m
doesn't work so well in real life
spoiler, it was not.
it still didn't work
it literally did nothing but make me even oilier.
i wasn't expecting miracles
unfortunately it doesn't work at all.
i tried it alone
it really doesn't change anything
i didn't notice a difference while using it
it was honestly a bit of a let down
beyond that it doesn't make much of a difference
this didn't work for me at all
put some more on thinking i didn't put enough on
it did nothing for me at all.
the matte didn't last long
it's not going to magically work any other way
it did nothing for me
gonna try other ways to use it!
didn't really do anything.
this really didn't change a single thing
which doesn't make sense for the name of the product
not sure that it does too much.
it did nothing for my oilyness
can't really tell if this makes a big difference
this product does not mattify my skin
nor does it do anything that it claims to do
it made no difference to me
this product does not work!
it didn't work for me
if you want to buy this product i would recommend going to the store
unfortunately it did not work at all
it didn't do anything
did not even keep me matte throughout the day.
it didn't make any difference when i tried using it under or over my makeup
this product did not work
didn't realize how small the bottle was i mean $90 for this is kind of sad
hope it doesn't break me out
didn't help with my age spots
you can still see how dark it is
considering the price you'd think i'd see something
it did nothing to my dark circles.
i didn't see any changes under my eyes
i would not repurchase because it doesn't do what it claims
honestly, it did nothing.
i didn't expect any miracles
it really didn't do anything for me
it didn't really do that
this literally did nothing for me.
i just don't think it exists
good moisturizer but didn't do anything special.
at first i didn't think it was this moisturizer
it was a real bummer that it didn't work out for me
didn't work for me, so wouldn't buy it again.
it didn't cause any reactions or breakouts which is great
it doesn't break me out.
there's nothing that special about it
maybe not necessary for everyone
it's not for me
air doesn't do anything for your complexion anyway
it just didn't agree with my skin
unfortunately it has caused me to break out here
it's not the one for me
that's what this cream promised
didn't break me out but didn't do much else.
atleast it did not cause any break outs
i will say though
2 months later i honestly see congested i mean omg it's really rich nothing
i really did not like this lotion
when that didn't work
don't know what could possibly be making my skin angry besides that it simply is too dry
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
i didn't find it life changing
this does nothing to tighten anything.
if you need to tighten any part of your face-don't bother with this one
it really doesn't work as a primer at all
i wanted to like it
i would not recommend
i can't say about foundation over it
i wouldn't rush out and buy.
i would not purchase it
not sure it performs any better than something you'd find at the drugstore
you couldn't even tell once my makeup was on
no, it is not.
perhaps i am using it wrong?
i could spend $49 on anything else
i guess that's what i'll try to use it for next
but sadly, i cannot recommend it.
i really didn't like it
personally, i could not get over the smell.
i just couldn't with this one
my type of skin did not mix
just didn't work for me.
unfortunately i will not be using this product anymore
i don't like it.
t didn't last long
other than that---it's not that special
maybe that was the problem
this didn't really glow or anything
i couldn't get past it
so don't expect real results from that
i wouldn't buy it though
did not notice a difference.
didn't notice any difference in my face from before
so this isn't something i would purchase
even if it didn't cause breakouts
i didn't like the effect enough to buy it at this price point
perhaps i am not using enough
on my combination skin anyway
t did half the job
i wouldn't recommend you waste your money on this
putting it on my face anymore
i know that in my case it's the ingredients.
didn't really notice much difference moisture-wise
it definitely did not mega illuminate anything
i can't even imagine what would happen to someone with sensitive skin
thought i could get over the smell but nope.
also didn't do much to my skin personally
did not control the oil in my t zone
i would not purchase it
there's no way you can wear this alone.
i can't say i notice anything different
outrageous, definitely can't afford this.
sadly, my skin does not.
can't say much for improvement on elasticity
i honestly just find it to be an eh product
this did nothing for my eyes.
i don't see any difference in my eyes or the area around them
does not make any difference if i put it on or not
i would say it's just ok, nothing special.
i will continue to use the bottle to see if there's a difference
others that did not
unfortunately this did not
i can't even get past the awful smell of this oil to continue using it to see the benefits
i honestly don't see the hype
it didn't change the game
not bad, but wouldn't buy again.
let me say it absolutely doesn't do either.
his words: "not bad, nothing special."
think that's silly to call it "2 in 1" when half of it doesn't even really work
i think that's a dangerous thing to say
i think it's shameful that clinique is advertising this as something you can you twice a day
doesn't matter how "gentle" you think it is.
it did leave my skin soft which is why it got any stars at all
it didn't help at all
this might not be the thing for you :/
it does exactly what i was expecting
i didn't care for this product.
this didn't do that
it does what the description says
i just didn't like this
maybe i just assumed from the name of the product that this would give me a "pep"
this one is not for me
for one, i could not tolerate the scent.
although the jar does not hold much
i might be crazy
let me just say it's not my favourite
the second use was only because i didn't want to waste it
it didn't blur anything
because maybe that works with this
if you want a primer
i wouldn't bother getting it
it's just not something i'd purchase
i didn't find it did anything for me at all
can't think of anyone i would recommend this to
it does not blur anything though.
not even going to bother trying to make this product work
i actually love everything clinique that i have ever tried
i would not waste my $ to buy this product.
doesn't do anything except make my skin feel disgusting
it does not blur whatsoever.
i would not recommend this product at all.
my makeup looking wrong
this doesn't accomplish any of the three things it claims really
while it does what is promised
the hydroblur moisturizer is not something i would recommend
made my makeup wear in a way that i didn't care for
i can't recommend it
so this doesn't apply well.
nothing special but does the job.
doesn't make me breakout as much
i wanted to like this
my makeup did not go on well over this
didn't give me any moisture whatsoever.
i get what they were trying to do here
it didn't give me all that much moisture
for me it doesn't help my makeup stay on any longer
i just wish it would have done everything the description stated
i do not have on any makeup
it didn't do anything great for my skin
it doesn't really do much
this doesn't do anything.
not sure i can even attempt to use the product do to how strong the scent is
i may be wrong
i didn't know why
my combination skin did not agree with this product
the wow effect was not the same
it's a fail for me
so not too bad
long lasting which i didn't love
sadly, this product didn't work for my skin.
we just didn't mesh well
i don't see what's so fascinating about this.
it's trying to do too much all in one cream
unfortunately it didn't treat my skin well
not because of how it works on my skin
because the product simply does not come out of the bottle
can't enjoy something no matter how good it is if it doesn't come out
not all the time
it's not a bad smell per say it is just too strong to have all over your face
not a deal breaker like others have said
i couldn't use this long enough to see any collagen benefit because it made me break out
i didn't put two
t might be great for you
didn't cause me to break out
i suppose it would be nice to have as a travel item since it does so many things in one
i can see why people recoil at it
it does have a strong sent however i didn't mind it
i really have not been convinced to ask for a sample or buy it for that matter
i don't know what all the stink is about this months box is
'm not sure if it
i did not find it greasy
it's message of what it is suppose to do as a product is too confusing
i can't even tell it's there
i did not find that it made them look any different
i also did not notice my skin feeling any firmer.
don't break out with just about anything
doesn't feel like it's doing much
i don't want to say it's a terrible product
this just doesn't do anything for me.
it doesn't do what it says it does
i probably will move on to something else
unfortunately, this did not work for me.
it didn't work at all
i don't think it's a terrible product
it is honestly not something i would repurchase
this product unfortunately was not for me :
and it does not go away.
it just didn't work for my skin
wasn't necessarily hyped about the price
you could see it through my primer
they do not show up on your skin
i didn't like how it felt on my skin
my skin did not look matte as it was promised
i did not like it at all
this one was just not for me
this did not work for me
as i didn't want to spend $68 if it didn't work
for $68, i want to notice a difference.
i did not like it
not sure what it is about tatcha
then walked around looking at other stuff so that my thinking about it didn't cause a placebo effect lol
i gave it a try and it did not do much for me.
i did not like the way it felt on my face
certainly not all over the t zone
i gotta say that it's a bit pricey
it does everything it says
i tried but couldn't get past the smell.
i didn't like the formula either.
not sure what i could do to get a different result
my skin didn't adversely react to it so that's always a plus
i didn't necessarily see anything miraculous with it either
have the same thing happen
i wish i could say i had the same experience as the majority of these reviews
i myself wouldn't recommend it if you have any sensitivity
i know if this is happening its not going to be meant for my type of skin
it didn't do super much for my skin
this product didn't do anything for me.
it did nothing for my skin
i didn't notice anything spectacular with my skin
i don't notice much difference.
i don't recommend it to others
truthfully i have not used it regularly because of the smell
i did not find it to be working well
i don't think i would recommend it to someone with my skin type
i did give it 3 stars because it's easy to apply
i would say avoid it
if you do use it
do not get this mask
didn't really see much of a difference
did not pay for this
i never thought it would fry me out
so okay, let's give it a try.
i do not recommend
i really dont think it did anything noticeable to my skin
this one honestly seems like a gimmick
and it didn't do any good to my skin
did nothing for my skin other than irritate it.
love origins mask, just not this.
i can't say much on the positive side
now i don't know if it would have been good or not because i'm all dried out
i did not experience the smell being overwhelming
i don't think it works since it did not do anything to my skin
only thing it did was waste time.
nice concept but just didn't deliver.
didn't do much for my skin.
it's not doing anything positive to my face,
just not for me.
nothing harsh enough to make her stop as she didn't use it near her eyes
i didn't feel that
i didn't like that
i guess my issue was that it didn't do anything for my skin
did not like at all the smell
not a horrible product by any means
i would actually give this 3.5 stars.
i don't think i will buy it again because it's not quite what i want
one great thing about it though is that it did not make me break out
i figured it would sink in
thinking maybe that was what was wrong
for me it doesn't live up to the hype
please get a sample first to make sure you are not bothered by the fragrance like i am
it's something i rather wasn't there
it does not linger
i did not feel or see anything working for me
scent which i could not st
otherwise i don't think you should use something this strong
i wanted to like it
it wasn't doing anything for my skin
i did not return it
that's not a reason to stop using something
at least it didn't make me break out
i did not notice either
sadly this product is not for me.
in effect does nothing
im not saying this is a bad product
i can't tell if it's done anything for fine lines or is "uplifting " as it claims
don't try to layer anything else above it
it's the only new product i've been using so yeah
i mean maybe it's the weather
either way i do not see the hype
i tried it anyway wanting to still give it a chance
it didn't seem to make bother it
no it is not a wonder product
i didn't use very much.
i don't recommend this for anyone.
did not like the product
i did not realize it contained so much perfume.
i didn't want to use 2 products
it didn't hydrate to the level i was expecting
however there are a couple of things that i didn't quite like
because it is pricey for what you get
this does not bother my skin
i would not try
it's pretty pricey for a product that i just do not like
many of the things i've tried do not agree with my skin
unfortunately it does not work on my skin type
i figured that this product would help with that
i didn't like that at all
at first i wasn't sure
didn't think it was working if it wasn't rich
other than that i really did love this
i like the fact that it wouldn't break me out
i wasn't expecting much
this cleanser did nothing for me
i feel that i just can't use it anymore
this product doesn't work for me.
didn't notice anything special about this one
it did the job
it'll do the job for the price that you could buy four others to do
this does not even compare
it did not react well with my skin
it's not the 60s anymore.
the reason i give it three stars is because it does not provide that much moisture
does not really st
i will most likely try something else when i'm done with this bottle
this was not it.
it didn't do anything it claimed to.
i would not recommend this for no one!
i wanted to like it
i don't think it did much for my skin
although i didn't hate it
box and i didn't care much for it.
didn't help my skin much
just not for me.
i wanted to like this
i felt the need to give it a shot to see what it could do
don't think i would have tried this had it not been in my play box
i didn't really notice anything special
don't think i'll be buying it
i can't get past that to really give the product a shot
i didn't care for the way my skin felt after 2 applications
that's all i could use it for
this moisturizer just did nothing for me
this did not give me enough moisture
it didn't do anything
it didn't sit well under the foundation
you're basically paying for alcahol
i'd have to say what was entirely offputting about it for me was the fragrance
there's nothing appealing to me about anything else either
this one just does not do the trick
just doesn't do anything for my skin
now i'm guessing it's from this
there are two reasons why i would not buy it
where you want it
not sure yet if this is a coincidence
i like it enough
i hardly use it because i haven't noticed a difference with using it
did not provide enough moisture
because there's 3 of what looks the same on the website
i did not expect the formula to be different as well
it just didn't work for my skin type
not saying its bad just didn't work for me.
i wonder if i will ever find a product that works for me
this moisturizer did not work for me at all !
it did nothing for me
this product just didn't work for my skin.
unfortunately this was not it.
'm not sure why it says online only
this was not one of them.
all in all just didn't impress me
it does not say what it does for me.
i truly have not found any other product at sephora that actually makes my skin matte like this one promises to do
honestly i won't hold that against it because is there really a product that can do both well at the same time??
if you use this alone
no matter what i did or how much of it i put on
this product does nothing it said it would.
not only did it not live up to its "matte" claim
this product did not work for me at all.
does not mattify at all.
unfortunately i didn't have the same luck.
it's good there's information on sephora's website because there's next to no information on the package
did what it was supposed to do
i guess if you want to use this as sort of a cream highlight it would work
i did not have acne
i guess i expected there to be something in it that would tingle
that didn't help either
it didn't work for me
it does not take makeup off
i don't recommend it.
the product doesn't last very long
i don't know if i could ever overlook the smell even though this oil worked
i don't know wether it works or not because i couldn't st
too bad to say i cant give a better review because it was the first
didn't do much for my complexion over all
did not sink in
did nothing for my acne
it is not a game changer
but it was a true failure .
didn't see much improvement i was just going to finish it
alone i don't recommend it
don't get it for that
i don't think i'll be rebuying it
it didn't work for me
this one did not do it for my skin complexion
i would not buy again because it's just not worth the $80
'm not sure if it is supposed to take a while to work or what
it just doesn't do anything at all on my skin
so this product was a big fail for me.
this one i was not a fan of at all
i wanted to like this so badly that i stuck with it in the case that i would be proven wrong
my skin was not having it
sadly made me wish i never used it.
i don't even want to give this one star.
so i tried it.
i didn't think anything of it though.
i didn't really notice a difference at all
don't even notice it
i can't give this a bad review
which it did not
maybe it's doing something i'm just not noticing or maybe my skin would be even worse without it
sadly this didn't work
thankfully it didn't break me out
it definitely did not help either
i did have to stop using it
what i don't like about this product is that it takes hours to soak into my skin no matter how little i put on
can't really comment on how it works
the only reason i gave it 2 stars so far is because the smell is horrible
this didn't prevent or treat my acne as it claims to do
save your money because this will not do it for you
it certainly didn't worsen my skin
just didn't work for my skin.
regarding the smell: it's really not bad.
this literally did nothing for my skin
two stars because while it did nothing for me it seems to work for others
honestly i can't even use it to give it a chance because the smell is that awful
sadly, this one did not produce for me.
however i dont see any result.
i can work with it, but it's not my favorite.
it has little bits of i don't know what in it
still didn't come off
i don't believe it's necessarily a bad product
it just didn't work for me
i don't think i would purchase this or have used it if it hadn't been in the play box
i don't see any results at all
mask smells good, not sure if it does anything.
why would you pay this much for something that feels like you made it at home?
does what it says
i don't think it does enough
did not do much.
that's about all the benefit i got from this one
didn't really notice any improvements.
i don't notice much of a difference in my skin
i cant imagine why they are even in there
the chunks can't possibly be doing that
i found this did little to nothing for me
t is kind of hard to apply
that doesn't seem to improve anything
just not a fan of this one
im so glad i did not buy it
it literally did nothing to my skin as it claim to
but overall did not work for me.
i did not enjoy the consistency or texture of this product
it literally does nothing
this mask certainly did not want to come off my face
all i can say about this thing
you really shouldn't be able to use the word "chunk" in a face mask review
seems like a bad call.
see if i notice any difference
i think this is a mask i can live without
it does not look cute
i didn't see any difference in my skin
cannot say i noticed any difference in my skin!
can't go wrong with that
it didn't make me break out or anything or
it didn't do anything good for my skin either?
did not see any difference really
i did not understand this product at all!
you can do without this product
it didn't bother me
i just didn't see that it did much.
the only thing i can say is that i was tempted to eat it because of the texture
other than that, it did nothing.
the chunks didn't bother me as much
after trying it not for me
i would have to agree with the others at this point i didn't notice anything different or any improvement at all
would not recommend this.
the tool doesn't seem like a smart idea
was not using anything else
i wanted to give it it's own chance
i would encourage you to still use it if it works for you
i don't know what it is in it that caused me to break out
t really didn't do anything for that
this did nothing for my oil control
it's definitely not the product i'd go to for evening out anything
i can't get an even amount of product to dispense from both sides no matter how i press down on it
this version of the product really doesn't do much of anything except make me break out
it's probably just me
found that i didn't like it on its own
i just used it alone with no makeup after to see how well it would do
he never comments on what i wear
it wasn't what i expected.
cannot understand why it's so pricey that way.
this cream did nothing for me
i seriously can not put that much on my face
tata you wind up doing the same thing that everyone else did with phenoxyethanol
the smell is unlike anything i've ever tried
had to toss it because it doesn't work
i love trying anything
and i honestly didn't notice any much difference.
i would definitely recommend this if you suffer from dark circles
i got a sample instead just because i wasn't sure if it would deliver as much as other tata harper products do
didn't do much for my eyes.
alas it was a fail for me
i didn't see any immediate results from the mask
i would not suggest this one
it's not going to do much else than leave your skin hydrated
it is not the black mask, please understand that.
it literally did nothing for my skin
not sure if it still works the same.
did i get a bad batch
you would probably only get a few uses out of it doing it that way
the bad reviews explaining that it didn't do anything i think we're expecting the same results as the black mask
didn't see any results.
t doesn't even matter
it just doesn't make my skin feel the same
i didn't see any difference in my skin besides it feeling softer
it's the first boscia product i have said that to
i don't like it as much anymore
idk if it was just a bad batch or what
didn't notice any huge difference
i didn't like this product at all.
goes on easy enough
i didn't notice any differences when i used this mask
if you really want dramatic results that last
did nothing for my skin.
this is not anything like the old one
love boscia but not this.
this product did not really work for me!
i feel like it doesn't address my actual undereye concerns
it's not for me
it doesn't work well with any of them
glad i didn't apply makeup today.
i wanted to like this
like someone else said
couldn't even give it to my friends
sorry but it's the truth.
do not spend your hard earned money on this!
i believe i am done with this line.
i don't think i can
i don't know if it's because right now i'm only using this product
i don't really care much about it
it's not really bad
it hasn't done anything to clear my acne up
i don't know why
that i have not gotten in a while
it did not help with the problems
i would not recommend
this doesn't work at all
i will be very upset if i can't return this horrible product
it says you're supposed to use about a pump for your whole face
not enough moisture for me at all
really want to like it but i just can't.
i can see how this doesn't agree with people who have sensitive skin
would not recommend this product
this mask really didn't do much for hydration or anything else
the night balm also didn't do anything to my skin
i couldn't make it the whole 10 minutes
the product is not bad
i just dont think it had any effects on my skin
unfortunately when i washed it off i couldn't see much of a difference
i'd notice if a product doesn't work
probably not enough to repurchase
i really don't think it's done anything for my skin
i don't find that the mask does anything for my skin
t should not bother anyone who might not like the warming sensation
'm guessing that is what happen with me
i would really suggest that
unfortunately, it didn't do anything for my skin.
i did not notice anything different afterwards.
but it just didn't work for me.
it just didn't make a difference
a lot of redness in my face which really just didn't agree with this mask
definitely wouldn't suggest it for anyone else who struggle with similar issues
y it didn't stings much
it just didn't work for me
this did not hydrate me at all
if you're reading this please do something about this smell
this did nothing for hydration
it didn't go away
i felt it did nothing
i can't continue to use this product.
but it didn't do anything for my skin.
it didn't clear it up at all
that's why i wanted to try it
it doesn't do anything special.
how does that happen :
nothing else was good about the product either
it did nothing to prevent
gave it 2 stars purely because it didn't do anything bad to my skin
guess i should have expected this not to smell that great
definitely apply this at night so that others don't smell this on you
wanted something that has something other than just benzoyl peroxide
i would recommend going to a sephora
this does indeed help with acne.
it's no miracle by any means.
it doesn't work for me
because i could tell a pimple was coming
it doesn't do what it says.
i wanted to love it though.
i didn't find this to be a luminizer at all!
maybe that doesn't make sense
i don't know if it normally comes like that
if i could give this no stars, i would.
i decided not to buy it
my own dumb mistake
it's just not what i wanted
'm hoping it doesn't end up breaking me out
do not waste 100 points trying this
it smells exactly like that
the smell seriously bothered me
not saying the product is bad
i would probably recommend this
i don't see any difference.
see if i notice a difference
perhaps the sample wasn't enough to effect a difference
i am glad i didn't spend the money on the normal size
i gave this product two stars as it didn't harm my skin
i liked it but not enough to purchase.
it's a miss for me.
i don't know if it from this product or a mask i use
it doesn't really do anything??
while it does say to massage it in
it does not claim to do much
does do what it states that is why i gave 3 stars
i didn't really notice
frankly, i think this is just a gimmick.
dosnt even do anything for your face
this product didn't really do anything at all lifting wise
i think it could just be a gimmick.
this is not for me
actually does something to your skin
when i actually tried it on
there are so many good products out there so don't waste your money on this one
not to mention, takes forever to remove.
im in my 20's so not much i can tell you about any wrinkles
i didn't break out
maybe that's why i broke out
it didn't necessarily do much to my skin in terms of its claims
i think it's from this product
didn't like this at all
though it did make a mess
maybe it was just a purge
i didn't have a great feeling about it
it wasn't a lot of product
this one wasn't working for me
save your money for something else
i do not recommend
it doesn't really do anything in terms of feeling
i never reach for this anymore because it is just too much work to take the dang thing off
neother time did i notice any results
honestly it works the same
i think it's really expensive cause they know people are going to think it's cool
since it didn't seem to do anything i am really let down
not sure why i needed to buy this
i didn't break out
i didn't see any difference after using one bottle
have not seen any results
this did not do the trick.
i can't see any difference in my skin
i say skip this one!
i am giving it 2 stars since it did not irritate my skin or make me break out
i honestly didn't notice any changes in my skin
i used exactly as they said
i really don't think i will re-purchase for this reason
i didn't like it.
i felt like i didn't put anything on my skin
it's possible that it could work for you
'm not out any $$
for a while i thought that would be impossible because the ingredients are so amazing
it's really disappointing that this product didn't work the wonders for me as it did so many others who left great reviews
it does not do anything for my makeup
not good but not bad.
wouldnt but it again and not worth the money
i wanted to love this beforehand i even tried it.
wanted to really like it, but nope
which also didn't work out for my skin
you might like this
after 2 years i didn't think it was doing everything it used to do for me
this cleanser just did not wow me.
don't get me wrong; it's okay.
it does the job.
because of the price i will not
i didn't leave the mask on nearly as long as i usually would because of the smell
so this didn't make a difference for me
but that's about it!
i didn't notice anything spectacular with it beyond just being a moisturizer that didn't bother my skin
didn't make my foundation look different either
does not do much in terms of hydration....
it seriously does nothing in terms of hydration
just doesn't work for me
didn't break me out
for the price it did not do what it claimed to do
i didn't notice the smell until i put it on my face
it didn't sink in either.
it did nothing for my face
it might not be your thing
it didnt do anything negative like break me out
beyond that i don't know that it's actually doing much other than hydrating
i can't tell if it's doing anything
maybe it will work for someone else.
i really did not like it at all.
there is nothing it can do but breaking me out.
if it's doing anything i can't tell
it didn't even make things better
didn't notice much else besides some added hydration
and this cream did nothing.
unfortunately it doesn't deliver
unfortunately it did not meet my expectations
i let me just add i do not have dry skin at all so this was a let down
it's not so good as the price you gotta pay.
of course like everyone else
i think just because something is more natural doesn't gurantee it will react well with your skin
i don't know exactly what ingredient made me break out
really can't say it improved my skin at all
i don't get it.
it's just not for me.
although it did not irritate my skin which was a bonus
t it just did not seem to do anything :/
it did nothing for my skin.
i don't know if i see huge differences in my skin
did nothing but waste my money.
i got this when i don't want to wear makeup
didn't like this at all.
i expected something that would not just cover redness
i can see that's not the case
it wasn't the case for me :
i ignored them thinking these people just didn't know what they were doing
not to mention, it did not cover the redness.
it doesn't work the same
you can not use all over face alone or you will look like a ghost
unfortunately it didn't work well for me
i really would like a refund on this product because i can't even wear it out
not all like the video made it look
although this product did not deliver on what it said in my opinion
i guess with all the silicants in it
it did not irritate me or anything though.
i would not recommend!
i wouldn't know because there isn't enough for a whole month
there is not enough to do your face neck
you can not open the bottle like you can on their other 2 serums- you definitely don't get to use all the product this way
good thing i guess is it didn't break me out either
t is simply too expensive for me
based on this i didn't use
because i honestly like it despite it's flaws
this product does what it claims
it cosmetics is really make by some ridiculous promises anymore
i tried it another time thinking i didn't use enough
at first i couldn't figure out why my skin was reacting so horribly
didn't like the feeling of it
it did nothing at all
actually do their job
not only did it not help with pore coverage
i wouldn't really recommend this one
however did nothing for pore coverage
that was the extent of what i liked about it
i don't know if i got a bad batch or something
without it it makes no difference
it literally does nothing for my face
makeup didn't last long
it didn't work at all on my face
s something wrong with the formula
this stuff did not help anything
the name is a little disappointing to me because it didn't deliver claims as i would have hoped
did not see a difference with fine lines or dark circles
it didn't helped me too much.
did nothing else what it proclaims to do
figured i would give it a go
it did nothing for my eyes
i used the entire jar because i'm not one of those whiny people that cries because they didn't see results after 5 days
it doesn't do anything for my skin.
you won't see any changes at all
this is not it
it removed hardly anything
this was a fail for me
we all know no cream is a miracle cream
makeup didn't sit any differently on the area
honestly i see no improvement
don't really need this
no change on anything i actually wanted to fix
it didn't do anything it's supposed to do.
upon using it, i didn't notice any change at all.
i know this was to blame
honestly i didn't even think it was the cream until i read more comments stating the same thing
it did not brighten my eye area.
he didn't see a difference either
save your almost $50 and purchase something else.
really didn't help dark circles
i used the entire container to be sure that it wasn't something that needed time for any lasting results
not only there were any
for me this product did not sit well under my makeup
it doesn't do anything
that wasn't the case
i didn't notice any improvement to my undereyes either
if you're anything like me
this cream did not work for me
it did not brighten
it doesn't smell great but that didn't bother me.
didn't do anything for fine lines or the under eye darkness
unfortunately this eye cream does nothing for me
this product is not it
but wrinkles should not be there yet.
even though it is ok
didn't see any difference in my under eye bags which aren't that bad
it wasn't for me
even if is not written
not sure who this would work for
'm not sure what caused this
i didn't notice even the tiniest difference
i really don't understand the hype on this one.
this product did absolutely nothing except maybe hydrate my under eye area
i really thought this product would diminish them
sadly after 7 days the only thing it does is moisturizers which i can spend $10 on a product that does the same
it doesn't do anything for my dark circles
it's not a miracle worker, it's just fine.
this just didn't work for me
it does nothing for either problem
i would not recommend this product.
i don't want to keep using even if it does help my skin because i can't st
will never recommend this to anyone
it didn't work for me
acne is just not something i'm willing to deal with no matter how great the product does on my wrinkles
it just doesn't do it for me
it didn't do that much for my face
it's okay nothing special
could not figure out why as i have not done anything different in my routine except this cream morning
it just didn't work for me
this is not the one
i just don't think this is the product for me.
i don't know if it helped
it did nothing for me
i guess the mantra is it either works miracles or nothing at all
something that never happens with my other cream that i cheated on with this one
maybe it's good for other people
it did not do the trick
i found the cream didn't do anything for me
this cream didn't do anything for me
but it really didn't do much.
it still did not absorb
i did try many times.
this cream doesn't really help it.
perhaps it just doesn't work for everyone!
i can't continue to use it
it didn't do much for me
it didn't break me out
it didn't make my skin look any better
it does what it is supposed to do
don't know how they would compare
initially it didn't bother me much
it wasn't doing anything to improve the claims it made such as redness
i could have just been going about it the wrong way
didn't want to wear a ton of makeup
don't feel i have to use something i don't like
this product fails to do everything it says is can
it didn't quite work out.
it's not as much as i was hoping for
i do not see myself repurchasing it
i could never use this alone.
which i didn't realize at first
i would not recommend for people with dark skin
though they probably wouldn't need this anyway
trying to see how it works with no makeup
harsh treatment does not work
unfortunately, this was not the case.
i really did not see much neutralization of my acne marks
completely contrasting what i thought the product would do for me based on it's description
for people who simply have a rosy complexion that they would like to cancel out
i never get acne as bad as i have it now
i would never just wear it alone since it doesn't provide much coverage
wanted to love it but didn't.
i do not recommend.
then whatever else you have on your face
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
this does not cover them
i just don't like it at all
this did not work for me at all.
it did nothing of the sort
didn't make enough difference in the redness to justify spending that much
which i never do.
i found any makeup i used on top didn't sit well or look good
not enough or well enough to spend this kind of money
just wasn't going to work for me, at all.
otherwise, you might end up like me.
doesn't really seem to do much other than that though
didn't think this was causing it
it didn't last very long for me
this really didn't help that much
however it's hard to find it in canada
needless to say i'll never be purchasing this.
didn't know what to expect
this product is not for me.
), and didn't work for me.
unfortunately i did not like this balm
this did not irritate my face or cause a breakout
i just don't love it either
didn't take all of my makeup off
can't say if it will break my out
i want to love it but i just don't.
it just didn't work for me
was worried about what it might do to our plumbing
unfortunately, i couldn't love this one.
it didn't feel as if all of my foundation was removed
it's worse offense is that it caused me to break out in places i never break out in
for that reason i did return this product.
i unfortunately cant say that this product has done anything for me
the negative i would have to say is that the consistency makes me cringe
i do find that it does do what it claims to do
i honestly don't notice a difference when i use this versus when i don't
i am seriously debating returning it because $38 is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing for me
it's not off or old, i just hate the smell.
i can't return it because it was in a set
there was nothing specifically wrong with this product
i unfortunately did not notice any instant results from this
everyone's skin is different so even though i didn't have great results it doesn't mean that others won't
not sure what is going on (too oily?)
i didn't notice anything special
i don't have many lines
so this isn't something i would have considered using if i hadn't gotten the sample
that it didn't give me any new breakouts
it hasn't given me any breakouts at all
it does not do well under makeup
otherwise it does not live up to its claims
it didn't work for me
it's better just to be used alone.
i wish i had believed the dozens of people who said that this smells bad
please listen to those of us who say it smells bad
it's expeennnsive for what it does
that wouldn't do me much good
smell it in the store before you commit folks.
the smell is not that bad like people complain in the reviews
i didn't like the smell of the product at all
it's so mild that i'm wondering what other reviewers are talking about
it didn't feel like my skin ever absorbed it.
i wish the underlying scent wasn't so strong or else this would've been added to my cart immediately
i definitely do not recommend.
i didn't care for the smell either.
if it doesn't work
unfortunately it didn't live up to claims
i just doesn't smell good which made me less likely to want to put this on night after night
this cream did not absorbe into my skin
it just does not work for me
no matter how long i wait
it just doesn't st
it did not work for me
it did not work so well under makeup
i just didn't get what was so new
this product does go a long way for your buck
not sure if this firmed or not
it didn't help at all
i definitely would not recommend
i did not like it all
wished it did not contain alcohol.
it smells so disgusting i never want to go anywhere near it
it did literally nothing
don't waste your money on something so pricey that literally does nothing
this product is an absolute no go for me bc it didn't do what it claimed
this is not for you
i can't imagine what i'd be going through if i had actually put it on my face
haven't found it yet
it does not clarify definitely.
not that i can tell
would not recommend this product to anyone.
i mean is guess the description is accurate
didn't know what to expect
just not for me.
i think when i run out i'm going to find something else
i returned it cause i didn't find any other good uses for it
let me repeat that.
i didn't quite like it
i did not like it
others have felt the exact same way that i did about this moisturizer
it was not okay
if i could say one positive thing about this moisturizer
i don't know how to feel about this
maybe it will work for you.
did not smooth out
no wonder as it did nothing
it just didn't do anything for me
it's just not for me
it just wasn't it
i left it on anyways
i don't wear makeup so maybe if it would be ok under makeup
does not make your skin feel anything
i would not recommend.
didnt notice anything that would wow me
it's strong enough to sting my eyes even if it's nowhere close to them
i just wasn't a fan of the two-step system
the only thing i didn't like was the fact that it made my face super dry
not sure if that's what it's supposed to do
i would recommend this if you do not wear any waterproof eye make-up
consistency that this was not oil
doesn't mean i don't think it will be great for others
will not do wonders for acne woes
just not for me
maybe it's because what i use now
it just didn't feel clean.
i did not love it
i do not like putting oil on my face
although this didn't have much of a scent
it's hard to describe, but i wasn't a fan.
didn't bother my eyes
i didn't find it very special
i don't think i'd purchase these
i really can't get over this smell
it's all i could think about it
so even if it cleansed well it didn't do it for me
i didn't like how the product felt as i was washing my face
i did just that
this didn't do it
like who doesn't want to try something from erno laszlo?
i didn't really love the smell of this nor the product
something didn't go well with my skin
it's not that moistured feel
i guess the soap bar its not for me:
so this was something i wanted to try
can't have one without the other
i personally don't like the feeling the bar alone leaves my skin with
because the bar doesn't help
i wasn't going to eat it
i can honestly say i don't ever get break outs
something just didn't agree with my chemistry.
however to formula did not work for me
i did like the smell
i would definitely not recommend this to anyone with dry skin
i did not notice a problem with the oil though.
i don't feel the urge to use lotion right after however it did not remove makeup very well
i did not feel it adequately cleaned my face like i hoped
it does not work the eye area which i dislike
i didn't want to continue using it
i hate that the oil does not have a pump.
i did not like the feel of either the bar or the oil
i would recommend that you try it yourself
i didn't really understand the oil either.
when i used the oil i didn't really see my makeup breaking up like i did with other oils
they were good but they didn't wow me.
i don't think this is the right formula for me.
this did not seem to actually clean my skin
i can't judge this mask fully quite yet because i just washed it off
this mask annoyed me so much that at the time i didn't even notice i just wanted it off my face
i don't know if this is a mask you have to use multiple times to see a result
i could hardly get through one use.
however it did nothing for my fine lines or dark circles
i so wanted to love this but i just don't.
i don't find that it's really done anything for me
i do not notice any change to my eye area
personally i don't see any changes
i didn't see any difference with this
that is probably the reason i rarely break out
you will know what this smell is
it does take of my makeup okay
i don't think i saw any difference
it didn't make anything worse
but it definitely didn't improve anything either.
it didn't do anything
maybe i'm using this wrong based on how many people loved it
didn't even smell good
it's basically a liquid-y thing-- did nothing for me
even if that's not the intention
it's not something i would buy
at least my 100 points didn't go to waste
do not waste your money on this!
this is not a cream
this has never happened with any moisturizers
i would not recommend this at all.
doesn't really do anything as a "moisturizer
if you're like me
don't get this product
didn't waste my money on this
it has so much sparkle in it i can't even go in public
except it isn't for me
it's just not for me
so i probably wouldn't use it on its own.
so glad i didn't actually pay full price for it
glad that i did, because i hate this product.
omg there is just so much wrong with this moisturizer i don't know where to start
i tried to do so
do not go anywhere near this
anyone who says otherwise must really love glitter
do not even think about it
people still asked me if they're shooting another twilight movie
just not for my skin i guess.
i would not wear this alone ever which is what it's being advertised for
just don't do the job that the br
keeps claiming it's supposed to do
i wasn't really having that
i can't image anyone over the age of nine wanting to use this product
i don't understand how this is a beauty trend.
i didn't notice anything
i honestly can't believe this has been dermatologist tested
i can't even be happy that i spent 100 points on this
thank god i only have tried this as a 100 point perk
maybe you've noticed that the reviews can go two ways
honestly i don't hate the product
it didn't do anything except moisturize for me
i even did a comparison of one eye with it
so the bright side is that i didn't pay any money for it
but if i did, i would return it asap.
did not like this at all.
it just did not do what it says
was not a fan of that either
i do not want my entire face to me highlighted
so let me tell you.
this isn't one of them
mariah were doing it
i don't ever see myself using it alone
i do not recommend this product.
never did i think it would just be a bunch of glitter
the idea to put it over your whole face is laughable
i would not recommend to anyone to use this as a regular moisturizer unless you want to be a disco ball fiasco
not to mention my h
i did not see this after i applied foundation so the shimmer didn't matter anyway
i didn't see any difference.
you don't need much
ladies do not waste your money on this.
the parts i didn't like was the microglitter
which is one thing i’m not a fan of with lancome
it didn’t do anything that other br
bland and didn't do a whole lot.
it's quite gross if you think about it.
while it was hydrating i didn't see any difference in the fine lines even though i used it for just over a week
it was so small that i do not really see any difference between the "before
i didn't see too much of a difference
didn't notice a huge difference
i did like the consistency
i did not see any instant results when using this product
i don't think i like it enough to stick with it to see long term results
that said this one didn't work for me.
for me this product did not work.
unfortunately i did not
i also didn't think the color matched me well.
it didn't do the job.
really didn't notice a difference in my dark eye circles
is the reason why
i think i might gift it to my mom who doesn't wear makeup
just not sure if it's making any long term changes since
i personally saw no difference after using the product
because i had such a small sample i honestly cant tell much besides the fact i love the texture
i don't see any difference
kind of bummed was hopeing it would work or at least help
i really couldn't use the product long anough to see if it made any difference
maybe it's just me
i didn't notice a single change or difference
maybe the sample size that they sent was not enough for me to see a change
i didn't see crazy results
does basically nothing otherwise
i wasnt too sure what this product would do before i got it
did not use it any longer because of this
i did not see any hydrating effect
that does not in anyway influence my opinion on products
i didn't see much of a difference with this cream
didn't hydrate my undereyes as much as i wanted
i would not purchase it myself
unfortunately there wasn't enough product in the sample to last that long
i suppose this item could be loved by many people
it's not an item that really fits my routine or my concerns
didn't really notice a difference.
don't know if makeup would run with it or not
couldn't really tell a difference
just not something i need at the moment.
the problem for me was that it just didn't agree with my skin
it just didn't work
didn't see any difference.
it doesn't make me break out
not sure about this price point tho.
so maybe that's why it didn't do anything for me
this did nothing for me.
it certainly doesn't firm either
this doesn't seem to help me.
this product didn't change the appearance of them at all
i prefer to look for it somewhere else
the fragrance was just not what i expected from a somerville product
it didn't do anything special for me of course since my age
it doesn't do anything special
i didn't dare put it on my face
i am surprised kate would use so much chemical fragrance when it's not good for skin in the first place
i would not recommend this to anyone.
while i like the results i can't see myself paying for something that smells like this
i couldn't find a way to only use this.
i mean it's such a minuscule amount i can use that i very strong doubts that's it doing anything beneficial for my skin
move on to something else
this does not work for me
i don't notice any improvements on my skin neither
i do not want people to see my skin like that
i just hate the look of it on
this one didn't really do it for me.
did nothing to help the longevity of my makeup
i do not like this item for my skin
that exactly what this did to my skin when i tried to use it as a primer
unfortunately it just did not do what i thought it would
i wouldn't say there's anything necessarily priming about it
not gonna lie i feel kind of duped
not sure what's up with that
it doesn't really do much else
if it didn't give me pimples i would have liked it
maybe i got a dud
i even had my boyfriend smell it to make sure i wasn't crazy
i really didn't like this product.
for some reason it didn't sink into my skin.
this just didn't work
it just wouldn't sit on parts of my face
this just wasn't it for me
this just did not agree with my skin.
doesn't work well as a primer on my skin it didn't hold any foundation
though ingredients do not mention any
i don't know what was in this that didn't agree with me
sadly it just didn't work.
no matter what i would do or how little i would use it would pill up on my skin
it did the same thing
did not do much at all for me.
sadly it did not work for me
just didn't deliver what it advertised
this is not for you
anyone else have this issue?
i wouldn't try it
i really don't recommend this.
which is the opposite of what it's supposed to do
it wasn't a bad product
for the price i guess this product is okay
i didn't know it was so gentle
this one is not one of them
i can't speak for the others
the charcoal one alone has made me never want to try any of the other cleansers in this line
it's not that at all
said it didn't break her out
also didn't really see any difference
if you can afford it
they did not seem right because it did not say to rinse
it did not seem to perform better than others i have tried
did not agree with me at all.
it does not do any of the other claims
this does not rewind time at all
this honestly did nothing to hide them
the product did nothing to my skin.
not sure if it's doing anything to my skin
it doesn't do much outside of that.
it didn't break me out.
leaving me wondering whether or not i applied enough
i just didn't notice a difference in my face after putting it on
i didn't notice a difference when putting this on
this product or why it didn't work for me
this product didn't do anything.
based on the other rave reviews i would definitely say it's worth trying it out for yourself
i just don't want to smell my face
i do not recommend this product.
i am not sure about this product.
ask for a sample just so you know if you like this formula or not before investing a lot of money
this product unfortunately did not work for me.
it didn't make my face break out
i honestly couldn't tell too much of a difference
did not work well with my foundation
if anything i'd stick with using it on my h
didn't perform well for my skin type which is combo
it's nothing special in my opinion
not a fan of this product
this unfortunately is not it
silly me bought the full sized bottle just because i thought it wasn't the problem
im not sure about the primer part of it
i wish this didn't have a scent because it seems like it would be a great product
the product left glitter all over my face that didn't want to come off no matter what i did to remove it
it did not improve my skin at all
i even had people say how tired i looked
i know what i want
that's all it does
i don't hate it but i won't buy again
not terrible but won't be repurchasing.
it didn't do anything
it just doesn't do anything
i will say my skin is kind of a trainwreck
i wish they could find better ingredients
i love the texture but it's just not for me.
well, this was not the answer.
it also did not seem to soak in my skin well
i did not see any difference using it
my other moisturizer did not cause this
i can't afford $50 every month and a half.
honestly i just didn't really like it.
it does it's job
i actually like this.
personally i didn't like this product.
nope did the same thing
t was simply devastating
this just doesn't do it for me
for those of you who don't know
it didn't do much of anything
didn't like the smell
didn't irritate or anything though.
it is not that
otherwise i love the idea
i didn't really notice much of a difference after trying the product
this is not that at all
i needed something to even out my skin tone that wont clog my porres
i apply only where needed so you can tell if you really look i used something on my face
it doesn't work for me
it did seem to even out my color
i could not tell that this did anything to help my pores look smaller
i wanted to like this
just could not st
did not do anything for my skin
i didn't notice anything
i don't think this is a bad product
needless to say i regret this $70 purchase.
when i did use it
it does do what it says
i didn't find it useful​ as a primer.
not enough to offend or ruin your look
i actually do like the product itself
i don't think this is it.
i do not recommend applying this before
it does nothing for me when applied before makeup
maybe i am using this wrong.
so i don't think there is much product.
the only reason i gave it two stars is it didn't break me out
this didn't work out for me
i gave it two stars because i guess if your just using it to mattify your skin with out any foundation
i couldn't even keep it on for 5 minutes
would not recommend this to anyone
thinking that an actual $500 could get me all the full size products makes me angry
was surprised it didn't really absorb it
it just smells so much like sunscreen which is something else that i did not like
i am not sure if i would actually buy this product
not sure if it was the spf in it or what
my skin just wouldn't take it all in
it's not doing your skin any favors
that does not mean it is not taking place
i don't really have fine lines yet
i actually like the smell
i just don't love it enough to repurchase it
sadly didn't wow me.
even if it does
it just was not worth it to me for the price if it isn't going to do anything for my skin
it just does not work for me
unfortunately there was nothing baby like about my skin after using this:
this is not to say that other drunk elephant products will do the same
it didn't work for me at all
does nothing it claims to do.
did not get absorbed
the good news is this did not break me out
so unfortunately i don't know what happened
i honestly see no difference with this product.
i can't justify the 80 bucks.
i would say it's at least safe to try.
others seem to love it.
this product did nothing for me
this one however is not for me.
i could not use this product.
that's ok, i thought, it will probably resolve.
this would have done real damage to my skin if i would have tried to stupidly tough it out for any length of time
i cannot imagine what would have happened.
i wasn't too sure about it in store
this just goes to show you not all skin is the same
i kept using it because i thought it may be something else in my routine or that my skin was having a moment
i decided not to use anything
i did love this
can honestly say i'm let down by this product
it didn't dry me out per say
it didn't give me any benefits
this time it didn't work.
i don't feel that it does much for my skin
i would not recommend.
even though i love boscia products
it just did not absorb
i feel like this product doesn't compare to it
while this product is not terrible it did not amaze me either
it did not do anything more or different then regular argan oil
would gladly spend more if it did what it claimed
it doesn't do any of the things that it claims
i did not see any difference it is just a regular face oil
i didn't notice any difference between this
i can't even tell you if this works well or what it does because i had to wash it off my face within 5 seconds
unfortunately i can't speak to the long term benefits of this cream because my skin didn't do well with it
it just didn't work for me
this moisturizer did not work for me
i did not agree with the smell
did not see much difference
so, i did like this product.
however, i don't think my skin did.
did anyone else experience white bumps from this?
just to know which ones arent working for me
it just not work on my skin
i just couldn't because despite its claims
i didn't notice a difference in my skin
it's not something i'd want to keep using on my face
if you use it, maybe don't use it everyday.
no matter what i do
i'll report back if my skin doesn't clear up as i expect it to
i dont know what to do with this jar since i couldnt return or use it anymore
unfortunately it didn't help with breakouts
i can't imagine ever using this during the summer
i still say give it a try
i just think my skin didn't like it
don't be shocked if your skin doesn't like it
i guess my face just didn't like it
so you don't need to use much at all
i honestly have no clue how i'm going to use it all up
if i don't put makeup on afterwards
it never really did sink into my skin
don't have wear it at night anymore
i would if the maybe the formula
it wasn't enough hydration for me
sadly i did not notice a difference in my skin after use
it definitely does not agree with my skin.
this does not happen with any other cleanser.
this cleanser really doesn't do anything
it didn't clear my skin up at all
i would no repurchase myself because it did not work for me
what i can't get past though
this product unfortunately isn't for me.
this cleanser did the opposite of what it's suppose to do
it didn't feel dirty either
cannot say for sure which caused the issue
didn't notice any improvements
from there on out the breakouts did not stop
did not do anything to correct the dark circles
you do not see it
i don't see any difference in anything that it is supposed to improve upon
honestly not until a few years ago while i was living in sydney
sadly, i did not.
no one product will do the trick for you
i honestly do not get the price tag
i don't get the hype.
some people swear by it
it doesn't give me that wow factor?
don't get me wrong, it's good.
do the same if not more
this just did not work to keep it matte
it didn't do anything special for my skin.
did not change anything about my skin
it proofs how with good marketing you can sell garbage to stupid rich people
not sure why this didn't work for me like everyone else
it literally did nothing.
for years i wondered if this cream would be the answer to my worries
i don't know how i missed this
i didn't see any difference in my skin
not enough to make me keep using this
i didn't see a change good or bad
i decided to give it a try anyway because i generally like the philosophy br
i wasn't expecting anything drastic
i do not recommend.
it didn't repair at all
would not recommend it for that skin type
i didn't realize this was the same as 100 pt perk reward
time will tell i guess
i didn't notice much difference when it came to skin texture
it didn't work wonders for me like i had hoped
i tried both and didn't love either way.
i don't recommend this
t doesn't do much for my skin
i would recommend this product to someone who likes to walk out of the house with no makeup on
not enough to be game changing
it did an okay job
i personally prefer to wear this on the days were i dont wear makeup
not like when i use this product
at first i was a little confused on how i was supposed to apply this product
what is what meant for
i didn't feel like it did an adequate job of blurring to be worn on its own
first, let's be clear, this is not a primer.
however it just didn't seem well suited to my skin type
it just didn't work for me
it didn't do much for me
liked that i didn't break out.
dark circles -don't have them so don't know
it just didn't do anything
nothing seems to work for them
loosing hope i'll find anything to help!
i didn't notice any results beyond that
maybe i didn't give it enough time?
i don't see any difference
the dark circles didn't go anywhere
found that this product did nothing to help that at all
this was not it
unfortunately this didn't do much for that nor my fine lines
i don't think it's worth buying ya not their best product
unfortunately something in this does not agree with my skin
what i normally like to do
though i can't say this dried me out
they look exactly the same
i guess it doesn't agree with my sensitive
i gave this one star because this product doesn't contri
i didn't realize how small this is
it also didn't work well under makeup or concealer no matter how long i allowed the product to set into my under eye area
i don't think i love it either
i can honestly say i use it
it didn't seem to make a difference in hydration
after using this cream for about three weeks i can honestly say i haven't seen a difference at all
don't get me wrong
i don't see any difference
y'all should get that.
it really didn't work for me
mind you i do not use makeup
it was just not for me
doesn't leave my face clear like other products i used
just didn't work like i expected.
i would not reccomend this to anyone with my skin type
can say confidently that this one is really not that potent
i don't think i would purchase
it's something that i would likely purchase on my own
i did love the smell
i really didn't like it
it really didn't do much for my skin
didn't do anything as far as oil control goes
not sure if it's me or the lotion
i think that might be why.
does not control oil.
both of which i love because they do not overdry my skin
have yet to find a moisturizer that does what it claims to do
i did notice that it didn't make me as oily
i didn't love this like i thought i would
i also thought that it did matify my skin.
that's about the best thing i can say about it
i didn't feel like it controlled the oil
my skin did not react well to the formula
your experience with this product isn't anywhere near as bad as mine was
it was the only moisturizer that didn't break me out
i tried it 3 times and did not like it at all.
i also feel it did not help with oil control.
it just did not work for my skin
it didn't work for me
unfortunately it did not work for me
was disappointed because this is just a normal moisturizer that doesn't do anything to control my oil
just the same i can't use it even by itself without makeup
didn't make me breakout
i will give my honest opinion
which is not that big of deal to me
for me, it didn't bother me.
it did not help to keep my oil under control
wasn't sure what to expect with this product
i didn't really notice a difference with this
this has not happened with other moisturizers
it's not a bad product
i personally did not feel the smell was worth putting up with as my t zone was as oily as ever
honestly i didn't notice a difference
unless you've done a lot of research
i do not recommend this product
i can't really tell if this is doing anything for my skin
i don't think it was my fault but you never know.
i didn't notice any difference at all.
this truly did nothing
it sure didn't do anything to moisturize it
it did nothing at all for me
i do not get close to my actual eyes with this
it just didn't work for me
i don't think it's that strong
i don't think is for everyone
i could be wrong
just didn't work for me
well then it's not that bad for a couple of hours wear time
i am shocked at how many people are not mentioning how unblendable this stuff really is
this is not for you
probably would not repurchase because it doesn't does really moisturize
i seriously can't even tell there's moisturizer in the product because when you apply it
that is not the case!
this one doesn't work for me
i wouldn't know because i'm too fair to use it
this product didn't cause breakouts
it doesn't do anything
i don't see any changes yet
t doesn't qualify as "miracle"
i don't think it was for me
i would definately try it before you buy it
it's not a super strong smell so maybe it doesn't bother some
it also did nothing to my skin other than to break me out
it's a no from me....
didn't do anything special
i did use it one day
unfortunately i know this sample will not be enough to try it for no more than a week to give a good review
i didn't see any improvements
i rarely return anything
didn't notice any change in my skin.
i guess it's because it's not oil free.
doesn't seem to do much else though.
it doesn't last long either
i would never buy this product again because it's so bad
this particular line did nothing for me
this particular line did nothing for me
not for my skin type:
what i found is it does not seem to do anything for me
not great, but not bad either.
it didn't do anything awful to my skin
it just didn't do anything at all
nothing else really wrong with it.
i wanted to believe the hype about this stuff
i can't put it on my face otherwise i break out
i wanted to like it
or anything else that might have affected it
honestly not work the price
if it doesn't work
it didn't really do much for my skin.
i decided i needed to try this stuff out
sadly, i didn't like it.
i won't be ordering anymore
it did not show enough results for me to justify buying it again
it did nothing to my skin
that's the only thing i would use it for
t was a no brainer to get it
i didn't even use that much.
not only that it does not absorb
i will not be returning as i can say that i do love it for my lips before applying lipstick
i am not entirely sure what the purpose of this oil is
t can give my highlighter more a dramatic look which is did
did not help my makeup go on smoother
honestly i dont know what the big fuss is about.
but it is not any of the things it claims to be.
i also didn't like the smell at first
it's not for me
it wasn't for me
to me this oil did nothing
did not make a difference in my make up application
soooo for me the hype was not true
that also doesn't do anything for me either
#notimpressed it literally did nothing for me skin
unfortunately the hype it's bigger that the expectations maybe you should try it before buy it
i don't break out
this product does not do anything to warrant the cost
didn't make me break out or anything
hadn't added anything new to my routine
it honestly didn't do much for me
this did nothing for me
why are people so obsessed?
then i realized it's water
was a fail for me
big fail for me
not sure how people say this smells good did i get a dud?
for me, it didn't do much.
other than that did not get any use out of it
i didn't notice much difference after makeup
in reality it did not do much for me personally.
i would not recommend this product.
does nothing special it's just a hype
t do much for my fine line
although it does sink right in
it did nothing for my skin
i don't understand the hype of it personally.
i don't mind that at all
do not recommend this at all.
it's very obvious that they did it based on whatever benefits they get
if anyone has any suggestions please let me know.
it just doesn't seem to work for me
the product itself did not blow me away
sadly i don't think this is something i'll re-purchase
it did feel tacky when i let it sit
don't get me wrong
the fact that i can still smell it on me tells me it's still on my face
so why isn't my makeup?????
not sure if this actually works used it twice
i know some people said it does for them
it didn't for me
this may not be for you
know how it works
it's supposed to go on your face
from the moment i used this product i knew it wasn't going to benefit my skin
i didn't feel as though this did anything for my skin
didn't do anything to my skin or appearance of makeup
wouldn't even buy it if it was $15 at the drugstore
this just didn't perform for me.
i do not really know what i was expecting for this to do
i do not use foundation
i learned my lesson that internet hype is sometimes just that or paid for
i really wish i could love it
it just didn't work for me
i didn't like how it felt when on my skin
this product doesn't do anything
couldn't wait to try it
it really didn't do anything for me.
it didn't improve my skin's appearance in any way
it's really not all it is hyped up to be.
it didn't make my face break out terribly
this just didn't do anything for me.
it didn't make much of a difference in the finish of my makeup
i so not recommend it
my skin just didn't what so ever i started breaking out in parts were i never break out it smells amazing
i don't really notice no benefits from it thinking about returning it
i d not feel it did much other than sink into my skin
t does not bother me
it may for someone who does
i didn't notice it doing anything for my skin.
i wanted to like it but i just can't.
it did remove all the makeup so that's the only thing i liked
so sad it didn't work for me.
told me if that doesn't help to return the product
it did nothing for my eye makeup
it didn't remove my makeup so what's the point
even if they are not waterproof
didn't notice any results
this isn't one of them
the product really doesn't stand out in any way.
hardly did anything at all
won't be using it anymore
however i couldn't st
it didn't help with oil control
which i was dumb enough not to realize until i looked in the mirror one day
this, i'm sad to say didn't work.
for the age denfese not sure how well that part works tho
i would recommend doing what i did
i am not crazy about it
i didn't see much of a difference after using this
it did not deliver on its' description
i don't feel like it did anything for my pores at all
that, i did not enjoy.
if it ain't broken, don't fix it.
it also fails to do the one job it was created to do: it doesn't hydrate at all
i assume that is because sephora does not want my negative review on this item
do no be fooled by those asserting that this is simply a renaming
i didn't changed anything in my routine except trying this
it does the job
i don't know how to describe it
a few things i wish though
i know most people aren't bothered by fragrance
this product is not for you
can't speak to how well it works
did not do anything for my pores at all.
i mean the reviews are bomb right?
i figured i might as well try another time because it does say two uses
i know this doesn't bother everyone
at least for me it didn't
if you tried to apply anything over it
really didn't notice much of an improvement at all
so it didn't do anything for me!
i don't just mean when i put it on
unfortunately something seems to seriously be wrong with the package
i wonder if the shipment is lost or something because i've never experienced something so bizarre
if you really want it find it in store or somewhere else
i don't feel like it does anything for my skin
unfortunately, it didn't do anything for my skin.
did not hydrate at all
did this cause me to break out?
unlike any other i have ever tried
this did nothing to my face afterwords
i would not recommend.
perhaps i didn't leave it on long enough
didn't feel it did much to clear up my readiness
it was almost like i couldn't form a real opinion of this mask or decide if it was even doing anything
directions say you can remove mask when done
i can't imagine what damage would have been done had i been wearing acrylics
so you need to lie down while it's on.
it's cool, but didn't do too much for me.
i didn't notice much of a difference in my skin
just didn't get anything from it
i guess it just didn't work for me.
thought i would try it
i can say that there was little to no change in my skin after using this mask
i must say i wanted to love this product!
the break out in not only my t zone
this mask did nothing for my skin.
i really didn't notice much
this mask was not for me.
yes, it was cooling, but that's about it?
i could just feel the product sitting on my face as if it did not sink into my skin
i used it exactly as it said
i honestly got nothing from this mask
t definitely does work
didnt do anything on my skin.
i will say one thing.
it is not cheap
just wasn't for me
just didn't sit well with my skin type
i didn't think anything was wrong until now
i wouldn't recommend it
this is not the one for me or my skin type
didn't break me out
this simply was not hydrating enough for me.
my skin just didn't need it.
this product did it
this just didn't work for me.
which i'm just not seeing
i don't hate it but i don't love it either.
it's not something i'll buy again
sadly the product did not
it's not a miracle worker like everyone seems to be saying
i did not see a difference in my pore size at all
i figured why not try it?
i don't break out
i can see how people could like it
not a miracle worker like everyone says.
i can't justify it
this breakout was bad enough for me not to want to give the product another try
only gave 2 stars because it did nothing to harm my skin
for some reason it didn't feel as smooth as the sample
i don't know why they called it "the water cream" because i would call it "the oil cream"
i didn't notice a difference while using it
unfortunately it wasn't a match for my skin.
while i know one little one time sample isn't enough to truly test a product out
will have to return for a refund because it's not living up to the hype for me
but for me, it was not.
i didn't notice anything special.
this eye cream didn't work for me.
unfortunately i saw no change
this did absolutely nothing for my little lines underneath my eyes nor did it brighten the area
perhaps not if you're my age
this cream did not give me any hydration
this did nothing for my skin
this did nothing for my skin except make it break out
i don't know what is going on with these new ones
din't use for that long so did not see much of a difference in my skin
would be a nice product if it wasn't a pump bottle i suppose
it did nothing for my skin unfortunately.
hoping this works for other people because it didn't work for me :/
it did not wear under makeup well either
it didn't work well for me
that was not the case
this was not it
too bad that so many companies add "fragrance" to products: bc there's no way to know exactly what it is due to labeling laws
fragrance could mean anything
i'd say this one is for you
it was impossible to wear it under makeup because it didn't get absorbed
i find it amazing most people don't talk about the smell
i didn't know if i could continue to use it
that's the only reason
really just like anything else you can get on the market
it didn't really do anything
not what i was hoping for though
i don't think i'm going to keep this mask.
i did not even try to put on eyelids for that reason
that wasn't the case
didn't think anything of it
this did the exact opposite of what i was hoping.
unfortunately it's going back.
it did not improve my fine lines or dark circles whatsoever
honestly i haven't seen any real improvement since using it
i really don't see any benefits
the product inside the packaging does not do anything for me personally
i did want to give this product a fair shot
unfortunately that did not prove to be worth it in my case
while their is nothing wrong with it
that i can't live without
let's start of by saying
it also didn't really do much
i just don't see any benefits from using it.
i didn't really see any results especially for the price
i didn't see much change in fine lines.
it did not moisturize and i saw nothing.
really don't see how they could have been absorbed in the skin
didn't see any improvement at all.
i tried it- didn't see much improvement at all.
do not buy as it is disgusting
it also did nothing for oilness or my texture.
it does not do anything to my skin.
if that makes any sense
i also do not like the way it suds up.
this product just didn't work for me
i wasn't expecting this to be a twist product
either way it shouldn't be an issue
unfortunately, i just can't love it.
i hope it works for other people because it sure didn't for me
nothing else in my routine changed
although i had to return this product because it didn't work for me
i would still recommend others trying it
i wasn't the only one
not sure if mine was a defect
it was not right for my skin type
love all the ones i've tried
like but not a love!
not gentle enough on the yes
you can lose product
it was ok otherwise
i did not have breakouts though
and even the lala didn't make it feel better.
i love everything else
even this weirds me out
did not expect it to be so harsh on the eyes
do not take this product around your eyes
i've never had anything sting so bad
i can't force my skin to accept this stuff
over all it did what it was intended to do
it honestly didn't do anything
and dont even get me start on those stupid beads.
didn't foam much nor did it take off my makeup well
it had one thing that i couldn't get over
i don't really like either
it doesn't really do anything
which i don't believe it claims
i would recommend this for someone who does not have problem skin
just because it has "water" in the name doesn't mean that it's oil free
unfortunately i can't say that i did
hard to say if it works or not when you only get 2-3 use out of this
maybe not a match to my skin.
i also don't think it did anything.
i didn't notice a difference after taking it off.
although i must say
i mean i wasn't expecting much cause i basically bought it for the memes
it didn't do anything exciting for my skin.
lets just say they look like samples.
i did not know just how ridiculously tiny this thing is
i would not recommend
that didn't reduce or go away
smells too bad with not enough result.
i wouldn't pay $15 for this, sadly.
i could not get past the god awful smell.
didn't notice a big change
this did the absolute opposite of what it promised
when i say you get almost no product for a high price i mean it
i am not sure if i would purchase this product
if i say so myself
it is nothing that you can't live on your face with for 20 minutes
as far as the claims it does what it says it's going to do however i don't see too much of a difference in my pores
it didn't work for me at all
i didn't really think it did anything.
i just didn't notice any change to my skin before
can't believe that they put their name on it
i gave it 3 stars because i do like it.
i even like the smell that some people dislike
i don't need anything else
i don't know if it is helping my skin.
it does not last
which i'm not sure it's going to
not gonna get as many washes out of it as suggested
this one didn't really work for me unfortunately
just not for me!
i will say that i get the hype around it.
some reviews say that it doesn't make them break out
others say that it does
but it didn't do a thing to my skin.
no matter how i've used it
you probably want this because of the hype
it's just not me
i didn't see any amazing results from this
look for something else
it didn't make me break out though
however i couldn't get over the terrible consistency of the product
it didn't really help
the hype was not real on this one.
i wouldn't recommend this!
i feel like it doesn't last for long
don't see any change in my skin
this product didn't do anything
something i don't normally do
i didn't notice this doing anything for my skin.
can't determine whether or not it actually works
i just can't not comment on the smell: like rotten fish
that's the only good thing i have to say about this product
this might work for someone else
clearly it's not for me
unfortunately after using three times i can't take it anymore
just not the results
i would go for something else
i can't stand it.
not a need to have item
it really did none of that
5 or 6 drops is not enough to cover my entire face
i just don't see a difference in my skin
it just didn't work for me
didn't notice until i got home
i didn't get a lot out of it
i did not really see a drastic difference.
unfortunately that's not what happen
it didn't make me break out
smell didn't bother me
that did not happen
i think it would be a great product if your skin doesn't react to it
just not for me.
i also didn't care for the smell.
this product did some of the things it promised
this didn't work for me
this didn't do that for me
this oil does nothing
i am still wondering whether this stuff does anything at all to my skin
i do not see any long term effects as yet
i dont know if this stuff was on the delivery truck too long
see how it goes
this one just did not live up to all the 5 star reviews
do not buy this stuff.
they say you need to use a product for a month to really show any results
i wish this didn't contain the gold
i don't think this did anything for me except cause problems with my skin
this did nothing for me
if you are not either of those, give it a shot.
if i can wear them over night that's a plus too
just can't tell if it's really worth it or not
it didn't do anything positive either
i wouldn't spend $25 on this.
thought this might help
this isn't anything even close to a mask.
just not for me
i don't care for it at all.
with that being said if it doesn't break you out it would be a great moisturizer
i really didn't like this moisturizer.
i would recommend trying
not everyone has skin meant for this product
it didn't weigh me down
the only thing i didn't like about it is the smell
i did not enjoy this product.
don't need to use a lot
so unfortunately i'll have to stop using this item
i would like to say that i love the smell of this product
i actually love this!
if that doesn't bother you than i would definitely recommend it
this product just didn't do it for me
it might not be enough
i would not recommend this
i like almost everything they make.
for me it did nothing
it doesn't do anything though.
this doesn't do any of that.
it doesn't do anything at all.
not too sure what happened considering i use aha masks
this mask didn't do anything it claims to do.
i didn't find this to be helpful at all
it smells so awful that i couldn't even put it on my face
unfortunately it's not the mask for me
i didn't expect to breakout with this mask.
t seemed like a good time to try it out
i try it for like 2 weeks still see no difference at all i wanna love it
this did nothing for my skin.
didn't notice a difference so this is going back
i would ask for a sample before trying this as it seems that it's worked for others
i didn't notice any difference in my skin
i can't believe it!!
that's just not what you wanna hear several times a day
doesn't offer much coverage
didn't even use all of it because it was awful
i didn't wash it off because i figured the product might take a while to absorb
sadly it didn't workout for me
it didn't offer much
that is what i wanted this for
sadly it didn't work for me
didn't cover that well
if you're willing to pay
i'd use this prodict again if it weren't so pricey
didn't sit well on my skin
think that is what it is from
i didn't see any other results than that.
however i don't think testing this product for 7 days was actually enough time to see actual changes in my skin
however i did enjoy it
don't think it's possible to expect from any br
did not see an improvement in my texture
would not buy it myself
i didn't see any results
i didn't notice anything spectacular
it's just as good as anything else out there
it wasn't anything i couldn't find elsewhere
basically, it's nice but not a must have.
i don't think i had enough product to test it out fully
i didn't notice any difference in my skin except the #clarins #doubleserum did hydrate my skin a lot
however i did not notice much else from using it
i didn't hate it but i also didn't love it.
my skin tone didn't change at all either.
the only one i could say was my skin did feel a touch softer after
mind you i'm only 23yrs old so a drastic change was not going to happened
however it simply is not a product that i can use
i am glad i didn't shell out the $$$ to purchase it
do not see any changes.
i did not experience any improvement in my dark circles or fine lines while i tried it
this stuff does nothing
didn't get many uses out of it
not sure that it did anything other than hydrate.
did not live up to it
it does not work
it did not help my breakouts
hard to not waste product
i wouldn't waste my money on this product.
it's never just one
yep, you guessed it ,no difference .
but not for me .
fragrance doesn't bother you this might be a good option
t annoys me even more so when i see this kind of stuff
so to manipulate that is just so wrong
that's why i can't trust this company
oh, and their face ask doesn't even work!
i wasn't bothered by the smell
i don't know why kiehl's had to go
all dark spots look exactly the same.
it's not the best out there
while this didn't make me break out
i didn't notice any difference after 2 months use
this really didn't do much for me at all.
i did not see any differences
it didn't really do much
i know it was this product because it is the only product i changed in my routine
i didn't know if it was just my specific routine
not sure if i left it to dry long enough?
(10 minutes) but this simply didn't work for me!
i like this product it does exactly what it says that it will do
can tell that it works
unfortunately, it hasn't do so yet.
i didn't mind it though
i don't think it has made a difference in my skin whatsoever
this product just didn't work out for me.
sadly this cream didn't work for me.
which some people hate
also i have to say the smell it's too strong.
so that's why i'm giving it two stars
i do not recommend buying this
would not suggest this product.
i don't think it's the right product for me
it's just not for my skin
i couldn't decide if i loved it or not the first time around
i didn't find that this was anything life changing
was hoping it didn't break me out
it didn't break out my skin
the thing that i could not st
i didn't find that this cleanser did what the description said it would do
it didn't take my makeup off well
i didn't see any change
i felt like it really didn't do anything for my skin
i guess if you just need a basic cleanser
otherwise i would look into getting something else
i do not want that
this is not the one
i just don't like what it does to my skin
not the result i would want from a face cleanser
luckily it didn't break me out.
so don't even bother
maybe why you get it for a reasonable price....
this didn't work for me
it does the job
for the most part it seems to do the same as everything else i've used
this just didn't work for my combo
not necessarily one of my favorite oh products
alas, that is not the case.
i do use truth
i see why it is
i generally hesitate before saying any product made me breakout
unfortunately this just isnt one of them
never tried it with makeup on top do not sure how that would affect it
which is not what i was expecting from this
it's just not for my skin
it didn't even my skin tone
i didn't notice any difference
this morning i hardly put any on
i didn't want to use it enough to see results
it does not transform
i didn't realize it until it was almost gone
it smells exactly like michael's craft store btw
doesn't feel like you're wearing anything
didn't do anything "transforming" for dark spots as it claims
maybe it's just me
this moisturizer didn't do anything for it
didn't see the point!
this moisturizer did nothing for me.
i wish i could say that it lived up to the reviews
product just wasn't for me.
i guess i should have known better
probably wouldnt buy again.
i didn't see any change but figured it was early.
guess it has to go
it didn't do nearly as much for my hyperoigmentatiib
i don't think i'll repurchase unless i see it go on sale because the results definitely don't justify the price tag on this stuff
never break out anymore
unfortunately it just isn't for me
maybe it will work for you
i didn't notice any brightening or any other benefits
i really cannot tell what this does
i don't notice a difference when i use it or when i don't
one thing i will say
i don't find this to be a problem
i liked everything else about it except it doesn't work out with my skin :
i can't speak for how it effects the skin because i couldn't use it long enough to see a difference
this serum did not sit well with anything
i loved the smell but would probably not purchase
obviously it's not enough time to see real results
i realized today that it's the reason my makeup looks so crummy
nor do i think i'll finish this bottle
i got this in my quest for finding one that doesn't bother me
that i suspect is because it doesn't stay on
it didn't do much for me
don't waste your money (sorry)
sadly i fell into that statistic of people it did not work out for
i don't know if this was really anything special.
personally i wouldn't say it's something i saw immediate overnight results with
i didn't use it for a week
i honestly don't think it did anything for me
i think this may be the cause of my breakouts.
im going to stop using it because i haven't noticed any benefits from using this anyways
not do the opposite
does not help with breakouts
i am giving this product two stars only because it did not cause me to break out
it didn't make any clear difference
cannot return but wont repurchase.
i don't know if i can go back
i couldn't believe it!
i didn't choose the sheer transformation because i thought this one might work better for acne-prone skin
it did not work for me.
although there was nothing wrong with this
it didn't give me the same excitement i get with other oh products
i don't know but i'm not going to buy again.
did not provide much benefits for me personally
just skip this one, it's no miracle worker.
does not absorb the way i would like it to do
at least it didn't aggravate anything further
i appreciate the way it is made especially since i cannot use any retinols
it definitely doesn't firm
the smell is there it is not strong it does not smell bad
unfortunately i cannot speak of the benefits of this product because i was not able to use it long enough
this stuff does not absorb ever
maybe for some women, but not for me.
i didn't care for it at all.
i tried to ignore it until i couldn't take it anymore
it smells so awful in a way that cannot be compared to anything else
i honestly can't even give an opinion on whether or not it worked since i spent most of the time trying to get rid of the smell
this is not for you
i don't know what's in this stuff
if you are considering using it you might want to think about doing a patch test on your neck or something or on a small
it would literally bother me all day
maybe you won't have a problem with the scent like i did
i didn't notice a scent at all
the smell did not bother me
any skin benefits it had were pointless because i couldn't deal with the horrible smell
i just couldn't take it.
the only thing it did was make me break out
could not get past the smell.
it didn't do anything for me
it does the job
the smell does not go away
if it didn't smell i would have rated it a 4 or 5
the night cream does not have this same problem.
it does what it is supposed to
can't even describe what it smells similar to
if it were not for the smell
i don't want anyone else to experience what i did
i decided to ignore the reviews of the bad smell because i tried it before
did not experience this
they changed the formula somehow
i wish i could exchange it for something else
couldn't get a chance to see results because of the smell
i can't even keep it on my face
then please please do not purchase this
i don't even care if this is going to be nice
i rather buy something else just for my sake of being able to breath normally xd
lets just say that this smells so bad
i don't know if the formula changed or i received an old jar or what
i just didn't notice it
i would not suggest this to anyone with a sense of smell
two things i don't want anywhere near my face
i used it twice and couldn't stand it anymore.
will not recommend to anyone plus the smell wasn't so great
not sure if it's me or the moisturizer
unfortunately i did not like this moisturizer at all
i can't describe what this smells like
because sadly i do not
can not say it did miracles
personally, i can't stand the smell.
light and does what it's supposed to.
won't trust the brand anymore
i can't even tell you how good or bad this is because i can't get passed the smell
don't know what to make of it
if you can live with the smell
was wondering what did i use to make acnes appeared?
it wasn't it until i tried stop using this mosisturizer
it does not work
i didn't mind the smell either.
it just didn't live up to the hype.
it does seem to work for a day or two
didn't notice any changes
it's honestly done nothing
i did not notice any difference on the way my skin looks
suppose it wasn't selling well
i figured same brand, it's a retinol, why not?
i say possibly because i breakout so frequently it's hard to pin-point the cause
i give it three stars because it doesn't make my skin feel immediately bad
i realize this is not meant to treat acne
can't knock it for that
don't count on it to work wonders
wow i can't believe they removed my review for this product
overall i have nothing bad to say about it
philosophy's products never seem to do it for me
it did not make me break out
this did not help me at all.
my skin didn't improve
i dont know if i was using this product wrong or what?
i didn't see a big improvement i guess it isn't for my skin
it just didn't make a big difference for my skin so eh
unfortunately i must be one of the few ones for whom it did not work
it did not help my pores
i do not notice any difference in my skin.
you'll have to try to find out, i suppose.
it didn't seem to make a difference to my eyes.
night didn't notice any difference
that does depuff my eyes
which is what this one does
unfortunately this did nothing to help my dark circles like it claims
i don't think this product is hydrating enough for what i need right now
i don't know what it is about this formula
i do not recommend.
i've yet to see any results
it didn't produce enough benefits to be a keeper
did hydrate them it did absolutely nothing else which is disappointing
don't anticipate something wow
didn't work for me.
it really didn't do anything.
it didn't do anything for lines
realizing i didn't really need any
that is not the case
i just don't think it's for me
you just can't get anymore out
can't break the top off or anything
a real bummer because this product is not cheap
though i do like it
this did not help with that
i can't really tell a difference
it didn't live up to my expectations
this cream did nothing to correct either issue.
probably because i don't have problems with eye areas if i sleep well
i don't see any results out of this product
i did not like this product.
this product did not do much for my tired
i find it right on the cusp of too expensive for what it does/doesn't do
however it didn't help me much with my puffy eyebags
i don't think it really did anything noticeable
it's definitely not dramatic.
i do not have dark circles.
not sure if i am seeing any change in the circles
does the job at night
can't say anything about what it does for that problem
i will use it until it's gone
i didn't see much of an improvement over the course of 4 weeks
i am not sure if it has made any difference long term
i think after that i may try something else
it's not awful but it's not great either.
it's not doing anything for my skin
i didn't notice much difference in my skin after using it
didn't work for me
does what it say
it just wasn't strong enough.
this did nothing for my skin.
although it didn't make me break out it was expensive
this has never happened to me with any other moisturizer
i do not recommend it.
the fact that it didn't break me out or turn me red was a plus
they claimed they didn't change the formula
it doesn't absorb quickly like the comment say
for me this is not of them
i don't think this one is what i want
i did not get any pimples
not sure how i feel about it yet
unfortunately do not get the job done
i applied it anyway
i didn't know this was the product doing it
it's not bad or anything
maybe just not for my skin
all of the ones i've used did the same unfortunately
did nothing for me.
this sure is not one of them
doesn't feel like it's doing much.
this doesn't do it
i realized that's not its job
this product doesn't feel like it's doing much.
actually feels like i'm not cleansing enough.
i guess it's good because it's.
this doesn't do it
really does not remove make up
yet i can't feel it clean my face at all
i can't say that it did anything good.
i really couldn't even get it off with water
it just didn't work for me
that didn't help clear it up
however it does not remove my makeup at all
it just didn't work for me
although i love caudalie i did not care for this product
its not for me
the reason i am giving this product 2 stars is because i hate it
don't think it deserves 1 star
did my title make you go, "huh?"
if you are like the rest of us sephora junkies
'm not sure why this is in the description
this still did nothing to remove makeup
i probably won't buy it again because it doesn't really make my face feel clean
sorry the honest truth.
why would they change it.
this product just isn't doing it for me.
it's just not the same
i don't know what i am going to do when i run out of my last bottle
honestly got it in the store sales person recommend
however it is definitely does not seem to be so
even using a cotton ball does not do it
know that im not alone
why fix something if it isnt broken?
did not love the smell or film it left on my skin
i am not even sure if i can finish this bottle.
not sure what they added
this cleanser i really didn't enjoy
it really didn't remove make up well.
can fairly say that i don't enjoy it
this didn't clean anything off of my face
except that it did not remove all of my makeup
guess i was wrong.
maybe its just my skin it didn't work with.
whatever the reason it didn't do it for me at all
'm not sure how much i can expect from this
that's the only issue i have.
not going to throw it out
unfortunately thisproduct did not work for me
it looks like i may have to
which it did not
i will more than likely return this if my sister doesn't want to try it
even though it doesn't help that much with the oil either :/
it didn't do anything to prevent or treat current break-outs
it just didn't work for me
it didn't remove make up well
didn't think it would cause this much irritation
can't because it's a gift i assume
did not clear up my skin at all
this one did nothing
i wish i hadn't tried it for so long because i wanted it to work so badly i wasn't able to return it by the time i gave up on it
i don't think it does very much
it doesn't make it worse
sadly this did not work
i can't see any difference in my skin
it doesn't really work in my opinion.
it didn't do anything for my skin
i can't say i saw any difference in how the boscia treatment helped prevent acne or clear up problem areas
since it didn't do much of anything i definitely won't be repurchasing
the product itself did not work for me
didn't like this at all.
this honestly did nothing for me at all
i gave it two stars because even though it didn't do what i wanted it for
it did nothing for me
maybe i haven't used it long enough
this did nothing for me.
it didn't do anything for me not even make the blemish remotely smaller
didn't see any results
i didn't want to deal with the mess
i don't break out a lot
i want to treat it
this product did not treat my acne.
i didn't see any effective results.
i didn't really notice any difference when i used it on my blemishes
this product did not give me overnight miracles like it did for others
this product did not work for me.
it did not help my break outs at all
unfortunately this one didn't work for my skin.
the formula did nothing for the "spots" on my skin whatsoever
it didn't work for me.
this didn't do much for me.
just didn't work for me
did not work for me
this treatment gel does not work on me at all.
didn't see any results from using it at all.
it didn't stink though so that was nice.
this product doesn't work at all.
it doesn't seem to do anything for me
i didn't see any difference after i used it
im not sure why there are such high reviews on this product
mind you it didnt necessarily make my blemishes
it defintely did not help there either
it just doesn't seem like work for me
this product did nothing for me.
i found that it did not work as a spot treatment at all
it didn't make them better either
i rarely return anything
it also didn't do very much for me
i didn't notice a big difference between my breakouts before or after using this product
however, this item did not wow me.
i didn't see much change after using this product
this treatment really did not do anything for me
it didn't clear up my breakouts
honestly, it just didn't work.
it just didn't touch them.
when i used this i couldn't really tell a difference
this product didn't seem to do much for me in reducing breakouts
for me it didn't
i didn't feel or see any diferent after 2 weeks of use
i honestly do not know what to say about this product
unfortunately, this hasn't helped my acne at all.
didn't help my skin.
this didn't work for me at all.
it certainly did not help reduce the pimples i already had
i don't know if it's because i don't use it enough
so not sure if anything can really treat that
guess i'll keep using it to see what happens
i don't know why
for me it just didn't work well
i don't think it did as much for the bags
this isn't doing anything for me.
it did not cause any irritation
did not improve or even help either one bit.
it did nothing for my dark circles
it didn't do anything for my dark circles
doesn't do anything for dark circles
the pump just didn't work
hate paying a lot of money for something that i can't get to
while it's an adequate product that does everything it's supposed to
i find it doesn't do much for dark circles
did not meet the hype
i can honestly tell you that i haven't noticed much difference
but it's not like a stand-out product for me.
i won't buy it again, but i don't hate it.
that is not the case.
you don't need much
i don't think there is any product out there that can help the eye area
i don't know if sephora has it out for me
used it for about a month before i couldn't take it anymore
i can't see that this eye cream does anything--it definitely does nothing for my dark circles
however, it's not intensive enough.
thought i would try this one because i love the smell
for me that is about it
i wanted to love this, but that didn't happen.
i did not love the smell.
i did not see any change!
not bad but nothing special.
this product definitely does not live up to its name
it just didn't work out
f the smell doesn't bother you go right ahead it is great
i just couldn't get over it
it didn't matter if i used it at night or during the day under makeup
stick with what you know works!
kind of a bummer cause it does what it says otherwise
it just didn't do well with my skin type
does not cause my skin to break out
this, unfortunately, didn't work for me.
however i don't feel anything special about this.
it does nothing for my skin.
what the heck happened?
did they change the formula?
also because i did not believe this br
at least didn't create any issue
it just didn't work for me
i only use this product if i don't have anything else to use
not sure why people like it.
the only thing it didn't do was dry out my face.
other than that, i didn't notice a difference.
i'd also say it does not leave a clean feel
i don't know why other reviews say that
this wasn't my ride or die cleanser because honestly it made my face feel more dirty than it aready was
i really don't recommend it
my mom out i don't know what it was
it was horrible i had clear skin before i used this product wouldn't recommend it
i do like that i can use it on my eyes
it doesn't remove anything
i just use it in the am when i'm not wearing any makeup
doesn't foam or really do anything at all.
i don't see anything too special about it.
it has a few ingredients that i do not want to use on my face
what all the hype is about
this was not the case
really don't understand the hype around it.
i don't get all the hype over this stuff?
i would not buy or recommend.
it might work for you
i know this is supposed to be a cleanser
she hasn't had any problems with it though it's just not for me
the description of what this cleanser was supposed to do
i do not wear makeup every day
it's safe to say i won't be giving this product another shot
i usually pass on things i don't like to friends
i think this one is going right into the trash
i couldn't figure out why
however i don't think it does anything for the redness
i think maybe it just doesn't irritate any more
i don't notice a difference of any sort.
wasn't for me though
it sort of encouraged a breakout that normally wouldn't have been as bad
i didn't get the feeling that it penetrated or did much
it didn't work well for me
it did not work for my skin
i do not find this product ex foliating
even though i didn't need to switch from what i was using
i don't like this particular product because i am not convinced it is removing all make-up
have no idea what happened with this cleanser
i would not recommend this formula to anyone.
i didn't see much difference in my skin
not sure if it has actually helped with the redness or not
this product does the opposite of what it claims to do
not sure yet how i feel.
it just may mean i need something different.
can't really see any difference if i use it or not
it certainly isn't a disappointment either
i guess it does it's job
maybe i will notice a difference, bu not yet.
it is not a bad product
just isn't one i will repeat
i havnt yet seen any type of results
it didn't help me
use that money for something that will actually make a real difference for my skin
the reason why i didn't try it in-store was because the sales guy told me that i had to thoroughly wash
this formula was just not for me
there's really no way to tell if it is due to the picture porefect or the other products i began at the same time
i really do not see any difference when i apply to my skin
i don't really notice a difference
it did not help with clogging either.
it just did not work for me
didn't notice any changes
i didn't have a sephora near me
i felt like it just didn't do what it promised.
i felt like my skin couldn't breathe when i used it whether under makeup or not
this product just didn't work for me at all
well i have to say
i didn't think it was related because **** happens anyway
this has never happened to me with other products
i did not notice any difference in the size of my pores after using this product
i can't wait to return it
personally, i think this was a waste of money.
like so many other products it wasn't mattefying enough
maybe i'm using it wrong
i did not notice a $100 difference
it did nothing that it promised.
i would not recommend this product
not a pump container anymore
can't deal with that
not enough to go without makeup
it did no such thing.
it was not the case
this also did not help
tried it any way
the main reason i wasn't happy with it was because i don't find it hydrating enough
applying this didn't seem to help all that much
thank goodness i didn't spend any money on it
bought this product anyway
it did nothing for me
lesson learned: listen to your derm bc there are different types of rosacea so what works for 1 person may not necessary work for another
not enough to justify the price
i think its' too early to tell if it's helping my rosacea though
this did not help my acne or fine lines at all.
tried it any way
it didn't do anything for the redness.
i do like the fact that i do not break out from the cream
you know the one
it just didn't really do anything special
i don't mind paying alot of money for a product if it actually does something
this didn't do anything special
it didn't break me out
it didn't really help to anything else either
did not really see any improvement in my redness either
i think i'll try to find somthing else
i know there is probably a ton still on the bottom
i will have to look for something else
i don't feel this moisturizer did anything special
to see if you like it
i can't say that it has been a miracle worker
i can't say the same about the bumps
i didn't see a difference in color
didn't see much of a difference
did not notice anything
i really haven't seen any results
fine lines that i didn't notice with other br
it just did nothing else to help with fine lines
dark circles or anything else
i could not honestly recommend this product.
it didn't seem to work that well
i would say it is a bad product
does not help with lines or circles
maybe it's too late to start this kind of treament
didn't see anything happen
sorry but i just didn't get it.
i wasn't expecting miracles
i've not tried any other product for my dark circles
'm do not have any known allergies
did nothing for my dark circles.
so far i haven't seen any permenant results
i felt like an idiot for paying this much for this piece of garbage
don't do it to yourself.
it doesn't really do anything to my acne
it didn't really do anything
just really doesn't deliver.
i do not understand.
i do not know.
people say it works
i did not see much of a difference
if you want something similar
i did not like this
it didn't make a difference
as a cleanser, it didn't do much either.
it didnt do anything in that department.
this bar hasn't done anything for me
if you do buy it
i guess it's not for my skin
for the $$, it shouldn't do that.
did not see much difference
not saying it's a bad product
since it didn't really say how often to use it
well wrong, wrong, and wrong again.
i don't even bother using it that much anymore because it's so difficult to h
did not see a difference at all
i dont get all the 5 star reviews maybe it's just not good for my type of skin
i didn't really think this cleanser was anything special
my skin didn't miraculously clear up nor did it cause any breakouts
just doesn't do the job for me
not something i wish to use on my face
didn't feel any difference and made me break out.
it doesn't really do anything else for me
this does not do it for me.
don't get my wrong it's fine
it wasn't anything special
i do not personally like the smell of it
i wish to like it
if that doesn't work i'll make my way over to origins checks
i guess it cleans my face adequately
it keeps you wondering whether it works or not
it doesn't work the first time
i just wish it did the job.
i wouldn't trust this product with a lot of makeup on
did not see any difference
though it didn't quite give me the same clean feeling
the cooling did not bother me
i would not recommend this
i did return it though because it didn't have the drastic results that i expected
sadly i didn't have any amazing results
it's not that it didn't work
it's that i couldn't even see if it could
you pretend to buy this
this is not for him
i don't like it
it did not do much for my oily
i personally did not like this product.
i would not recommend this product
however, it does not remove makeup well at all.
not a fan at all!
i do not have this kind of bump before
i like how mosturizing the product is
it didn't break me out
i couldn't imagine trying to put on makeup
it didn't absorb the way i thought
the product did nothing for my skin
you might like this
i only recommend this if you're not wearing makeup
don't get me wrong, i don't hate this stuff.
does not mattify at all.
it didn't fade on me
decided it just wasn't for me
can't return because i already used some
not exactly the matte lol i had in mind....
i tried to like this
i used it for 2 weeks to make sure it wasn't a fluke
this is just not the case
i wouldn't even give the rest of the sample to some one i didn't like
i certainly did not find i was glowing
i just don't at all
this did not keep me matte
unfortunately it didn't help much by the morning
i don't see how this stuff has anything to do with "matte"
didn't really mattify at all either.
but that's about it.
didn't quite do enough for my chin
it didn't make me breakout
try to find something else first.
this has never happened to me because of another product
if i would've bought it i would've been so sad to waste that much money
didn't lose any money
also kind of glad it didn't because if it did i would've been inclined to spend $79 on this product for a refill so glad i got it as a free gift
didn't waste my money on this product
why i did not break out
it didn't do a whole lot for my skin
i just didn't see any change in my skin using this product
it does not have a place in my skin care routine
when i stopped using them to use this i just didn't see any good it did my skin other then how it made my skin feel
i don't honestly notice much of a difference in my skin
not only did it not make any positive changes to my skin
can't say i see any difference in my skin after using it for some weeks now
didn't work well under makeup at all
i wouldn't say this did a great job with either of those
overall it's a "no" for me
i wouldn't want to subject anyone to days of this mess on their face
i do love the product i must say
i personally didn't like this product.
i couldn't tell any difference between using this product or not
unfortunately this product didn't do much for that
i never complain about the price tag
perhaps that's just me.
thats only because i wasn't able to use it for long enough to see results
unfortunately it did not work for me
that was not the case
it does nothing for my skin
only reason it's getting 2 stars is because it didn't make my skin worse
i do not see a big change in my pores
i don't feel like it has affected anything
it didn't help me with my dark circles
this does not work.
how i can tell is that i turn to the side
did nothing to my dark circles
unfortunately this product is not for me
i didn't see any results
i don't see any change
it does not do the trick for me
it didn't work that well
it does not clear the dark circles
maybe it is not the product for me.
doesn't really do too much for my dark circles
it didn't seem to be working
however, it is certainly not the best.
i do not see any diference in my puffy eyes after using this product
i think this thing does deflat the puffness
i don't think it treats anything
i don't know if this is something that requires time
it does do the trick
i didn't fall in love with it
it does not do what it promises to do for my eyes
maybe it works for someone else
after a month of use i don't see any difference.
i can honestly say it did nothing for my dark circles
i can honestly say it is hydrating
so i think it does work, but not for me
not deserve even one star
i didn't like it atall i brought it back
that is why i love them
do not see any big difference around my eyes
this one didn't work for me
think that is why this product wasn't right for me
i did like this
i honestly didn't feel teh differnce that much
i don't understand the hype.
i don't see what the point of this is
it didn't do anything for me that a plain old moisturizer couldn't do
it really didn't do anything special for my face.
but everything else was a let down.
as i was using this product i didn't really notice if it brightened
this might work miracles
it did a nice job as a bb however i cannot get past the smell
as for now it's like i put nothing on.
this smell will do it
that's how convinced i was it was going to do what it said it would
i really can't get past the scent to know how well it works
does what it claims
did not do a single thing it claims!
it somehow seems to get in them no matter what
thinking it was a fluke because none of the cleansers i have used in the past even remotely bothered my eyes
it didn't do anything special for me.
i didn't really think that it did all the things it claimed to do to my pores
which i can't live without
i can't afford both!
have not yet seen a difference
not a fan of this product.
for some reason my face did not like this cleanser
i wouldn't buy it again, but i didn't have it.
now its just not feasable
did not do anything at all
for me it didn't do much
okay so this didn't do anything for me.
i wasn't a fan of how it smelled either.
i did not notice a big change in my skin or pores
too bad they don't produce it anymore :(
so....i don't know bout this.
i do think it is because of my clarisonic etc
just doesn't do what it says
maybe try something else
it should work somehow
my skin doesn't have so many problem
i do not see a difference
i don't know why everyone likes this.
it does nothing to me
im not sure if i will repurchase as its not helping to control my acne that i have on my chin
my skin did not change
that was exactly what i wanted to avoid
i figured it would help
i don't see any diffrence on my skin using this product
i used exactly as directed, but it did not work.
did not see a difference in my pores
i do not recommend it if you have my skin type.
it did not do anything
it does not work
although i suppose this is an improvement of sorts
definately did not work for me
this cream did not live up to my expectations
try that one first or maybe just ask for some free sample or you wouldn't feel cheated like i do
it didn't do what it said it would
dont make my mistake
that didn't bother me since it was applied at night
since it does not have "anti-aging" i probably won't use it at night
i don't even know where to begin.
this is certainly not for me!
the only thing that it does is make my face asofter
i didn't feel this product does what it is suppose to for me
i should have known after using help me that something like this
t couldn't be that bad
it didn't work at all
this is not the case
that was all it did
did not control oil at all
didn't seem to do anything amazing for me
don't bother with this one.
i don't know how else to describe it.
i couldn't get over it!
it didn't feel as refreshing even though i kept it in the fringe
nothing happens in my case~
love the brand, but this did nothing for me.
overall i didn't enjoy the product as much as i thought i would
not one claim is true, for me atleast.
i wanted to like this
this product did the opposite of what it was suppose to do
did not hydrate at all
i wouldn't buy it again and i wouldn't recommend.
alas, i did not.
might work for some, unfortunately not for me.
i do like it at night though.
it seems like it didn't fully sink into my skin
it's probably just my skin type or something?
could not get past smell
this did nothing for him.
see if anything changes
i didn't get any benefits from this
i also didn't see any improvement in my skin tone
if you like murad products
i don't feel it does what it says
antioxidents unfortunately it was not for me
and my boyfriend also didn't like the smell.
this one just didn't work for me though.
i don't know how people gave it 5 star.
it did not work for me!
won't be using this anymore.
i can't say that i saw any benefit from this other than i didn't get sunburned
it's not that bad
i got this in the trial box i don't want to even try the other 2
i am so sad that i cant use it anymore.
what's not to like, right?
it does about the same thing
i can't get my makeup to stay on over it no matter what i've tried
alas, my combination skin just didn't.
it caused me break outs on areas i do not really see break outs on
they told me it wouldn't be a problem
this mosturizer didn't help it
that's maybe my problem
it did leave a very subtle luminosity that u cant see anyway if
it works well if you want the spf
didn't see any big difference in the texture
you don't even think about applying foundation over it
it's pricey for not doing much.
i don't really like it either
just not enough hydration.
sadly, this product did not work for me.
this did not irritate my skin in the least.
i do not recommend it
i can't believe how expensive this is for a moisturizer that does not sit well under makeup
it does not at all
i could not get over the smell
did not help my acne
not cleaning as well as i wanted
i found that i didn't really enjoy using it because my face didn't feel soapy
this product was too pricey for the results i didn't get
you really can't see any effect
know its not a miracle worker
it did nothing at all for me
it is not for this
mentioned that he did not like the smell
it didn't hydrate as well as i wanted
it did not work on his skin
it did not have an effect on me
didn't do a thing for me.
that didn't happen with this product
didn't want to pay the high price
not only did it not firm
although i haven't used this product for long i think it does st
it's still too early to tell
this didn't accomplish my goal.
did not enjoy this product
it just didn't do what i needed it to do
it did nothing else for my eyes
can't really describe what that is
unfortunately it didn't work
never happened to me in my life with any other product
let it absorb before i applied anything else
maybe for someone else!
just not for me.
'm not sure if i'm allergic or not
i did not see any changes to my under-circles or fine lines
not sure if i actually saw the results it boasts.
did not see this.
buy something else that will help my dark circles
it just didn't work for me.
which i didn't like
not somebody who was just trying to sell me her line
didn't do anything bad
didn't do anything great
it doesn't seem to do much for me
didn't see any results
this product did not deliver.
i do not know if this product has something to do with it
don't know about long term yet
it did nothing for my dark circles.
the product did nothing
some say you'll see results after you use up the whole bottle
i did not like this.
i just don't see any amazing results
i did not see any other results
i didn't see any difference in using this.
did not at all work for me.
did not like the product.
then thought i shouldn't because of the price
i don't think there is anything special about it.
after using this product for 3 weeks i can honestly say it does nothing more than moisturize
didn't feel like had made a difference at all when i removed it
i didn't notice it doing anything
not sure it is helping with anything other than dryness
did nothing for my dark circles
it literally did nothing
this did the opposite of what it should do
something that i didn't realize would have such a negative effect on my skin
i'd like to say that i am 24
so what do i do?
i did have a bit of hope
it's been a month now and no changes, whatsoever.
did nothing to my fine lines
i certainly wouldn't recommend it to someone with sensitive eyes like me
nothing special for the price--prolly could get something cheap at drug store for same result
this didn't anything special
i did not see any results
it did not work for me
this did not work at all.
this was not the case
i figured oh murad it's not too pricey
unfortunately the eye cream did not appear to make any difference
we didn't see any difference
i just bought this not
definitely didn't do anything for me
can't even use it
this isn't the product for you
i didn't notice a big difference
doesn't do what it claims.
i don't notice this mask doing anything
which i don't mind
might bother some people
it doesn't do much else
i actually found this on sale and said why not!
just could not st
i didn't notice much of a difference for my skin
it just wasn't for me
i couldn't get enough of the br
don't get me wrong
it's not bad by any means
for $35 i'd say give it a try
i just don't think this was the product for me.
for me it actually stings
i only gave it three stars because it doesn't really do anything more than what the walnut scrub already does for me
it might work for you
it definitely didn't work for me
other than that, i didn't get much out of it.
it doesn't do much for my skin personally
i don't see any improvement
i didn't notice any change afterward considering its heavy price tag
this product didn't impress me one way or the other
wouldn't recommend you run out and buy it.
i dont feel like it fulfilled any of its claims.
did not see any result on my face.
it did not do anything to my skin
this would not work under makeup
just not this one.
this product did not live up to my expectations
i do not see any improvement in my skin.
i would not recommend it.
but it's not all that drastic.
after two jars, i dont see any difference.
i wish i could say that i've seen dramatic results
did not feel this was rich enough
this one doesn't really deliver
this one is just not enough for me.
so there must be something in here that my skin just does not like
t was not a complete surprise
or did she just swear commission?
it doesn't work at all.
really did not find a tangible change or result
so for that reason
it did nothing for my dark circles.
it does everything i wish this ptr cream did.
i just couldn't use this one
i am not sure why
this eye cream did nothing it claims to do
there is something in there that doesn't agree with me
i can't find it
did not help with fine lines.
did not help with firmness.
i did not like product at all.
i did not see any benefits from this eye cream
i can't believe i spent that much money on this product
may be just not for me
it doesn't do anything except for the first few days
it didn't improve my fine lines what so ever
alas it did not
not even one of them
certainly not for the price
not convinced its doing anything though
so it's not that great at all.
i wanted others to know about the consistency
which is why i give it 3 stars.
it didn't "sink" in at all
i wouldn't say it "gets absorbed"
i wouldn't say it is a horrible product it just didn't work for me
of course there gonna tell you that its gonna work
i don't really smell anything wrong with it
however i found that it just wasn't quite hydrating enough
i did not like the smell but decided to try.
my skin didn't like it
this cream simply did not work for me
i'll use it up because i won't want to waste my money
it did nothing for my skin
i love korres products but this one isn't for me.
didn't notice any improvement after about a week
did not purchase this product
not if you're in a rush
it didn't seem to do anything for my under eye area
does not work at all
not only do i not see an improvement
it didn't do much for me
can't wait to buy something else.
which i don't need
would not recommend this product
if this is true
i love what it does for my lips
it gave me fine lines around my lips which i did not have
it didn't tighten or much of what it claims to do
not sure how to explain it
maybe i would be ok with this horrible application process if i did something for my eyes
i really didn't give it enough time to work
this was not for me
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!
i didn't try it on my lips.
this isn't for me.
i did not see much of an impact around my eyes or lips
i wish it did more for the lines above my lip
maybe this is how the product is supposed to be.
it wasn't something i wanted to use on my face
i did not like it.
does nothing in particular for my face.
i guess it is just not for me.
i don't like it all.
this didn't work for me.
has no one else had this issue?
what i like about it is
it makes me wonder what it's leaving on my face.
so don't rely on what i have to say
he didn't like the texture
didn't see any real difference in firming.
does it even exist?
it doesn't seem to help much
this doesn't seem to work for me
don't think this is one for me
however i didn't notice anything with the use of this product
it was ok to use at night when i didn't have to face the public
this cream just did nothing.
which could be why i didn't really notice any difference
do not get me wrong i love clinique.
for me, it did nothing it was formulated to do.
this product did not work for me
i could not see any changes
i did not see any reason to like this product.
it does the job for the day
i wouldn't recommend it
it's simply not true.
did not see any results for lifting
i dont see any difference-
maybe thats because i didnt really have anything to change?
didn't really do anything though.
didn't do anything for my eye area
i honestly have not seen any firming
this is clearly not it
disappointed that this did not seem to do anything for t
did not notice any difference in the eye area
it's an ok, not great cream - at least for me.
this product did nothing it said it would.
it smelled so bad to me that i didn't want it on my face
it didn't feel effective
that's what i get for not trying it in the store first
i don't know why i bother with clinique skin care as i've never tried anything that i've liked
i don't know if it was just me
it wasn't at all
i normally don't return anything
didn't even remove my makeup as it claimed
it also gave me a zit which i guess was from not cleansing my face well enough
does not remove all make up
also didn't like the scent
i will say that this cleanser does a great job of actually cleansing
probably does the same amount of work
however, it did nothing.
after a minute i feel like i didn't put anything on
i really didn't notice a difference
i do want to say it's very soft
honestly didn't see any change- returned
did not see the slightest difference
unfortunately this one is no go for me.
did not see any difference
does wonders for her
unfortunately this cream did not work for me.
i wouldn't say this eye cream is life changing or a must have
it's not bad either.
dark circles i would not recommend this product
it's not a bad product
this product did not deliver on what claimed to do- did not reduce fine lines
can't say whether or not it was because if this product
i would not recommend this product
not sure it was caused by this
unfortunately i was wrong
i did not notice any change whatsoever.
i still didn't notice a change from not using it
it really didn't help any puffiness either.
i can confidently say that it did not
i don't see any difference with my dark under eye skin nor do i notice
it did nothing for me.
didn't see a difference in appearance
that's all i have to say !
maybe for those whose eyes do not have any of these issues
i would not buy it anyway
but i did like the smell
unfortunately, this did nothing for me.
i don't really think this eye cream does anything significant
i don't think this is it
this will not be good for you
i don't see any difference when using this under my eyes
it does nothing to help
i didn't like how it made my lines worse after my makeup was applied
unfortunately it doesn't do anything it says it does
but i haven't noticed anything since then.
i do not notice a change
couldn't wait to try it
i can use it only under my eyes so to me it wasn't worth it
i can't see a difference.
i didn't see any massive difference it was just nice to have so my under eyes didn't get worse
it doesn't really do anything
doesn't do anything bad
it just doesn't seem substantial enough for much else
the product was a waste of money did not work at all
this product really don't make anything to my aye area
but i realized it really doesn't do much.
i didn't see any change in my dark circles
he didn't really like it--felt that the effects didn't last very long
it was just not meant to be for me
just not for me
i couldn't seem to remember why i discontinued using it
why this would break me out because there aren't any bad products
unfortunately this did not help at all.
not exactly a great one considering its price
it does not make a difference to my skin.
honestly it did nothing it did moisturizer my skin though so that's amazing
i gave it 3 stars because this is the only product that actually gave me any kind of results
this was honestly a let down.
i don't know anymore!
this stuff did not hydrate my face enough
i gotta say while i love the first two steps of clinique's line
i couldn't take it, it just wasn't me.
i also didn't love it
after a few uses it hasn't done anything else to/for my skin
doesn't seem to do anything for my skin.
you dont need a lot of this.
doesn't offer amazing results
this didn't do much for my skin i prefer one that works wonders on my skin
i really like that it doesn't have much colour to it when you put it on
that you can put however much you want on
if this is what the product is supposed to be like
i definitely wouldn't buy the actual jar.
i really don't want to pay $62
too bad because i do like this.
i honestly didn't really like it
it's ok i just honestly can't get passed the scent
i didn't really like it then
sadly my skin does not tolerate this mask
this doesn't do anything for my skin
my skin is exactly the same as before
just don't see the point
i can hardly stand the smell.
my skin just doesn't tolerate this mask anymore
i found nothing to like about this product.
i certainly didn't see any miracles
i didn't feel that it did anything for my face tone
not enough to make me go out of my way to buy this product
it's does an okay job
unfortunately didn't last all day
for the fact that it doesn't harm my skin
i don't notice much change in my skin
honestly don't get the hype
i don't think i'll be trying anything else from this br
it does nothing to my skin
i wonder why it is so hyped
did nothing to help skin appearance
this was not it
it just wasn't for me
i really did not think that this product moisturizer the way i thought it should
it didn't even come close
the only reason i'm not giving it 5 stars is because after using it for a week i started to breakout terribly
not sure what made me have such a reaction
if all else fails
while this didn't break me out
it didn't help with my already always shiney face
makes me wanna return it whenever i use it
they'd just pop out of no where!!
it was not the product for me
didn't see any effect on line reduction.
i wouldn't recommend it
how do you know a face cream is working or not?
it's not like you can compare yourself to yourself right?
do not buy this product
i didn't find it to be effective at all for me
i think it'd be effective if you don't wear a whole lot of budge-proof makeup
for those who do
i did my research
it did not take off all my makeup!
ok so it does it's job.
that's the first thing i want to say.
however i think my skin might not like it bc everything it gets near my eyes i cry
i do not recommend it.
if it was free yes but not for $29
the product doesn't go a long way
also do not get it in your eyes because it will give you major blurry vision
at least it does what it says
didn't see any improvements
didn't have any reaction
it didn't work for me so i returned it.
it didn't cause any irritation
it did nothing to my eye's area.
needless to say i am using it again
here's what i found
as for the brightening maybe i expect miracles
it already doesn't not express any of it thru the pump
i didn't see much of a change.
i didn't notice a change so i returned it.
nor i don't hate the product either.
didn't think the scent would be so overwhelming
i couldn't even open my eyes it was so bad
i just never saw any real results
i guess the only thing going for it is that it has an spf factor
i still wouldn't touch the stuff again
way too expensive for a product that does not do anything
i gave this product 3 stars anyway because it is not a bad product
it is just not the product for me
so at least i did not waste money on it
beleive me i know what i am talking about
i kept using it for the spf alone because i don't like wasting money
for me it's not an option
did not do anything for circles or moisture
i don't see any difference.
makes me not want to use it
i don't have a problem with it
it doesn't seem to do much
i know it has i think
i just can't break that thought
this cleanser is okay, but it doesn't do much.
i just don't find this to do much.
it just doesn't clean my face in the way i really want
i just can't recommend it
i dont know why
this one is not work for me at all
as a rule i can't say enough good things about the line in general
felt as though it did nothing
wish they didn't put fragrance in all there stuff
this just did nothing except break my skin out
i also found that it didn't do a good job at actually cleaning my skin either
if you intend to remove any makeup with it
does it leave a film?
it did not improve my skin nor make it worse.
buying the extra mild one i thought it wouldn't effect me
because i wanted to give it a
which i personally don't like in a face wash
if i didn't break out a day after using it :
this one is exactly what it says it is (mild).
my face did not love it.
it did the opposite of what i wanted it to do.
my skin wasn't bad at all before trying this product
i would never recommend this product to anyone please save your money
realized it was not doing anything to take my make up off
i don't know why anyone would pay more than 2 dollars for this
i found that it did not seem to help or hurt my acne
it just didn't set well with my skin
i'd never had it so bad even when i was a teenager
so ultimately it really does depend on your skin
fortunately i'm stopping the use now so the acne won't get as bad
i'd say give it a try
see how it works for you
don't want anyone else to get horrible acne i never i thought i would get because of this face wash
i must say i don't really like this product for my skin type
it just didn't work for me
i guess sometimes you have to stick to what you know
don't get me wrong
god i can't even imagine what it would do
i did not see any difference after using this primer
did not work for me
it literally did nothing for me
it will definitely be obvious that it doesn't match
finally decided to buy it cus my porefessional wasn't doing much for me
i've tried shaking it but it doesn't help at all.
i did not like this cleanser.
the day i got this i felt like it didn't do anything
if i did i had to use a ridiculous amount of product
not bad as a primer - my skin was not a fan.
this didn't even do anything for those either
it honestly didn't even make a difference with my pores first of all
t was because of this primer because that was the only thing i changed in my routine
i guess it depends on the person
you know how none of these pore perfected ever work?
well, neither does this one!1.
you can park a fit car in my pores so maybe i expected the promise they claim to actually be true
i only tried this to see what the hype was.
it does the job
i never get the problem with other product
knew it wasn't my makeup forever foundation
could be a reaction with something else i use
trying to figure out what is doing it
it did not work well for me at all
if i could i would give this no stars !
i felt like it didn't mattify my skin
it did not blurr a thing
just couldn't do it anymore
this just did not do it
this did nothing for it
it's not for me
for the pores o don't know how much it does
i don't know if i got a bad batch or what
what this is supposed to do
well not this one.
i honestly did not see a difference in pore size or make up
it's a shame that i paid about $40 for this
i won't even use it because it does nothing
honestly this did nothing.
i love it otherwise
not only did it not do that
it didn't help hide them at all nor did it help my makeup stay on longer
this product just didn't do what it claims for me
t does help even out my skin tone
it does not live up to the hype
can't really judge how effective it is as a primer
it did nothing for my pores what-so-ever
i do appreciate how hard the saleswoman pretended that she couldn't see them
this did not make me break out which is why i have it 3 stars
did not notice any difference.
unfortunately this product did nothing for my skin
it did not cause any breakouts
it will not do anything for my skin.
i can't justify paying that much
it just didn't work on my skin.
it certainly didn't make it any better
didn't wow me at all
it does not help clear breakouts
does not make them worse either
i can see why this product would work well for some people
it definitely didn't do anything for me
maybe it would work for someone else
wonder if this was the origin
wouldnt buy it again as a matter of fact i may not buy any lancome products
it did not do a good job of removing dirt
i figured i'd give it a try
i felt it hasn't don't anything for my skin
didn't help my fine lines as it states...
have not seen any results what so ever
if you're like me i wouldn't waste your time or money
one pump is not enough for your entire face
(ain't nobody got time for that!)
couldn't tell any difference.
i don't like it either
wanted to try this too
it does nothing for me
unfortunately this did nothing for my skin.
i didn't notice that my skin looked any better after using it
i can't tell you if it really works because i only used it one night
which led me to conclude that this product wasn't doing it's job
i didn't see any benefits when i used this
the smell was so bad i could not take it
i would not recommend this product if you care at all about a super strong smell
i could not take it
this is just not one of them.
didn't notice any difference in lines
i didn't notice any fine line reduction in the two weeks that i used it
i wouldn't say that it could take the place of a primer at all
did not notice any results
but it just didn't work me.
maybe because i don't use it every day
it doesn't matter whether i wait 5 minutes or 24 hours
this one didn't work out for me
i didn't have high expectations of it
never getting enough sleep
i don't really notice a change in my fine lines.
this product didn't do seem to make much of a difference to my face in 2 months
i think we can all agree to this: you shouldn't be able to smell the cream after you put it on
i didn't want it to go to waste
although it did not break me out
i can't tell what different on my skin
it's a shame since i like other lancome products
this particular one did not work well for my skin
needless to say- i trashed it.
i would not even give it away.
i guess my skin just did not react well with it.
i really didn't care for this one
i can't remember the last time my skin looked this bad :
i felt that this cream was not rich enough
i didn't see anything happen to my face.
i can't tell if i've put enough or too much on because of the texture
this is clearly not for everyone.
it may work for you if you use alone.
i didn't see any improvement while using the product
it did not improve my acne
personally this is not the product for me
while this product has worked for many it did not for me
i figured i would try it
this didn't really do anything for me.
but it did nothing for my acne.
i really do not understand the price.
it does not absord into skin
for those of you who dont know what that is
i don't know if this means i should use it for a longer period
i don't know why!
this product has not done anything for my skin
i'll have to try something else.
or do much of anything
i can say it has not done much for my skin
just can't get it to work
that was just a mess
i didnt use long enough to tell any difference.
the smell is why i give this moisturiser 1 star
it didn't do anything miraculaus-it did cause me to get bumps-
really wanted to like this-i figure for the high price it would work not true-i have a sew lines-
not bad at all.
did not improve my skin nor did it do anything different
for the price you'd think it would be transforming
i do not recommend this product.
this was not one of them
however it did nothing for my skin.
did not break me out
didn't have a smell so that was good
i expected more from this product being that i can't say enough great things about the take the day off balm
works wonders but not on my pocketbook!
don't believe in any marketing gimmick because this product does not deliver what it promises to
'd definitely not recommend this to anyone
doesn't remove it like it claims to do
it's not so bad
i really would not suggest it.
this doesn't do that at all.
this item simply does not work for me.
and it didn't even take my makeup off!
it does not remove my makeup at all
if you're wondering why i gave it 3 stars is for the smell
as it does nothing
i guess this is ok
wow did it burn my eyes
would say i have combination skin
i would never recommend this product.
didn't work at all.
this product did not work for me.
asked one of the girls what she would recommend as a good cleanser that wouldn't make me break out
stick with what you know.
it didn't do anything to remove my eye makeup.
it did not wash away any of my makeup
did not think that even their make up remover would be this bad
thought i would try this
this product does not do anything it claims to do
this product did not remove anything
i don't know if anyone else finds eye irritation is an issue they have with this product
i hardly ever break-out like this
know the cause is this product
didn't take off any of my makeup
this cleanser i did not hesitate to return
i still felt like there was something on my face that shouldn't be there though
i havn't gotten such a bad break out since middle school
does not take off at all
unfortunately it broke me out which alot of products do
so not sure yet, if you get your $'s worth.
although the product description doesn't say this
it wasn't exactly what i had in mind
i've never used a product that made me break out this bad
i can't comment on whether it works as well as the old one
i did not leave it on long enough
very basic, does nothing else.
i know i can't entirely blame this product
but this one, oh no.
didn't feel 'sunscreeny' at all either.
i wish i took home a sample because i would have know right away that this wasn't right for me
i tried to like it
after 3 days i couldn't lie to myself anymore
stick with what you like
not for me at all.
just wish i could feel it doing it's job
if you're 24, this will work just fine.
thought this was it, but it wasn't.
do not get this if you think it's the same old benefiance moisturizer
we're highly dissapointed that they've discontinued that cream- we think it was just a ploy to jack up the prices
i didn't think this night cream was that great
t would have lasted me quite a while
it didn't do anything to reduce fine lines
can't really say if it makes a difference with long-term use because i couldn't get past the greasy factor after just a few nights
didn't need to use much
after using this product for 6 months i can tell i didn't notice any benefits
to the point that i couldn't tell if this was the day or night product
this product is not right for someone in their 30's
this one just isn't it
not for the face
don't think i have been using the product long enough to confirm results
i didn't notice much of a difference.
'm not sure if it's just a bad combo
i don't think i have seen a difference in fine lines
i didn't notice that this did anything at all.
i can say without a doubt it did nothing good for me
price isn't worth it what more can i say it just did not work for me at all
its not even that effective when used nightly anyway so both these reasons
i sill did not see any results
i can honestly say i have *not* noticed an improvement in my eye area since beginning this product
i couldn't wait to try this product
it just didn't work for me.
product feels nice i can't say much of how effective it is because i only used it for couple of days
i didn't realize it when i ordered this eye cream
have decided to look for something else
unfortunately i didn't notice any difference in the skin around my eyes
especially to wear under makeup--if you don't let it set enough
did not see a difference in dark circles
did not like it at all!
just okay, didn't notice anything special with.
guess i will just stick with that
i can't use it
i didn't see any results on my fine lines
unfortunately it just didn't work for me.
i also do not like how it does not absorb into the skin
t could be that this just did not work for my skin type: 20's
i cannot see any changes
it doesn't do much
i didn't see much of anything in terms of results with this particular product
this one really did not do much for me other than hydrate immediately after applying
i would not recommend it
this didn't do the job quite well
so unfortunately they're being returned.
they do not remove make at all.
do not waste your money
i really didn't get to use the last half of them because they were so dry
this did not work for me
this didn't work for me
so what does it do???
i learned the hard way that it does not include sunblock
didn't do a great job at controlling oil/matifying for me
i dont know know because of this
it's not working for me at all.
not as bad as right now
this one does not.
still on the hunt for a good mattefyer that does what it's supposed to do
the downfall is that is does not help you keep matte
thought this product would
i guess it didn't work for me.
i really wish i could love this product
love this product does exactly what it says it does except one thing i have found out about shiseido
for that reason i give it 3 stars.
wether i was wearing makeup or not.
it does what it's supposed to do
it didn't do a very good job of controlling oil in my t-zone
but it wasn't matifying whatsoever.
the one good thing i noticed is that it didn't break me out
i wouldn't really recommend it to anyone because of the pricing
it's not a product to be raving about
this is not the one for you
i didn't see any real reduction in my t zone oil/shine
it didn't help with oil-control for me unfortunately
it just ended up not doing anything for me
this did not mattify my skin at all
i could not believe that my face would produce this much oil
it product does exactly the opposite of what it states it does
i can't give a true review of the product because i can't get over what a waste the bottle is
while this is not a bad product
would do the job if it wasn't winter
it's not great, but it'll do.
i guess shiseido and i don't work.
it's always the same
it didn't feel like it absorbed
this product makes my face break out which hasn't happened to me in many years
know why it made me break out
i don't ever have skin issues
which didn't happen to me before
i could feel my face was not as smooth as before anymore
i didn't notice to much change after using it
this is not for me
did not diminsh quickly enough
i didn't notice any improvements in my skin
i know that whatever product i get from them
because it does not have spf protection.
i do not think that it fades my spots on its own
i didn't see any difference.
unfortunately it wasn't for me
either way, i don't like it.
would not recommend for anyone
i didn't like it
i don't know what it is
which is why i thought this product would work for me
i even use it with my clarisonic but, nope.
if you need a product to not only brighten
i don't know which product
was not for me
i did not see any difference in using this vs
oh well not on my list to buy again
my breakout did not clear
i did not want to stick around testing for that any longer
didn't notice any change in hyperpigented spots.
not sure i'm noticing much if any differance in my skin tone or apperance
not sure if i see any brightening effects
as i am not sure i am getting the benefits that it claims
wish the bottle was not glass
its not spf enough
now i don't know what to do with what i have left
it's not good at all
and i dont know what to do to take it off!
i also do not like the bottle
this product does not provide enough moisture
still did not see any improvements on my skin
haven't noticed any of what it promises
all you ever hear about this line is how amazing it is
did not provide enough moisture for my skin
i could not tell how much i had left
doesn't do anything to your skin.
thinking it would be the same thing
perhaps not work on others
not only did i not see any changes to the brown spots on my skin
i couldn't imagine using this in the summer time.
this product is not for you
this product did not agree with my skin
i didn't want to waste the money
i didn't see any result whatsoever.
i still have noticeable acne scarsi would say it's not worth the price
this is not the cream for you
it is what is it
unfortunately this eye cream did not solve that problem for me
i didn't see any results
doesn't seem to do much for my eyes
this doesn't typically happen to me
it just simply wasn't for me.
it didn't really do anything for my puffiness
i didn't see a difference
this product did not benefit me in any way whatsoever
i do not notice any difference when it comes to under-eye dark circles
i can't give more than 2 stars
it does add moisture but nothing else.
can't tell too much difference.
i can't tell enough difference in my skin to purchase this
it's not the best either
did nothing for me.
it did nothing for me
this product didn't do much for my dark circles
i do not recommend it.
since it didn't irritate my skin whatsoever
i can definately say it does not have brightening effect every eye cream with this price or even cheaper than this can hydrate
this product is not
it literally does nothing at all for them
in all honestly, it isn't even that hydrating.
it didn't hydrate as well as i would've thought.
honestly saw no results
this cream doesn't seem to do much for that.
it does however moisturize im going to continue to use it bc i would hate throw it away
found it did nothing to my fine lines
did not work for my dark circles or bags as it claims it can
i do not have dark circles necessarily
although it is hydrating i found it didn't really do anything else
did not see a difference at all
this did nothing for me!
can't say i really saw an improvement with either issue
i don't see any changes around my eye are
it's not really doing the job
however, it didn't really work on me.
i refused to return it b/c i thought i have to wait a little longer to see results
it did absolute nothing
f you're concerned with that maybe consider buying the other
unfortunately it didn't do much for me
it just didn't do it for me
while i don't use it every night
i don't enjoy much else
really isn't different from anything else on the market
it does not clean at all
it does not remove makeup well either.
this didn't take that off effectively
i am not entirely sure it did much for it
my skin didn't improve
it didn't get worse
didn't see a difference at all
it did not clear up even after i used the whole bottle
it did not improve my acne
it seems ren products are just not for me.
it didn't really work out for me.
i didn't feel that clean
maybe i just didn't underst
i don't think that's the case
just make sure you know your skin type for sure is all i can say
that could be because this was not meant for my skin type
for my skin it did nothing
i wouldn't say it's a bad product
some work, some don't!
it just didn't work for me
after a while i felt not so much anymore
so far i wanna say it's been about 1
i don't like this at all
i did not like the smell
i can't give it 5 stars because it didn't do anything
it didn't harm my skin as most cleansers do by making me break outbor overdryong it however it didn't control oil
it did nothing for my acne
i don't know what happened to this cleanser
its just not the same thing
new people don't know what was in it
after a while it really didn't seem to make an impact on my skin
this did not provide enough cleansing action
sadly, this product didn't work for me.
this might work for you
i just don't like it
i must say that i just haven't loved it
there isn't anything else dquite like it
i do not recommend it.
which i don't mind
i do like the fact that it doesn't have a scent
just didn't work for me :(
i did not really like this product.
do not have foam，maybe gentle but not for me.
not sure if the formula changed
didn't work for me.
this product did half of what i wanted it to.
i decided to give it a shot anyway
almost like it didn't want to mix with the water
it's not just to the touch
it didn't seem to work at all.
the product didn't live up to me expectations
didn't like this at all.
some may not do the job
this one doesn't for me
did not like the product
did not clean my face
it is not cooling whatsoever.
so i would say skip this one.
which doesn't make sense to me to begin with
this did nothing for me
i cringe before i put it on because i know its going to make me blind for two minutes
i did not see any improvement at all
did not notice any change in colour under my eyes
it didn't work for what i wanted it for
it didn't do anything
i didn't see any difference for my eye area
i didn't even think the gel was that 'cooling.'
it doesn't have the 'cooling' effect
it's not a bad product
i do not see any improvements.
i will continue to see what else is out there
i really don't see much results with use of this product
i don't have time for that.
i didn't expect it would yield different results
the ones stings my eyes if i get it anywhere near them
this didn't make much of an impact
i can't tell yet
i guess if anything, i like to cooling complex.
i just did not see any benefits from it
not enough for the price anyway.
unfortunately it didn't do much for my skin.
it sure does stink
this product did nothing for me.
i would not use this even as a day cream.
just the wrong fit for my skin type.
this product did nothing for me
i definitely would not recommend this product.
i love the smell but that is all that i can say.
i'll have to see what else i find
" or even seriously trying to be
i mean, come on.
that's all i can say about it
thought i would love this
it didn't work for me
didn't do too much for me.
that could just be because of my skin type
really what mask doesn't?for the price i expected more
not sure it does anything for me.
this product is not for you
i actually did a lot of research before i splurge on this product
i wouldn't recommend this
it's not exactly ground breaking
it wasn't bad, it was just...okay.
i could still smell it
i really couldn't tell much of any difference in my skin at all after using it
this doesn't work for me
i do not recommend this product to anyone.
i did not like this product.
this didn't do that as much as i would have liked
i don't love how harsh it is
i never get enough product
if it ain't broke don't fix it
why dermadoctor decided to fix something that wasnt broken is beyond me
when it does work it puts out such a piddly amount that it's more frustrating than anything else
this product really doesn't work for me
i could not get rid of them
that's when i knew this product was not for me
i do not recommend
i would not recommend this to even my worse enemy
if you've ever tried youthmud from glamglow
honestly i can't say much about this wash.
it does sting but not too bad.
didn't feel like this would be different
if i didn't see any results i could easily return the product
this cleanser did nothing for me.
i also didn't see any improvements
i could not get past the smell of this product.
just realized that it's full of parabans
this didn't work for me.
which i am not a fan of
this doesn't make me red or anything like that
it just doesn't work
i don't know why
do the same thing
figured it would work miracles
doesn't seem like it did anything really.
it certainly didn't stop it from happening
this didn't really do anything for me
it did not work at all
maybe i have not used long enough.
when you attempt to apply anything over it
it's not great enough to repurchase
this may work to other people but not for me.
i did not notice any improvements at all
i can't say it did anything wonderful for my skin either
i don't know if it gonna works for my skin
t obviously didn't do what it was meant to do
at least for me anyway
i don't know if the serum caused the breakout or if it didn't do a good job of preventing it or if i was going to break out no matter what
that just isn't what has happened
i wish i could say this worked
this product did not work well for me at all
didn't do much for my breakouts.
although it didn't get worse
it just didn't do anything for me
sadly i am not one of them
sure it didn't smell like oranges
money wasted as i couldn't return it anymore
it does not come with the pump in the photo.
hope it's still the same formula
it did not come with a pump
i came on here to see what others had to say.
it's not bad in any way
i couldn't tell it did anything for my skin
for me, this wasn't bad, but wasn't great either.
not sure what happened but i'm done using it now.
on the hunt for something that actually works!
this didn't cut it
i am just not sure i can tolerate the smell from this product
i don't know what it is with philosophy products
loves hence why i tried it
it really didn't do much of anything for my skin
i notice some people saying how it helped their acne
it's really a hit or miss with that
really know if you like it or not
if it's for you
i want to like it
this is sadly going in the trash
i didn't notice any differences to my face after a month of use
so it's something else.
since others seem to like it
i returned because i did not get the effect i desired
i didn't see any power in it
the same thing happened without the retin-a
didn't see a difference on my skin
i simply did not see any improvement
i know it's entirely possible this stuff didn't cause my breakout-from-my-nightmares
i really don't know why
i did not care for this moisturizer at all.
although the product doesn't seem to last too long
this just didn't work for me.
i did not realize by the description that this was nightime only
sadly it is not
on the nights i did not use it
do not notice any change the lines around my eyes
it definitely does not warrant the $100 price tag
this is not it
i would pass on this, especially since it's $100.
i am trying to like this product, just not yet...
anyway the point is that i would not pay $100 for this
it did not do anything for me
did not stay well under makeup
it didnt do anything for me
did not see much results with this product.
the pump did not work properly.
i honestly don't know why they would recommend this
not only was the smell overwhelming to the point of not being able to ignore it
i wouldnt not recommend for oily skin even though more than one store associate has told me to use it for my skin type
i just simply couldn't st
it just did not do anything for me
didn't need to apply makeup
i mean to be fair
the only thing i'm happy about with this is that it didn't break out my skin
if anything i think it caused more
not the product for me
skin didn't clear up either.
also the smell did bother me a bit.
it does not make me break out
it does not do anything for my skin either
as this product does nothing at all
didn't irritate or break it out
this just doesn't feel same to me
as i have never found any product that could actually do this
i do not plan on rebuying
i felt as if i hadn't put enough on
return it didn't work for me.
it didn't do too much for me
did not care for.
it does what it's supposed to do
doesn't make me breakout
unfortunately, the night cream disappoints me.
i don't see any improvement for my skin.
i don't see alot of extra improvements to my skin that people claimed
however, it has not helped me with my acne.
it didn't make anything worse
it didn't improve my skin
it didn't make me break out or anything
i don't feel like it did miracles either
i can't really blame the product itself because i've had terrible acne for twenty years
it doesn't do anything!
nothing happened to my skin
didn't really help with acne much.
i didn't see any change in my skin
you notice that it's making you break out more stop immediately
it's not bad to begin with
can't even explain it
i don't know if this has helped me.
there wasn't a single change in my skin
since it didn't work on me
it did not clear my acne
i never had bad acne
not only did it not clean my face like other cleansers it also made me break out terribly which i normally don't
i will not be one of those people who say it is a terrible product because everyone's skin is different
it did not work for me maybe because it was too gentle
didn't end up loving this enough to keep it
didn't help with breakouts at all...
it didn't make my skin worse
it didn't do anything to help it either
for me it didn't do the trick
did nothing for my acne
honestly i don't know
other than that i feel it's just same as others
doesn't work in the least when i'm having a breakout
i didn't see any results.
i got so used to it essentially doing nothing that i thought i must have a mutant
it doesn't do a thing.
it's not strong enough
i don't find this to do anything special.
doesn't feel like anything when it goes on
i don't see any results
ask what they recomend we do
it's never failed me
it did not seem to make a difference at all with any of my blemishes
with the system i don't think it did anything
whatever the case, what a waste of money!
i would not recommend this to anyone.
my skin did not change
i do not recommend this product.
it doesn't work as well
it simply doesn't work.
sadly this product was not one of them
this product didn't help me
didn't make it worse
didn't work for me and don't recommend.
didn't see any improvements at all
did not specify that it will only really help brown spots
didn't even know what it was
didn't notice any improvements
otherwise it did nothing for me
i want to throw it out
didn't do anything for my skin.
i can not recommend this product
i didn't feel like they were fading
i can't stand it.
this stuff didn't work out
do not use this product
i didn't see it make a big difference on my cheek
this product did not work for me.
i would not recommend it.
i did not see any difference.
it didn't do much for me
i would not recommend this for anyone with my skin type
for me this product did not work.
not sure why people complain about it
anyway on to the review
because of the amount of bad alcohol it can't be recommend for anyone
unfortunately this is a miss for murad.
it didn't help to fade my marks
i can't tell because i break out constantly
one of those products that you are not sure if it works
really did not see any results
definately doesn't do anything at all
not what i wanted
in fact most people would probably assume that's what they are
it didn't do the job that it's supposed to do.
he wouldn't have ordered themself just "because"
i didn't feel like they controlled oil all day long
i didn't know what to think because the cream is quite heavy
did the job fine
didn't break me out
i did not like
it seemed like my face did not absorb it at all
i like it, but i'm not in love.
did not smell terrible
i don't think so.
wouldn't say it's an amazing night cream or anything
it did not work for me they way the product is described to work
this wasn't living up the promise for me
think enough time for it to work
it didn't break my skin out
dosen't work for me no result at alll .
can't really notice a difference on my face after a month
this cream is not for me.
let you know how my spots are
will not purschase after im done
unfortunately this is one of the few that falls under can not
i think it would be great for others who don't have that issue
just not for me
though i love this line because it doesn't break my face out
can try something else
i would not recommend this product.
did not absorb for me nor did it have any impact on any imperfections as it claimed
does not do anything at all
did nothing for me.
didn't affect my fine lines
i dont even have any major ones
didn't really see changes
just may not be the treatment for me.
it did not clear my acne
this did not help.
this won't work for you
i do not recommend this product to anyone.
did not clear up my acne
really didn't work for my skin.
didn't really clear the breakout
had never tried anything from this acne line
i don't feel it did anything regular bar soap did for my face
it didn't do much
it may work for others, but not for me.
it didn't help my acne go away either.
for whatever reason this doesn't work on my face
sadly it didn't do anything
didn't notice any difference in my skin
it didn't even remove my make up :
i find that it doesn't do much else
i feel like it just doesn't do the job i need
it did not help clear my acne either.
i couldn't believe how many blemishes i ended up with
this is not that.
i did not find it to help my skin at all
it just didn't do anything.
i honestly did not see any results or change to my acne or blemishes
didn't notice any difference in my skin
i would not recommend this stuff or the line at all
it did not make a difference on my pores
i am not crazy about this product
literally did nothing for my skin.
i wouldn't recommend this product because it doesn't promise what it's advertising
sadly it made hardly no difference
as far as my acne blemishes it did not do what i needed
didn't do a thing on my skin
really didn't notice anything.
didn't help didn't do anything bad.
this product did not work for me at all
this probably works wonders
it doesn't do much otherwise
it doesn't cause harm either
i don't like boscia so that might be the problem
i didn't really notices any difference after using it for about a month
i still don't see any big improvement
so i tried it.
that's about all it has going for it.
see if that works
this didn't work for me.
didn't notice a difference at all
unfortunately it doesn't work for me
did nothing for my acne
i didn't notice any difference as far my breakouts
i also did not see any improvement in my skin
it didn't make it worse either
i didn't notice any difference in my complexion whatsoever
'm not sure if it's the combination of the products that is keeping my skin clear or a single product
it did not clear my breakout at all
did not make it worse
at least it didn't make my face worse
did nothing for my skin.
it did not feel like it was cleaning whatsoever
that's it in a nutshell really.
i don't usually return products but i did this.
i don't know if it really does much for my skin
-- i don't think product made much of a difference
unfortunately, it did nothing for me.
because it didn't seem to clean very well
because it didn't work in either capacity
however i have yet to find a cleanser from clinique that either does not flair up my rosecea
washing it didn't really help.
now that it didn't work
i didn't notice any 'mild exfoliation' like the product description states
fortunately i did not break out.
i don't know if i broke out or if it's just my rosacea
it definitely did not help the redness whatsoever
honestly i think it's worse
now i got stuck with something that doesn't help my problem
i tried it alone
it just didn't satisfy me
why they'd put something like this into something meant for people with roseacea
'm not even sure why i would put it on my face at all
i keep reading the description trying to figure out what it does
my experience has been that it doesn't do much of anything to improve my complexion or anything else
it didn't matter time of day
did not see a difference at all
didn't do much for my redness
can't really tell after 2 weeks of using.
kinda exspensive if it doesn't.
which doesn't really mean anything
this product didn't help at all
didn't see any obvious change
i don't think this product has any long-term effects either
i dont notice any results
not to mention the awful smell.
i realize it's probably not a miracle worker
which didn't concern me at first
plus it didn't do what it promised at all.
i am really not sure if this works or not.
that others say it is for them
i didn't use it long enough to really see if it worked for redness
it did not exactly do as it says it should
it also did not change anything with my skin
i do not think this is worth it if i was to use it just as a moisturizer
will try to find something else.
it did not make any difference in my skin tone
it does not seem to absorb well
just does not stay well at all
this does nothing for it
not only my skin doesn't respond to it
i did just what the directions told me to do.
for $45, that's not okay.
it hasn't done anything
this product did nothing to help with it.
it did not irritate my skin bu tit also didn't help much
i don't expect wonders
just what they claim
didn't notice any effect on the fine smile lines i have
the main reason i would not buy this again is because there is too much fragrance in this product that can't possibly be good for the skin
unfortunately, this product did not work for me.
didn't expect it to feel like this based on what it cost
it didn't do anything for me after a reasonable time using it
i will have to use more of the product before i can tell for sure if it does all that it says it will do
i never saw any effect or change.
it didn't burn or smell bad so i'll give it that.
i didn't know much of a change in my skin other than it feeling really soft afterwards
however, it did nothing for me.
i did not notice any difference in my skin texture
i think this is the kind of product that you need to use 'long-term'
sad it didn't do anything.
it smells nice but doesn't do much
so confused how this works for other people.
i would not recommend if you have my skin type!!
it didn't do any good for my skin either.
wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
i definitely didn't like what it did to my face as i seemed to break out all over after rinsing the product off
i've honestly never used a product that broke my skin out so badly
it feels like it does nothing
i didn't mind it when it was on my skin
given the type of mask it is that didn't surprise me or bother me
i didn't notice any difference in my skin after taking it off
this product does not help at all
one thing i did notice
that is one thing that i have not found this product to give me
i didn't expect a product to break me out so bad
t's not for my skin
i see no real difference after use
it doesn't really "wow" me otherwise
didn't do anything for my skin
all i can say is i am glad i only tried a sample this did nothing at all for my skin
can find what works for me
it also did nothing for my face
i did not notice any results
just to see what would happen
so sometimes when i am in a hurry
didn't notice any difference
just not this one
i can already tell a difference
didn't see any change in my skin
it had no effect on my dark circles or anything really
i can't say it works yet
then again, i can't say it doesn't work either...
it's hard to judge how much moisturizer i actually need
wouldn't not buy or recommend.
for some reason my skin just couldn't get used to/benefit from this product
it doesn't really work
not only it didn't make my under eyes better
although i don't think this product can hurt
i did not notice any difference when i used it
actually it did not help much
it does not have any effect on the dark circles around my eyes
it didn't do anything for me
did nothing for my dark cirlces
didn't do anything to the dark circles
doesn't really do anything to improve dark circles which is the main reason i got it for
i don't like this.
i didn't expect it will completely reduce my dark circles
this didn't really help my dark circles at all.
didn't get any better
it did nothing for my dark circles
maybe one of these days someone will make a product that can really do something
mostly i think it's all you-know-what
i did not use this each
i just don't have the discipline for that when i see no results
i literally see no difference
so for that i give props
this did not improve them in any way shape or form
i did not notice any improvement in my dark circles
unfortunately i did nothing for my dark circles
f i look any younger…you know what happens right?
i don't need anymore kids
didn't do much for dark circles
i didn't see any results from this product.
i did use this faithfully morning and night, too.
if you are in your 20's
not too worried about fine lines this may be the cream for you
if you are in your 30's like me
this was not enough moisturizer for me
i don't conclude it it terrible bc it did work for other people
think it's just my problem
i am thinking maybe those aren't dark circles
maybe that's why this
spots did not work for me
still it did nothing what a waste of almost 60 bucks
it did nothing for my eye circles
not only have i not seen an improvement
do not spend a dime on this product
it didn't do anything for my dark circles
it didn't do anything bad
it definitely didn't do anything at all
have not seen much change on my under eyes yet
for now it's 3 stars since i don't know whether it will work/is working yet
have not seen hardly any results
thats about all it does
this cream is not it
just havnt seen any result
it didn't help with dark circles at all
it didn't seem to help with any of it
that's why some say it "goes when i apply makeup"
i don't think so
it did zilch for me
i guess it just wasn't for me
it did seem to help my dark-circles
too bad it didn't match my skin-type
here's what i have to say
i did not see any improvement for my dark circles
like i am sure any other eye cream will do
i do not see a difference
this cream is not for me
don't believe the hype.
sometimes not at all
it doesn't even last until morning
did not benefit or hydrate my skin whatsoever
nothing i thought it would be
it did not work for my skin type
it does the job
i didn't care about the outside anymore
i didn't find that it really helped too much with hydration
it just doesn't do anything for me
it still does nothing
think i'm doing something wrong
i don't think i am:/
still don't like it
it wouldn't soak in my skin no matter how long i let it set for
i love clinique don't get me wrong!
wanted to see what's the difference between them
doesn't make me break out
it's a shame sephora didn't post my previous review
the other half asks if the burn is really worth it
didn't like the scent, but it did go on smoothly.
i personally can't get over the scent though.
not sure if it's meant to burn a little or what
i did not like the feeling it gave me
you wouldn't know that by the smell
don't remember them being overly scented so not sure why this one is
does not work for under makeup.
i would say probably not
3- i dont know how people think of it as a "primer"
didn't see or feel any difference.
this one didn't work for me personally
do not recommend this product!
not a fan of the smell.
maybe it's because i am only 23
i can't speak to how well it works under foundation
i think it's way too expensive to not do what it is supposed to
my opinion didn't change.
find a way to make do
t did not go to waste :-
that's about the only good thing i can say about this product
it has a strong smell, but that didn't bother me.
didn't actually improve my skin at all
did nothing for me.
i found it to do nothing
so it's just okay.
so you really don't know how much cream is actually in the jar
that's not a reason to spend so much money because you won't see any effect
this didn't work well for me
don't do it with this one
it's not what i expected.
didn't like this at all.
smell never goes away-not a fan.
if this is true
i forget the reason.
i need an exfolliant which this so does not do
so for me, it doesn't work.
i don't even want to use this product anymore.
it didn't make me breakout
it also didn't improve my skin in anyway
i think i might try something else
not sure if its the dmae in the product not agreeing with me or if i'm not wrinkled enough
hesitatnt to try anything else from the line
i just could not use it
i just don't get the hype.
but, it did not change my skin.
i gotta say for amount of money i paid i saw noooooo result
expensive; but don't see result.
at the end, it doesn't sustain.
can't say i've seen any improvements
nor did i see improvement for dark circle
i will never use it anymore
did not deliver what was advertised
this is just not for me.
this one did not live up to my expectations
have not see a difference
it might work for you
saw no change what so ever
not sure which ingredient was the problem as i have not had this happen before with eye cream
can't say if it works under those circumstances
i can say that it had no effect whatsoever on the fine lines around my eyes
while i didn't do much for the fine lines
did not work for me at all and it stings.
i've never had a reaction to any other product
i dont see drastic changes as i did before
apparently it is not avaliable anymore nor do i remember the products name
have not gotten any results
i can not tell why it is called advanced
for the $ did not love it.
this product did not work for me
so my lack of results is not to say this is a poor product
it did not irritate mine
even if i weren't allergic it still didn't do wonders
i don't suggest at all
i really didn't notice any results during that time
i did with this
i did to this one
perricone products that didn't do much for me
i did not see any difference than what i was getting from what i was using
i just cant justify it
i don't see or feel any difference between this
i knew it would never work
not for me since
just can't justify keeping it
this doesn't do it.
not to mention the horrific smell.
i do not like this product
this one does an ok job.
though it does the job fine
not only did this not live up to even one of the promises
i did not get it into my eyes
didn't work for me
i guess i stupidly assumed that the big price would come with big results
i need to keep looking because this product isn't do an dang thing
anyway, that's my experience with this product.
not sure what i think about this.
at first i didn't notice anything
you might want to re-think this
this unfortunately did nothing for me.
still have not seen any results
i really needed it for that reason alone
doesn't do anything amazing for my skin
i don't notice any difference when i use it or not
where you want it
certainly nothing like the 5 stars i see -- gads
just don't get it at all.....
have not noticed much difference yet
i wasn't crazy about it
i really wanted this to work but it did not.
it did nothing else for me
didn't feel like it was doing much cleansing when i used it
didn't work for me
didn't do much for skin tone or break outs either
it was not for me
they don't seem to stand behind products.
about 1/3 of the lists say this stuff has almond oil while other sources say it does not
yet, i do love the 3 little wonders.
i did not like the scent.
i don't know what it is.
doesn't do anything special for your skin
i really didn't like this cleanser
didn't notice a difference in my skin
sadly it does not work for me
i honestly don't even think it cleans your face
i know you are supposed to avoid your eye area
that still didn't help
i won't be using this product anymore.
i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because i appreciate the fact that there isn't any fragrance
didn't work well under my makeup
i could not bear the smell
nor did i like the fact that the moisturizer left a weird "film" on my face afterwards
it was like it didn't absorb properly or something?
it didn't work well with my skin
it didn't make me break out which is good
i like it but i do not love it.
i can't chose one reason why i don't l like this moisturizer
i did not like the feel of this
it didn't do the deed
and, it doesn't harm my skin that i can see.
don't waste your time or money on this one
i don't care what this does or how it performs because i cannot get over the stink
i am extremely glad i didn't buy the full size because this just did not work for me
though i would not recommend this to anyone
i would not recommend this
i wouldn't say it's been anything life changing for me however i have not experienced any downsides to using it
i don't have to wait long for it to absorb or anything
i think it's not for me.
i honestly can't say it did all that much
it didn't make anything worse
unfortunately it didn't work for me.
nothing else in my routine had changed
to someone who doesn't have easily upset skin i'm sure this would be a lovely product
i didn't notice any changes in my skin
unfortunately, it did not live up to it's hype.
this did not do anything for me
i feel like with this one you're not paying for the effectiveness
i wouldn't suggest this product
it didn't break me out which is a huge plus
don't get me wrong, the product isn't bad.
it was like i hadn't even used it
don't see much difference otherwise
they did not work well for me
i did not find it mattifying nor did it decrease my break-outs
can at least say that this product did not dry my skin out
i did not have much luck with this product.
did not work for me
but alas it didnt work at all!
did not see any difference in using it
this just didn't cut it
so far i am not sure
this didn't work for me at all.
thought this might help it some
i dont have that many breakouts
dont know if it helped with that
i dont think it did anything for me
i don't think it mattifies anything at all
and this one... did not make any miracle.
i guess the only reason of the high price is just because it's from givenchy
i can tell it's working because my face has been glowing- however
while it didn't burn
it actually isn't bad
it does not break me out
i wanted to like it
but i just don't.
this one is a no for me
i didn't notice any difference in my skin after using it every day for a week
no way i would ever use this not even if it magically made my skin perfect
guess it's good if you or the people you live with have no sense of smell
overall i guess it did not absorb.
just can't get past the smell to see if it delivers any results
not sure why it bothers me so much
i do like this, don't get me wrong.
i am not sure if i am using too much
while it did not break me out
which does not usually happen
the greasiness is enough to make me not want to use it anymore
i don't think it does enough "miraculous" stuff to justify the very high price
not enough to put makeup on
as i don't have to worry about wrinkles just yet
i don't think i'll be buying this
i expected this stuff to blow my mind, it didn't.
i didn't notice any changes to my skin
unfortunately, it didn't do anything special.
which it did not
thus the reason this product did not agree with me
not what i like
it wasn't anything special
i definitely wouldn't pay the price for it
it did not live up to expectations
it doesn't really do anything for my skin
it really didn't have any benefits to my skin other than some moisture
i didn't see any long term effects of using this product
does not do anything to my skin
doesn't do much at all for me
i would never a penny for this, let alone $112??
couldn't wait to try it because a lot of youtubers rave about it
i don't see it doing much else
two stars rather than one because it didn't do anything negative to my skin either
this product doesn't do anything to my skin
i used a whole jar of this mask but didn't work.
this mask didn't do much for me
i didn't feel or see any results
it doesn't do anything my cheaper masks cannot do
does not seem to do anything.
do not really notice much
it really doesn't do anything though
$92 for a product that doesn't do anything?
you may like it
i didn't get any results from this.
it's definitely something i wouldn't buy.
don't expect anything else
didn't harm my skin
i don't see anything happening
even though the price doesn't bother me
i didn't notice any difference in my face appearance after use
it didn't do that much
i will keep using though because i do feel like my skin didn't get irritated from it like other products i have used
this is the only product so far i am not sure i like
this product didn't work for me.
i did not notice any difference in my skin after using multiple times
i could only say this is not for me.
didn't do anything for my skin
didn't like the smell
i just can't recommend this
it didn't continue to add value to my skin
i wonder if anyone mentioned this
will not use it
this is not for me
i recommend this only to people with very acne-prone yet not prone to sensitivity- if i've ever heard of such a thing-no way
i just wanted to warn others whose skin is like mine
i didn't give it 1 star because it would be unfair
wow did this irritate
i don't know what i expected
it doesn't remove make up that well to be honest
honestly i would return it if i didn't live so far from sephora
it did not remove my makeup
it does say "not for individual sale" on it so maybe it is like that because it is kind of sample
i honestly doubt that
i can not say if i have ever run into a product that i hate more than this one
didn't want to waste it
didn't work for my skin
s still doesn't work
i probably won't notice since i am way too distracted by the fragrance
i will use up the tube since it doesn't seem to break me out so far
i don't like this!
i won't use it anymore after 2 tries
this does that to me.
which one might think is what the "residue" is
i could tell that it was wrong
this may be a good product, but i didn't like it.
when i got this home it didn't seem to budge my makeup
maybe if you do light-normal applications
it didn't seem to do much at all for me
doesn't have the fragrance that i loved about the other one
what i do like about
doesn't do as good a job
figured that i would try it out
it just wasn't for me .
don't get me wrong
that work exactly the same
unfortunately it didn't do much of anything for me in regard to dryness
i still am not sure what this does
the good thing about this is that it didn't cause me to break out
honestly don't really know what to do with it
skip this unless you have a lot of money you wanna drop
it did break me out
my skin didn't cooperate with the oil
it just wouldn't come off
i did not see great results
sorry, but this is a no go for me
it does nothing but break me out.
would not recommend to anyone.
it doesn't really do anything to my hair either
it just didn't "do it" for me.
i guess it's true that you get what you pay for.
then i did some research.
see if that changes anything
what do you know
it did nothing for me
my skin looks exactly the same if i use this product or if i don't
it didn't do much.
i mean it literally does not work.
wouldn't suggest it at all.
i'd suggest you not even get near it in the store
i actually think it's making it worse
if you do some research
is not the same thing
if i see a difference
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
this product wasn't for me.
i didn't feel like this produce lived up to its st
it does not feel as if it absorbed
apparently it's something else because i didn't get nearly the amount of moisture from this product
i don't know how it's possible
unfortunately, this was a fail for me.
this didn't do anything for my skin
i guess it happens.
did not irritate my skin
after using it for 3-4 weeks i still can't see what the fuss is about
not sure why this costs so much money
this one did not work out for me
this really didn't do it for me.
right away i didn't notice any difference with this under my moisturizer
it didn't help my little fine lines
this did nothing for me unfortunately.
which hasn't happened to me with other clinique products
it's not for the good
it didn't make me breakout or cause problems to my skin
would not be without it
it just didn't work for me.
doesn't break me out
i will return this product & try something else.
it didn't work for me
i did not care for this at all.
does not control oil at all.
my skin did not like it all
the same bottle w/out the spf will probably work best for me i'm not sure
it's okay for the summer time for sure
doesn't do much in the way of fighting lines
hadn't used anything else on my face besides this
maybe i wasn't supposed to put in on my eyelid
why did they mess with a good thing.
i did not like how you had to scoop the product out either
i couldn't believe it
i can tell that they changed their formula which i am not crazy about
this would've been a good product if it didn't cause my breakouts
now, clinique does not have it.
i sadly had to stop using it.
i did not like this moisturizer.
it didn't feel soothing to me or anything like that
i dont have any real complaints about this except that i didnt feel as if it was doing much
not that i do that often
not sure what's going on.
please do not buy this product.
i do not recommend this product.
do not waste your money.
i don't hate it but i'm not in love with it.
i can't believe how bad it smells
the smell just doesn't agree with me at all.
although i didn't try it on my eye makeup
however i am not crazy about the scent
unfortunately, he doesn't like it neither.
but the smell is so bad, i almost can't stand it.
i don't mean i don't care for it
i wonder if i got a bad batch.
i can't use it fast enough
one major thing i don't like about it is the pump doesn't work properly- maybe it's just mine
would not recommend it to anyone.
however, i did not like this one.
i don't like it
it didn't help to clear my complexion
this was nothing like what thought it should be
i could not get past the fragrance
my makeup did not stay in place
i almost didn't need any perfume
i want to prevent them though
didn't bother my allergies
unfortunately it was the worst mistake i did for my eye
didn't think much of it
it just seemed to sort of... sit there.
i didn't really like it
it didn't seem to do much for my dark circles.
the very little that i have didn't disappear
i will not recommend this.
they didn't hydrate enough for me
even in the morning i am stuck with it i don't know where to use it
what product every one else is reviewing because i am telling everbody right now that this product does not work
because it sure can't be this one!
it didn't work for me
wanted to try something that wouldn't leave me shiny
didn't do anything for oil control
in my case it did not .
i know it's probably because of the spf in it
it still doesn't do what it claims
i do not recommend this at all!!
i gave it 3 stars because it does exactly what it's suppose to
i do not suggest this
it just doesn't work for me
this product didn't work for me
this sadly did not work for me
it just doesn't work
unfortunately that is not the case
this didn't work for me at all.
i don't hate it either
this product just didn't work for me:
didn't work for me
not only did i break out
honestly there was no difference
to each his own i guess.
i didn't see any change/relief as far as oil control
certainly didn't leave my face matte at all
my skin did not love this.
i found that i didn't necessarily need to oil blot my face
paper which is weird because that never happened before
it did nothing for me in regards to oil control
not sure it does much.
this product definitely does what its supposed to
this product will do nothing for you
i didn't find that it helped with oil control
did not help at all with breakout
i would definitely return it if i didn't brake original package
i do not use this as a st
i did not feel matte after trying to use for a month
did not matte my face as said
i didn't like it
i didn't know what was the reason because the break out wasn't immediate
it still didn't help my breakouts
asked me what was wrong with my skin
i guess i will try that
it just wasn't meant to be
the only pro i can say about this product is the how much it foamed up when used with my clarisonic
this is not terrible, just not for me.
i also did not like the product's scent.
rritating to the eyes even if you don't directly use around eyes
light enough for me
other than that i did not see any changes to my skin
every day doesn't work out
maybe if your skin does not need much moisture
this might work for you
for all that i would righer pay $20-$30 not $70
however, it doesn't do what it is supposed to do.
it didn't do a thing for them.
it did nothing is the reason for the poor review
i do not recommend this.
have not loved or hated it
i don't have many wrinkles so perhaps they're not deep enough for this cream to really do anything about them
for some reason i couldn't find it
i don't see a difference in my lines
no matter how hard i try not to get it too close to my eyes
i can honestly say i tried to overcome the hardships of this eye cream
i know i should be wearing something at night
don't bother with any of this lancome line.
this product did nothing for me
i used it long enough to be sure
even brought out some tiny ones i didn't know i had
i figured that it was just the light.
this just didn't do anything special for me
this one just didn't seem to work for me
it just didn't help me
needless to say after a month
i did not see any results
at least i did not notice any.
i do not like this stuff
im not sure about the fine lines
this one just didn't work out
this one definitely didn't make the cut
if i use it dailly
nothing has even done that to me before
i do not see a difference
i found the product did not do what it was to do!
it was very pricey and and did not work.
i don't see much difference with or without it
sorry, not for me.
i would think by noe i would see some difference
i do not recommend this product.
i didn't see any change whatsoever
i still have the bottle because i didn't want to return to the store to be convinced on buying something else
just wanted to warn you all
i didn't see much difference
i can't imagine using this every day.
i did give it two stars because it did not break me out
this did nothing for me.
maybe for someone in need of something for aging
it just didn't work out for me
it did irritate my skin a lot even when i used it every other night
i think a lot of it was my own fault
it was not for me
i think the product just didn't like my skin!
so far, i have ot noticed any big difference.
not sure what to do at this point.
i don't yet see anything this has done
for it's price, i would not recommend.
i wouldn't recommend it for people who have the same type of skin
i will say, that i think it's just not for me.
i am not sure what exact ingredient caused the problem
sad this didn't work for us
will have to try something else
but that is the only thing i like about it.
the packaging however it just didn't seem to do much for me
just didn't seem heavy enough for night
i feel if i used this twice a day my skin would not get enough moisture
i did not have that morning before i applied
it just doesn't soak in well enough on me i guess
i would definitely not recommend this product to anyone simply because it is not gentle
it does exactly what it says.
it didn't wow me
if you do not have really dry skin then please stay away from this product
this was not one of them
i did not like this product.
this is not something i would want to spend money on
i happen not to want it at all.
while i have loved every other kate somerville product i have purchased this simply did not moisturize my skin
i don't not like this product.
i know i'm not the only person who was confused about this
it just did not work for me
i didn't think my skin was too sensitive until i tried this
what i needed it to do.
i also didn't like the smell.
somehow i got this
i am giving it two stars only because i believe that its probably a great product for someone else
it didn't do anything for my skin.
after a while i wasn't even sure if it was cleaning my skin properly
so not sure why that was i was also using the exfloikate
this product wasn't anything special.
it did not help my acne whatsoever.
if that's not something you're willing to try for like a month or 2 stay away
i broke out so bad i couldn't take it
didn't have a strong smell.
this product did not live up to the hype.
however it didn't help.
it didn't make anything worse
this might work for you
just didn't do anything for me
unfortunately, it does waste a lot of product.
this stuff did not do that
the only plus is it didn't make me breakout
it's up to you if you want to try
i feel like i'm wasting product because i don't have as much control on the amount that comes out
it didn't show any results for 5 months.
did not work for me
did not do anything for my breakouts
i didn't notice a difference at all
too bad it's going back.
you never know how much is in the container until you run out
just not my nose
i probably won't buy this again because it's so expensive
it's sad that it doesn't work well at its price.
i didn't break out
doesn't break me out
honestly does nothing out of the ordinary
i don't fall into either
t was not good for my skin
at first it didn't bother me
it didn't make me breakout
it does nothing to control oil
i would not recommend.
the smell is so bad i can't even get past it to see if it works
see if i like it
i just don't care for this
although this is one of very few moisturizers that didn't break me out
it didn't provide any hydration
sadly this product doesn't
using only one pump was not enough
can't speak to the benefits of the product
i do not like the smell at all
i really can't wait till i find something better
this moisturizer did not "wow" me enough to be worth the $65
that would do its job
this product is not for everyone.
unfortunately didn't work for me
i've never had any luck with kate somerville products so this is just another miss for me
this product did zero for me
this was not for me.
this product just simply isn't for everyone.
it was so bad for me i thought i would never leave the house
this didn't really do much for me.
i mean it was't bad
just didn't do much of anything
it didn't do anything for my skin.
this product does nothing to my face
i didn't even touch it after the 2nd day i got it
it saddens me to say this is a total fail for my skin type
the design made it impossible to tell how much product is left
i didn't have high expectations from the smell because it says "goat milk"
i didn't think it would be this bad
i am in search of something else
it didn't break me out
it does the job
it didn't make me break out
i give it two stars because it didn't break me out
there doesn't seem to be a happy medium here.
then i start to realize that it's not hydrating enough
did not cause any breakouts
i tried to tolerate it
it was impossible for me
unfortunately for me this mosturizer did not work with my skin
the pump isn't working anymore after a week of use
however it doesn't get absorbed by my skin at all no matter the area where i apply it
there might be an ingredient or two that my skin didn't agree with
it didn't make me break out or anything
it's enough to make me seek out a different product
i think i even convinced myself that it did
after reading the ingredients list there probably is not a lot of goat milk in there anyways
i wouldn't recommend it.
it didn't feel like it did anything
i don't think this cream helped it at all
it doesn't "do" enough for me
it didn't mix well with my treatment
it did not break me out
wasn't sure if it was this specific product so that's why i tried it out again
needless to say i don't like the smell
believe it or not it actually dried my skin out
not normal for me
doesn't feel the same
i won't be buying this anymore.
i can't find anything comparable
my foundation didn't apply well over it
might work for some but didn't work for me :(
not sure if it was from this product specifically
i don't think that it was helping either
this was not the right product for my skin
this never happened to me before
i didn't realize for a couple of days
i didn't experience that side-effect
just didn't work for me
wanted to see if i would love this more
you may love it
this isn't for you
didn't mind how much it would cost
however, it didn't work for me- at all.
i don't know why
i didn't see any improvement in my skins appearance after using it morning
for 150 bucks you need to do something after a week
for the price i would think this product would do wonders for my skin
i wanted it to do wonders.
it doesn't really "do" anything for the skin.
spend your big bucks on something else
i think until we learn as woman we are being taken by the industry we will keep paying ridiculous prices for things that do not do anymore for us
i didn't find it to be that effective
it is 100% over priced for a product that does not do what it says
this did not live up to my expectations at all.
this product simply was not all that good
that's why i decided to try this product
didn't help with light lines
there would be no way that makeup would apply over this stuff in my opinion
i do want to say that i have loved many other kate summerville products so this was a surprising disappointment
i don't see any other results
couldn't wait to get it off
i definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone
certainly did not quench my skin
you want it to work
i do not find that this product has enough vitamins in it to do anything substantial for the face
did not leave any shinyness
wow i can't believe how greasy this is!
i don't see how anyone could use this
which i wasn't expecting
i do not notice any real changes to my skin
or i could just use a primer
sadly this is not one of them.
still it just did nothing for me
it just didn't happen for me
didn't do much for my skin either
doesn't really do anything
then its like doing exactly opposite to what i want it to do
gave it two stars cause at least it doesn't make me break out or something
it's okay for my skin, not 'omg wow love it'.
will not repurchase because i can't justify for the money i spend on this
unfortunately, this was not the case.
i would not recommend this product for you
it sort of does what oil does
that's not really why i'm here to review
this "cleansing oil" just did not deliver
the it did not remove my makeup at all
because didn't find anything special about it
it's not that good..
it didn't remove any make-up
i would not recommend this product
but that's about it.
just didn't do much for my face in the long run
they are not harsh
this is not exactly what i expected.
you can't do that with this product
it amy work well for other but it wasn't for me.
unfortunately, i just couldn't.
not only does it smell bad
it might work for you
maybe half way not completely
see what it would do
you would think with the price this stuff would be magic
$100 for this is just ridiculous!!!!
i think they forgot that you put this on your face
regardless of what it might have done for my skin i would not recommend it due to the strong not pleasant smell
is it really worth 100$ to me nah i think i can find one cheaper that does the same
after using it for a long time it unfortunately didn't improve either
however, i just can't stand the awful smell.
miserable feeling that i couldn't use it anymore after two days
the fragrance didn't brother me like it did some other people
first, let me say i love this company.
with my skin type, it just wasn't meant to be.
see why they are to be avoided if you'd like to know more
whatever happened to truth in advertising?
this does not do what is says.
however, i could not get beyond the fragrance.
just didn't notice much
i don't use a lot of product so it can't be that.
not sure why since acne girls like me should be using oil-free
you can't tell how much is left
honestly i don't a see a difference
doesn't feel like anything is on my face
it just did nothing it was supposed to do
i truly did not notice much difference
i would say that the murad age spot
did not see any different on my face nor giving me radiance
but nothing major to make me not using it.
my make up just didn't want to stay put.
i say give it a shot
it was not a match for my skin type
this isn't going to do it
it hardly looks like i've used any
i can't say my experience with it was at all great
i've also noticed some bumps under my skin that weren't there before--that i can't blame on this product with certainty
can't tell yet but it is promising
i wanted to be able to use this product so bad because of the claims it makes
just didn't work for me
i didn't really notice a difference
for some reason this just didn't deliver
it didn't irritate it
but, i don't notice any changes either.
i did not see an improvement in 4 days like others have said
this didn't do anything for me at all.
i don't know if i'm doing it wrong
i did what it said
maybe this isnt what it promises to do
so bad that i didn't make a picture "before"
miracle did not happen
if i use it once or twice a week it doesn't do anything for me
plus, it does not work.
you must use something else to remove them
it's safe to say that for me
if anyone has any ideas
this one is not one of them!
i didn't find it to do anything amazing.
not seen anyone mention anything quite like my experience
even they're not that much of an issue
though i didn't feel anything wrong
'm not sure exactly what caused it
i do think the product does what it claims
so maybe my "improper use" is contri
this did not deliver.
they don't come out
please do not waste your money!!!
i do not extract anything from my face ever
so i don't know how to deal with skin issues.
the only thing it did was cause dry skin that caused a breakout like i've never had
just to be sure it wasn't anything else
this product doesn't do much for me
that's about all i can notice
it did not work for me
this did not work for me at all.
it honestly doesn't do much.
im not sure how effective it is
cant even use the rest of the product
this product did nothing that it was supposed to do
it did nothing to correct them.
that was not the case
i would not recommend this product because you can not use it when you can not get it out of the tube
not a lot of bang for the $$
this product does not deliver what it promises.
i dont feel that its necessary
i wouldnt say it removed them
i did not notice any difference.
i did all that and still didn't seem much better.
did not work like a "vacuum" i wish it did
this did not work for me
maybe i did not give the product enough time
i dont need much help
it didnt do anything to that effect for me
guess it did restore some hydration
did not break me out-
this does nothhing for me.
that's all i can say about it
i am not sure if i see any difference
i didn't like that it involved another product.
i would not recommend this product if you do.
wouldn't recommend anyone using it anywhere else
i did not notice any difference in the skin around my eyes after weeks of use
didn't really need it to treat wrintkes
no matter how careful i am it just splurts product all over the place
just apply the mess that way
it's the one thing i consistently use.
it's not a miracle treatment
i don't think anything is
i notice when i don't use it that i miss it.
i didn't like this at all.
can't really tell if this product has made any difference
not sure what happened
didn't want to try again
this one just wasn't what i hoped
i might didn't give it enough time
this hasn't happened with any other perricone products i use
it doesn't do much for my skin.
its not that bad in my opinion
i just could not use this because the smell is so bad
because i could not tolerate the smell
other people seemed not to be bothered
i simply couldn't st
i did not see any improvement on my skin.
i just don't agree
it's ok, i didn't see much for results.
it didn't work for me.
can't say it's really all that amazing.
i don't see any real change
i certainly haven't seen any changes that would make me look in the mirror
i don't think so.
but i'm sorry, i cannot get past the smell.
which is a shame because i know someone who swears by their products
because i dont truly know how well it works
i don't feel any change
it didn't do anything for my breakouts either
not great, but not bad either.
actually i did not
this did nothing for my acne.
i felt it didn't really do anything for it
i used this once and i didn't like it.
i didn't like how this mask feels on my skin.
i didn't like the cream at all
i did not love it at aĺl as much as she did
is this how it does the job?
i don't like it
i might just give it to my mom
that is not like me to want to give away my sephora samples
i just don't know if i can go another day with this smell on my face
it didn't make me break out
just not for me
even though i was worried because it's so rich
i've sadly spent $150 on something i can't use
i didn't see any difference in my skin.
it's still exactly the same.
i did not like it
as everyone else has stated
but i don't think this was meant for me.
i didn't notice any changes in my skin other that the fact that it looks
i don't know how to describe it.
not something you want to smell all day.
i don't see much of a difference
i dont think its "the " one for me
didn't get a chance because of the chemical smell
honestly didn't see a diference in less wrinkles or spots diminishing
i can't use it long enough to judge the quality
why oh why do companies put perfume in skin care products?
not on my face
)do not buy it!
i wish i could tolerate the smell to see if it had any great skin care benefits
asked if there was something rotten
i can not bring myself to use it consistently because of the smell
it did nothing for my skin.
it's also not terrible
issue here is i just don't see any difference to my skin
after seeing the other reviews i realized that it apparently really does just stink
not willing to find out if it works because i couldn't h
it did not irritate
who did not seem too bothered by it
honestly i couldn't keep on for one minute
if this was a miracle product, i don't want it.
it did nothing for me.
when reviewer say this smells awful they are not kidding
only giving 3 stars because i haven't used it long enough to really judge any difference
this would get 4 to 5 stars if not for the smell.
i couldn't quite place what the smell was
see if you can tolerate it
so i can't even say how well it works.
i literally have no other idea how to explain it.
i guess it works
not sure i can continue using it :/
can't believe the price on this!
won't purchase it because the smell bothers me too much
trying to ignore the smell tried it on my face anyways
this is not a product for you
maybe it will be good for someone else
can tell the product works if you can st
i couldn't even keep it on my face.
i couldn't take it
i wish this did not smell so strongly of fish oil
didn't even want to sit next to me because of how bad the smell was
tried to stop letting the smell get to me
i just could not do it
you think for this price they could do something about the smell
i didn't notice much of a difference in my skin
you'd think they'd at least try
it wasn't what i expected
could not get over smell!
i never did pay much attention to my looks
but i'm willing to overlook that if it does work.
i don't care if it work miracles
i can't speak for the results because on my first night using this
the smell is so bad that no matter what this product offers
if you want to know what it smells like
i could still smell it
so there you go.
i remember thinking that they were overreacting
i can't tolerate this
if it didn't smell sooo awful
so fishy, and it does not go away.
i honestly can't even attest to its performance because i had to wash if off immediately after putting it on due to the horrible fishy smell
i will never find out what it can actually do
this product did nothing to correct that i used everyday
it did nothing to improve my skin
i don't know if my sample had gone "bad" or what
something else i couldn't quite put my finger on
i may smell it at the store to see if i just got a bad one
i don't know if it actually works
i will never know it smells so bad i couldn't finish my sample
could not use it because it smelled just horrible
it doesn't do as much for me.
i love that it does not irritate or cause any troule on my skin
nor that it doesn't do what it's meant to do
just not for me
there isn't any product that's going to be a "miracle worker" for my dark spots
i am not too crazy about it
take everything else off
while it does do that
it didn't really deliver on the color correcting
it doesn't seem like it made enough of a difference for me to continue using it
i wanted to move off acne solutions anyway
i did like that it didn't feel so heavy
i dont recommend this to anyone.
does any one else realize the ttle says spf 20
this did not even do that
has clinque caused anyone else to breakout?
what i like about this product
this doesn't!what i don't like is the smell.
is there really an over the counter or any cream that really does that?
i found that my makeup didn't stay on as long as it usually does
maybe it's just me
this did not break me out
this leads me to believe this stuff doesn't fully absorb
i see no difference at all.
i can't see any difference
i can only use it at night bc it's impossible to apply makeup over it during the day
even though i didn't get it that close to the line
unfortunately didn't find it
didn't notice any results
other that i have nothing good to say about this product
i will switch to something else after my jar is done
when it's not on
perhaps not the right product for me.
this did not work for me.
havent noticed any real changes yet
in a possitive way anyway
did not cause any irritation
i did not notice effectives results do the dark circles around my eyes
do admit to not using it every single day so that might be the problem
i can't tell any difference in my under eye circles or fine lines
it did not for my dark circles
although i don't think it was supposed to do anything for puffiness
didn't do much for me.
my skin can't afford to use this again
anyway, this product did not work for me.
i wish it was foamier
i say give it a try
didn't feel as bad just giving it away
did nothing to clear my combination skin
i wanted to like this
can kind of try it out
it didn't make a difference to my skin like i hoped it would have
i smelled it in the store since i had heard so many reviewers say it was so bad
it didn't seem to be that bad
it did not remove it
which could explain why this product didn't work for us
it did what it was supposed to do
i would give a 3 stars since the product does what it should
i would not repurchase it since i don't love the scent
i can't put my finger on why i don't reach for this one ever
i just could not get over the smell
i realize this is a personal thing that might not bother some people
i feel like it didn't do anything for me
i like it but i am not in love with it.
which doesn't bother me too much
i mean it says no scent
i don't know if that's just the one i received or if it's just the way it is
it does nothing for me
the formula isn't there though
unfortunately, this was one of them.
didn't notice any difference
i guess the search continues.
i didn't see any difference.
didn't find this did anything except make the skin under my eyes burn for a few minutes
i don't notice a huge difference honestly
i did just that
i don't think it makes much of a difference.
do not see a change in my dark circles
nothing has changed not one thing
it did nothing for my eyes.
did not see a difference
it doesn't work at all
i didn't really notice a difference with my dark circles
it may work for someone who doesn't have that problem
not sure if it suppose to feel that way or if i just have sensitive skin
i would not recommend.
wouldn't recommend it to anyone else with sensitive skin
did nothing for my dark circles
did cause an awful skin reaction
this is not for me.
i didn't get any good results from this product
it's a bit pricey for what is supposed to do
still doesn't help me out
unfortunately there were none of the promised effects
this one doesn't live up to the price
this just hasn't done anything for me
i wouldn't suggest getting this one
did not see a difference at all
didn't really work for me.
'm not sure if that would have made a difference
and i never see any results when i use it either.
waste of money if you ask me.
i won't be trying anymore because they do nothing for me
did not notice much of a difference!
i didn't notice much of a difference
do not get in eyes
i did not have the same results
just not for me
this product doesn't make sense!
wait yes it do
t did not do nothing for the dark circles
it didn't do anything to remedy my problem
just didn't help my problem
not at all the product i thought it would be
thought i would try anyway
thought i would try this
it really did not help me at all
i did not notice a difference.
so not only do i have dark circles
this will not work for you
i wouldn't recommend it
i don't think the product does much
not sure if it works or not
maybe i haven't used it consistently enough?
was hoping for something, but nothing.
combination skin i would suggest just staying away from because this i don't feel like would do you any good either
this does the job
they said this would do the trick
but i couldn't even get past the smell.
i could still smell it
this product just didn't do it for me
unfortunately it did not for me
smell it too or not at all
told me i should get it because it's the best moisturizer she's ever used
i really didn't notice any change on my dry skin either
this product is not for me
it's not that good
it's not as good
this product doesn't work.
it didn't completely take it away.
i did notice a difference after just 1-2 applications
i did not like this product at all
it did nothing i tried it for 2 weeks
didn't change one thing
this literally did nothing for me
this had to be the culprit because nothing else in my routine had changed
i seriously can not h
i didn't see much results
people seemed to love it or hate
this product isn't amazing but isn't bad either.
i used all bottle and didn't see any result!
it did not help with the redness
frankly i don't see much change to my redness
doesn't seem to make me break out.
this doesn't seem to help that either
i can honestly say i have not noticed any redness relief at all
i don't know how else to put it
not horribly as i have other products do
this didn't do anything for the redness in my face
i will say though
while i do think that it did something to help with the redness
it literally did nothing at all.
she clearly hadn't actually used it.
not only did it not work
it didn't help at all either
does not work for me.
it's stupid expensive and it doesn't do anything.
i didn't really care for this product.
however, this does seem to work for me- kind of.
it didn't break me out
it just doesn't seem to do a lot.
however it didn't do that for me- at all
i would say it's only an "ok" moisturizer at best
unfortunately, this was a definite miss for me.
i didn't see a major difference
though i've been told it's not rosacea
unfortunately it just didn't perform
maybe it'll work for me
this did not help
unfortunately this is not it
just don't expect long term results
i do mean suffer
this will do precisely squat
disappointed that it didn't do anything for my skin nor did it replace anything already in my regimen
it was clear that it wasn't going to work for me
it's just not for me
still not for me :(
unfortunately, it did not work a bit.
i think it might be time to see a dermatologist as no redness product has actually helped me yet
this product does exactly the opposite of what it claims to prevent
this product probably won't help you
the fact is that i don't see results
i don't like it enough to repurchase
it does the opposite of what it's supposed to.
it just didn't do what i was expecting
this did not break me out
i did not repurchase because i wasn't "wowed" by it
unfortunately not for me
it didn't do much for my acne
i didn't find it drying which is surprising
it just didn't do anything for my breakouts
i don't see any benefit.
i did not notice
did not notice any "appearance" of lines
all in all i don't think it did much.
unfortunately it didn't work on me
it does not irritate
not sure i believe the claim that this really contains 1% retinol
i can't say that i see any changes/results
i never saw any results that everyone else is raving about
it did nothing for me
don't know if the formula changed or something
i will exchange it for something else!
i didn't notice any other benefit or change to my skin
t is hard to know how much i have put on
t does not lose its potency
this just didn't work for me.
as it didn't do a thing
didn't notice anything else beneficial about it.
it's hard to tell if the oil is all off or not.
kind of a rip off if you think about it.
maybe i'm just not used to the residue yet
it does mattify me instantly
i tried not even remotely applying it close to my eyes
this product did not make me break out
this just didn't go on my skin well
overall just didn't do what i expected of it
this product does not show results right away.
there is not even a difference right after i apply it--nothing
it does nothing for my skin
i don't recommend it
i don't like this at all
did nothing like it promises
don't see any results
i won't use this anymore.
i didn't care for the way it made my face feel
it's really only ok.
would not recommend this product.
i can't say i saw anything change with my pores
on which i never usually have a problem
i am not sure if it didn't mix well with my other products
i didn't like this product at all
i don't think i'll ever find something that actually keeps my oil in check
even though others have told me for years i won't have as many wrinkles
didn't work for me
i just think this line is not for me
eh, not so much.
still not a bad buy.
do not use this product
i dare not use it again because i do not want shine
i do like the line
thank goodness for sephora's liberal return policy as this would otherwise have been a very expensive mistake
it most certainly does not work at all.
i do not recommend
it was nothing like it
the smell is not my type
this stuff didn't break me out in the typical way
maybe that's why my skin acted this way?
didn't see any real anti aginh benefits
it didn't just burn
but i would not recommend it.
and i do like it.
but it is no "miracle".
sadly this product was a miss
sadly this product was a miss
this didn't work out for me
i also didn't notice any difference
this did not take off my makeup
this doesn't make me break out
i wouldn't say it's anything spectacular though.
it didn't make me break out
this does not work well for me
this just did not work
this one just did not sit right
the fact that it does actually work
what else did i expect from an oil
not what i was hoping for.
didn't do anything for my acne
i will say though
after seeing it didn't do anything for my acne i kept it in the shower
i wouldn't recommend buying it just for bacne though because of the price
this did not clean my face at all.
maybe murad not for me
i didn't expect breakouts
i found that it wasn't doing enough for my skin
i also did not like how the product did not spread well over my face with my clarisonic
it didn't help in any way
im sure it can work for others
this did not work for me im glad i tried it
unfortunately it caused me to breakout.
wished it worked for me like everyone else claims it did
i don't notice any difference
it didn't work for me
didn't dry it out or cause anything to get worse
it just didn't help it get any better
i really can't tell if there is a difference
actually i use all perricone
unforutnately i didn't see anything
maybe i wasn't able to use it long enough to see even the slightest improvement
i'll move on to something else
you don't need much
i really don't know if sephora sent me a used product
because sephora does't exchange things
i didn't want to return it by mail
now, i can't see any difference at all.
i tried it a few times because i wasn't sure
i determined that this doesn't work with my skin
don't know what the deal is
i couldn't see any sign of anything happening
'm not saying it's a bad product
not sure if my skin type is changing
my skin didn't like it
it didn't last me very long
i don't think it does anything special
not harsh at all
i didn't see much of a difference after i put it on my face
i just think it's not right for me
this product did nothing for my skin
i didn't see an improvement on my skin.
this isn't the one for you
i don't know what ingredient my skin doesn't like in this
it really doesn't like it
doesn't work for me.
it isn't anything special in my opinion
although it didn't really do anything for me
will be a no purchase from me anymore
this might work for someone else
didn't find anything special about it
i just wouldn't expect such a plain product coming from this br
bad choice on my part to just not order it
even the full face cream they have that's not labeled "daily" i used this for a long time until i realized that it wasn't my fault that i got bad skin
you can't get all of the product out
looking at something else
if you put enough on
idk what it does there is no difference whatsoever
not the other to see the difference
there really wasn't any
i guess it works?
i wanted to love this, but i couldn't.
it doesn't do anything for my eyes
doesn't work for me at all.
this product just didn't do anything for me
unfortunately this serum did not work at all
it just didn't cut it
i stopped using it because it just didn't do anything for me
not i. nor do i want it near my eyes.
i still don't know how i feel about it
it didn't do anything for me
it didn't impress me that much
i don't see any difference yet
this product is just not for me.
other than that i have nothing to say
i don't really know...?
does not do much except make your eyeliner run
it did not seem to do anything at all
it just very simply did nothting for me.
unfortunately this product did not work for me
didn't really do anything except feel a little cold
this really didn't do anything for that as well
can't tell any difference after about 2 weeks of use
not really sure this did anything?
guess it had a cooling effect
didn't help at all
didn't really see any or feel any improvements
doesn't do anything to me.
maybe it's because i don't actually have puffiness so this product is not right for me
it literally does nothing else but "de-puff".
i decided to try this, but it didn't do anything.
i'll tell you what does work though
i didn't see that this product did anything for me
see if that helps
it did not seem to work all that well on my skin
probably won't bother in the future.
i did not see changes in the lines underneath my eyes after 1
not good enough to justify the price
did not have good results
would not recommend this prodcut.
acknowledge that for years i did not take care of my skin
there wasn't enough time to tell
i can't speak to the results of the product because i returned it
something in it did not agree with my skin
i gave it 2 stars since i don't have both parts of it's system
plus the packaging is a fancy pump which will not let you know how much product is left
will not buy it any.
thought that i could learn to ignore the smell
this didn't work for me
i do not think it lives up to its claims
isn't a match for me
i do however love the mask version of this!
i found it did nothing for me
recommended me something else
did nothing for my dark circles
i don't have dark circles or anything like that
it wasn't life changing
didn't do anything for me
it is just not a bad moisturiser
because of this, i wouldn't recommend.
i don't find that there's much of a difference
but that doesn't occur everytime i use it.
wanted to love it but wasn't for me.
i can't give a good review to the product because the jar is impossible to open
i did not have shadows under my eyes
i do not think i will repurchase
i do not really notice a difference in my dark cicles though
this creme did not nothing
i did not like this.
i didn't notice any difference
this stuff did nothing for them
did nothing for the dark circles
unfortunately it didn't really do anything else for me
this may not be for you
i usually do not have reactions
if you don't get a reaction then it is an okay night cream
i like this product but don't love it.
i couldn't tell if it did any good or not?
that's about all it does
i really don't have any skin there that needs tightening
did not notice any changes in my skin
which is what i was told it would do
i like that you don't have to use a lot of it
it didn't do anything bad, by any means.
it just failed to do anything.
don't take me too personally
maybe it'll work for you.
if you want a reference
this just didn't work for me.
giving three stars because even though it didn't do anything for me
it still didn't mess anything up
but i found it didn't do either for me.
it didn't break me out or cause breakouts to get worse
it just didn't do anything at all?
i found it didn't really do anything for my skin.
in terms of improving the look of my skin it did not do that
i really wanted to take the time to write this review because this product did absolutely nothing for me
i don't mind about the duration if it would of done something
needless to say i quit this product
couldn't see a single difference
taking off eye makeup wasnt enough anymore
didn't do anything for me
didn't like the smell of the product
i do not think it made me breakout more
it certainly isn't a miracle
this did not work for me.
did nothing to brighten or smooth my skin or anything it says it will do
i didn't feel that it had lasting effects
didn't seem to do much
i really don't want to give this a bad review.
this didn't work for me
you just have to find the one that's for you
it's not a terrible product
for days i could not figure out what the smell was
i still can't deal with it
don't know that i can possibly use it all
that's actually how it smells
then i see in reviews that it's not really an eye cream—it's more of a base
went on here to see if anyone else had a problem with the smell
i could not believe it.
i did not see any of the awesome promised results
i can hardly st
i just must be the one that it doesn't work for.
i could not get past the smell
sorry to say it made all worse.
i wasn't aware it was so bad.
for almost $100 you'd think they could fix that smell
as nobody else is having allergies
i am not going to lie
i only got this yesterday so really don't know the long term results yet
just wanted to let everyone know this does smell!
maybe they're just not for me
i don't recommend this
this is not for me!
also the fact that it didn't help me
i love perricone, and wanted to try this.
maybe it's because i'm still in my 20's
i just couldn't bear it anymore
which i did not
i wasn't prepared for the awful smell.
after the second night i couldn't take it anymore
the bad smell did not help matters either.
i can not really say that i have noticed a difference
maybe it does work wonders
i can't really say that i have noticed much of a difference in the areas that it is supposed to correct
i really wish i could have used this
i am sure there is something else out there with the same results
don't waste your money unless you can st
t's not like there's a lot of work to do
i just wish something could be done about the scent
why does it have to smell so bad?
i can't stop laughing about the woman's review who said her "dog thinks she's withholding treats
does not have any of this
i don't notice a difference at all anymore
while i love what the product does
i don't know if i'll reorder
i wanted so badly to love this product because it's so comprehensive
the smell is so awful it's impossible to know whether it works
some people don't seem to mind at all
i didn't notice any difference either.
it doesn't do the 5 in 1 as it claims
i didn't like them
so that's why i didn't purchase it
otherwise if you wear this with anything else your face will melt
don't put anything else on
i can tell you that this is not it
i don't even apply a lot anymore.
which i guess is okay because it means there wasn't any fragrance added
that would not cause break outs
i just don't break out.
we'll see how it goes.
it does the job
the reason i can't give it 5 stars is because it makes my eyes water so bad
i couldn't even bare to try it because it was giving me a big headache
this is going back too bad i didn't even get to try it out
i don't know if my skin is reacting with it now
or if it is just this crazy st
it hurt so bad that i immediately stopped using it
i do not recommend this product to anyone
this just didn't work for me
this product does not live up
unfortunately, this just didn't work for me.
but, i could not take the greasy feeling.
i did not like the feeling this face cream left on my face
i hate saying that because i wanted to love this product
i feel like i don't have anything on.
didn't notice any difference in my skin
it did not work at all
this caused me to break out so bad
though i do not care for the smell
it did not make me break out more than i usually do
i did not see any improvement in my acne
just didn't do anything to my skin.
just didn't do anything.
there wasn't anything awful about this
it did not do anything for my skin or feel any different from a drug store moisturizer
the product didn't break me out
i really dont know what to think about this?
this product does not do anything for my skin
the only reason why i am giving this product 2 stars is because 1
it doesn't break me out either
i do not love this product
although it's not too strong
did not provide enough moisture
it may work for some but for me sadly it did not.
thought this might work
i did not see a difference in my acne during use
i did not continue to break out
i could not continue to use it to see if it make a drastic difference to my acne
did not see any benefits
unfortunately it doesn't work for me
i know it's at sephora somewhere waiting for me.
can't quite put my finger on exactly what it smells like
im not even exaggerating!
i dont know how long it would have kept my face matte
while it didn't make anything worse
it didn't help anything either
i just could not deal with it any longer
because it did not accomplish what it claimed it would
i definitely didn't like it either
it didn't break me out or dry my skin out or anything like that
this cleanser just did not work me for
i did not find that it cleansed my skin well enough
another thing that i did not like about this product is the scent
i just could not bear the scent of this product
this cleanser just didn't do it for me.
it never seems to go away no matter what i used.
i don't think i've met the products i need yet
you may not like this one because it doesn't foam
i didn't notice any difference to my skin.
it didn't really do anything for me
i think there's better products out there
i tried this because i thought it might help clear up my problem skin
it just didn't work for me
guess this just isn't the right cleanser for me
figured this cleanser would work wonders for the few breakouts i still get
that was not the case.
it just didn't work for me
they did not work well for me
it did not help to control my acne
as for clearing acne, it sure did not do the job.
my breakout is not as bad
it leaves a residue that i did not like
i can't say it made me break out
it did not provide me with enough moisture.
it didn't break me out or anything
does not seem to do anything breakouts worse if anything especially on nose
it's not going to do anything to clear your skin
just not exactly what it purports to be
it really doesn't seem to be doing anything to change the look or feel of the oncoming blemish
not the best moisturizer as it hasn't done what i'd hoped it would
which didn't bother me
did not help my acne situation
but that's just my opinion.
i don't feel like it did anything for my breakouts
it didn't cause more either
however it did not
i do not recommend spending the money.
after that it didn't help as much
unless you use a lot
this product didn't make any change to my skin.
it didn't stop me from breaking out
it didn't work for me.
this just isn't for me
does not do much to treat acne
t you don't like that you won't like this
broke me out like nothing else
i did not notice any kind of change in color with this product unfortunately
see no results in anything
didn't wanna waste anymore time on trying to see results
it did not break me out
they did not work well for me
i can honestly say i have seen a reduction in the amount of acne scars i have
i realize my mistake
considering how much i need to apply i don't know if it's worth the money
overall works ok, not sure if i will buy.
it did nothing to my face
so sad if i could give it no stars i would
the profuct did not work at all on me
it actually caused me to break out
this did not work for me at all.
i did not even put the product around my eyes
it doesn't do anything
it did not remove anything from my face
unfortunately this mask did not live up to its expectations
it just didn't deliver what i had hoped for
i didn't see any big difference in my skin afterwards
ugh not sure what is in this
it didn't do anything.
i usually put on a mask right after to just pull out anything else
it did nothing at all for me.
its a total gimmick dont let anyone lie to you
i noticed it doesn't do anything for me at all.
not like the videos
it doesn't hurt at all when you pull it off
didn't do much for my skin except make it a little red
this mask is not it all what you think it's going to be
nothing like the videos they show.
plus side is it does not hurt like they exaggerated it to b on facebook
i guess it's an option kind of thing.
probably wouldn't buy for that price for myself
it literally did nothing
didn't see any improvement in my skin
definitely not worth 45$ when you can get something else better with that money
didn't work for me
i didn't feel it did much for my face either.
the mask did not work at all to pull anything out of my pores
please save your money and get something else.
this product did nothing for my skin
this didn't work on me.
thought i did it wrong the first time
otherwise it is okay
i guess i wanted something that was harsher than this
i can't even remember the last time my skin looked this bad
it just doesn't do anything
didn't pull anything out
i would definitely not recommend.
say that it has done no harm to my skin
this does not work
but it doesn't work at all.
it only works if you just get out of the shower
definitely would not recommend
didn't even work on her
just to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke
this did nothing to them
if there is one product i regret buying is this
it didn't take 50% of them
it didn't hurt or anything
this mask literally did nothing.
it didn't even hurt taking it off
do not recommend this product.
doesn't do what is promises.
it didn't even hurt
it didn't do anything
unfortunately i was let down
it's nothing like you see in the videos
it doesn't hurt to peel off nor can you see anything coming off
i don't think it does anything for my skin
it just seems like a waste of money.
i don't think it did anything.
didn't notice any improvements in my skin
it didn't actually pull them out of my skin
it didn't actually pull out anything but hair.
i do like boscia products but not this one!
otherwise i did not see any changes while using this product
i did not see a change with pores
i honestly don't think it does anything helpful
it didn't do anything to my face
not even smooth it like it has to others
she didn't get any results either :/
didn't extract much from my skin like i had seen in videos
i really wanted to love it but i can't.
the price is outrages i do not recommend this product whatsoever
i really wish i could return this it's awful :(
it didn't do anything for my pores
i didn't hate it, but didn't love it either.
i can't bring myself to be okay with the cost
when i tried it there was no difference
it didn't do what it said it would do
it barely did anything
had thought it would do the job
but honestly , look elsewhere and don't bother.
it does not work.
all of this combined, i was not a fan.
i didn't notice any difference would never buy again
i didn't even apply to close to my eyes
it doesnt matter how much product you apply to your face
you will see your face exactly like before you used
didn't do much for me.
it did nothing for either of us
not a thing ill actually use
not quite enough for full coverage
this product doesn't last
i don't see any improvement on my skin
for $34 you'd expect way more bang for your buck.
it still didn't do anything
i wish i could use this stuff.
i didn't mind that
just could not tolerate the scent
i didn't notice any changes in my skin at all
it didn't really absorb all the way
it just was not for my skin
this is just something else
this didn't do that for me.
the only thing i would change is the smell
didn't see any difference in my skin
this stuff didn't blow me away for the cost
i can't say it's poor
can't say it's good
i didn't like this at all.
i honestly wish they all didn't contain so much fragrance
i suppose it is in fact a marketing issue
i guess they changed their formula
it's not at all as good as it used to be
it definitely doesn't anymore
i couldn't imagine using this during the day
i don't mind that so much
i tried not to use a lot of it when applying
see how that works
this one was not right for my skin
did not care for this product
this didn't give much hydration
it's a shame i didn't keep the box or receipt
dark spots or anything else
not only did i experience no improvement from this product
finish the bottle and didn't see any difference
not even a hint of a whisper of change.
it was not right for me
it did not work for me at all
the only bad thing thet i note is that i cant see any difference yet
though i did lose vib points for it :(
i did not notice any difference in my skin
the only good thing i can say is that it did not make my sensitive skin break out
i didn't notice any "changes" in my skin
i did not like this at all.
it's not the products fault.
i do sometimes miss days
can't say i've been using it with absolute regularity
i don't know if it's too late now to return it
it just didn't seem to do anything
i never really understood why you needed to use the dropper
but it did nothing to my fine lines.
i can't say that i've seen any difference after using this product for months
decided to try it anyway
don't doubt it's great for others.
can't comment on crows feet since i am young enough not to be concerned with wrinkles
i didn't like application
did not see any improvement in moisture or fine lines
although i wasn't using anything new
still, i'd never buy the stuff.
i could not recommend this cream to anyone else.
doesn't have the best smell either.
it did not work for me
unfortunately couldn't use long enough to know for sure as i couldn't h
it doesn't do anything more than that
it did not make me break out at all
did not cause any irritation
just not right for me
couldn't wait to try it
i can not recommend this
but the hydration just didn't last.
it didn't make my combination skin break out
maybe it would be fine in summer or if you don't need much moisture?
didn't work for me.
did i do it wrong?
it just doesn't do it for me.
did not react well
it did not break out my skin
otherwise i would have been upset at myself for not reading the ingredients
it did not remove my makeup at all
it did not wipe off
as a make up romover，it does not really do the job
it did nothing to remove any of my makeup
there are no suds or anything to let you believe anything is happening
however it does not remove all the makeup easily.
i do not wear a lot of makeup
i don't think i will purchase it agaian.
this product just couldnt compare
i don't know if anyone else has this problem because i read reviews
no one else complained
it didn't hydrate my face as much as everyone else says
just not enough hydration as i wanted it to be for my skin type
i would not recommend this unless you have dry
unfortunately it did not
not for me sorry
i just can't get past the smell that this has
i also didn't care for the scent.
hydration does not last all day
you don't get what you paid for ($50).
it did nothing for my combination skin
nothing wrong with it
just wasn't what i expected or desired
it didn't quite cut it
it didn't give me enough hydration.
this doesn't seem like anything out of the ordinary to me
didn't stay on my skin that long
i didn't find anything special about it
i would try something else
this didn't do the job
however it really didn't hydrate my skin well
on days where i didn't leave my house
it did not work for me
would not recommend to anyone
it even didn't cause any problems in my eye area
this one didn't irritate me at all
it did what she said
i certainly wasn't blown away either
i personally don't think it's work the money
but i don't think it works for me.
i wanted to like this
can't go higher then that
it just like a $5 price cream that can't do anything
do not buy it, girls!
although it does what it says
if you're going to use this product
i also didn't really see much of a difference from using it
it's not amazing, it's not awful, it's just okay.
i did not find this to be a good primer.
i don't see any value in it.
didn't think it did much for wrinkles
i did not see any benefits from this cream.
i cry every time i see it because of the price.
it does nothing for me
because it does not rub in
i will say that it does absorb quickly which is nice
i would not recommend this product
i really don't see any difference after a bottle of use
unfortunately my skin did not react well
the product description doesn't promise improvements because it doesn't deliver any
i know this is supposed to be used for eyes
did nothing for me
i will continue to use it because i don't want to waste it
while i didn't hate the product i would probably not repurchase given the price
it didn't do anything for me
unfortunately,iit made my face break out.
didn't really find it did anything for me personally
it's nothing that makes me go
it doesn't really extend my foundie by much
because of this, i can't justify the price.
and i do like it.
it does what it says it will do
so you're getting what you pay for
like they all say, magic in a jar!
i honestly don't know what to take of this moisturizer/primer
i think they're are just as good if not better ones from the drugstore or another br
it just wasn't anything special
this is not a bad base.
it does the same thing
not sure yet if i'm going to return it because it does moisturize well
unfortunately not what i go for
unfortunately this one is a no go.
it's just not for my skin type
it didn't break me out so that's good
it's not doing anything for me
didn't want to pay that price tag
not a fan at all.
do not waste your money on this.
didn't do much for my skin
i did not care for this
i sent it back because i didn't like how the smell got on my baby too
words cannot describe how much i hate this product
so here's the thing
don't make the same mistake.
found it did not do much for my under eye area
this doesn't work any better
so that shouldn't be the problem
if it weren't for the film
if you never ever change the expression on your face
i can't touch it or put anything on over it or else the bond breaks
it would work great if you didn't wear makeup.
sadly i cannot say that it worked for me.
money i would not recommend this to anyone
i mean just gone.
doesn't matter what you do or how little or how much you use
the result is that you just can't use it.
don't waste you money.
it's like nothing was there in the first place
if i put sthn else it would kind of "cracked
i rarely return anything to sephora
can't remember which one right now
nothing that i have tried from this br
the product does what it says
definately not what i thought.
it just didn't work for me
i just couldn't get it to not look patchy
this does not work.
do not waste your time & money!!
not enough to make a difference
i wasn't expecting miracles
it did everything it was supposed to
no matter what i did it would not stop
i can't believe sephora would sell a product like this
plus i don't think it did anything.
maybe that's not long enough
this product did not do much for me
i couldn't get it to work for me
it does what it says
you cannot apply anything else
1 because it does what it claims
tried it and it doesn't work!
this was not it
i don't know how people can write that it is a good product
definitely not what it is advertised to do
no matter what i do
it just doesn't work for me
felt exactly as it did before i applied the product
it's a shame that they couldn't find a way to make the formula absorb better
that said i didn't give it one star because it does actually firm once it is on the skin
sadly, i didn't see a difference.
i want to like this product
just didn't like that feeling
i do find myself wanting this serum as if my face is asking for it
i don't know if this actually works
did cause me to breakout
it did not do anything for my skin.
wow this did not work
i don't think this is a bad product
i don't think it's worth the price since it does exactly what my $4 moisturizer can do
just didn't deliver how i expected it to.
this is not it
it didn't do much for my skin.
it only did harm for me instead of good
this products does what it's supposed to do
it doesn't bother me when i don
i will say that the smell was quite offensive.
i don't see any improvement on my skin
i must say it smells amazing
needless to say i won't be using this.
that was not the case.
it didn't break me out which was great
the product did nothing for me over winter
wish i could like it but... no.
in my honest opinion it's just a plan
it hasn't made me break out
it didn't hurt my skin either
it does, however, smell horrible.
i do not like it at all
definitely do not recommend to anyone
this doesn't provide enough for me
didn't work for me.
texture just don't love what it does
i like the texture but wish it did more.
it did nothing for me
from what i've read it doesn't really contain enough of the 'star ingredients' to make a long-term difference in your skin
do not usually buy them
i couldn't find any benefit
the product "pill-ed" up no matter what i did before
it still did it
don't see any difference in my skin
it does seem to have some in the summer
just didn't love what i got
i can't say whether or not it gives amazing results because i couldn't stick with it for more than two weeks
which it did not
i can't even use it under my foundation because it doesn't mix well
that's exactly what happened after 2 days of using this product
i didn't see any improvement in my skin from using it
needless to say i won't be using it again
tried to call dermadoctor- impossible to get a real person
maybe i'm not out in the light enough
even though the review was good the product did nothing for my skin
maybe i haven't used it long enough though
i can't say i saw any difference at all
since i am a foundationaholic, not for me!
it didn't bug me
this one didn't work for me
you know the saying “if it sounds to good to be true it probably is” which was the case with this product
didn't do enough for me.
i can't tell much difference around my eyes
what i will say is that it did moisturize
i did not see a difference at all
i can't really tell if it's doing anything
i really didn't like this eye product
little does she know that this does nothing to fine lines under eye
i specific told her that it's something i need to get rid of %26 yet she recommends this product
let me tell you it stings
this did nothing for me.
you can't beat the price
this is just another one that did not work at all
did not work at all.
this is not depuffing for me
thought i would try this
don't know if the results will change
3 stars because you can see results
feels nice but didn't do anything for me
did not love this.
i did not notice a difference
i didn't notice any difference with this one.
did not see any difference at all
you can't beat the price
it did nothing for me.
i would personally not recommend this to anyone based on my experience
i won't buy it again it just didn't work well enough for me
there is plenty that i can do without this gel that would depuff my eyes
did nothing to help in any ways mentioned above
i would not recommend this product to anyone.
honestly didn't help at all.
it has not made a difference for me
hard to know if it works or if i just don't have puffy eyes
this one doesn't do a thing
if they didn't get stuck all the time
i couldn't tell if the gel really depuffed anything
it did nothing for my dark circles.
it does not to anything
i do not see any depuffing
but it does not "instantly depuff" anything.
this is not it
just okay didn't impress you can buy a better cream at the drug store for the same price
didn't improve my skin
didn't irritate it either
then you've come to the right place
it just didn't work for me.
there is nothing bad about it
i tried it because it's supposed to be good for all skin types
it does the job
it does not mostorize at all
since they said they don't make it anymore i'm stuck using the one will cream
i don't know if it's because i'm young
this cream does nothing for me
but to be fair i wasn't expecting any miracle.
this product didn't do anything for me
i don't get that
it's just plain hard to know if it works or not
can't say that it really did much for me in terms of anti-aging or lessening of dark circles
i can't say that i did
nothing else that it promises
i wonder about this
i wanted to see if anyone else had this result from using this cream
that it was impossible to try to mask
i don't know if i should keep trying
but right now, i say, beware...
i am sad to say i won't be buying this anymore because of the terrible bottle
the pump didn't work anymore
im not sure if i had a reaction to if or what
i could not st
i read someone who said it's made for mature skin so maybe that is why i don't love it
they told my not to use it
i don't think anyone below 50 needs it
it doesn't seem to be doing its job with long-term use
unfortunately this product does not help with dark circles
sadly it's too late for me to return it
nor do i want to
not necessarily anything special
i don't think it made any difference in how my eyes look
so now that it's run out
i think i may look for something else.
it's no wonder people are complaining about going through the product too quickly
i ordered this because it wasn't supposed to pill up
after it wouldn't pump anymore
i don't like it at all
someday i would feel like it's working
i couldn't really tell the difference after using it for a couple months
i even tried it on my boyfriend's eyes
and really, didn't do much for either of us.
i did not see any difference in my under eyes.
the only thing is
this is not it
do yourself a favor an don't waste your money.
why didn't i listen to her?
don't buy this product unless you enjoy frustration
this isn't one of them
what is not to love.... ?
wasn't asking for miracles
i cant see inside the bottle to see if there is even anything left inside or how much i have used
like everyone else, i love the product.
it takes maybe 5 reviews about something to prompt us to change it
t can't be anything else
i didn't even use the whole jar.
that does not happen to me often since i do not have acne prone skin
it's not exactly perfect under makeup
i've never used a product that made me break out this bad
i would not recommend this for you at all
it honestly did nothing for me.
i don't want to waste my money
it didn't really do anything for me
this didn't do anything for me
it just doesn't seem to do anything for me
i do like that it has no scent
frankly it annoys me every time i open the jar
maybe can work for someone else
it did nothing for me
it did nothing for me
that's why i rate it 3 out of 5.
i don't see any result
i wish i could say i love this cream
did nothing for the circles
didn't cause any irritation or anything.
it didn't do that for me
maybe it could work for someone that doesn't have dark circles
didn't bother with it anymore
it did not do much for me
also, it did nothing for my dark circles.
but for dark circles, do not bother.
it was simply not enough for me in fall or winter
i'd say this is not a moisturizer
i would not buy this product
didn't think too much of it
i then realized that it didn't do the same things to my skin as it did before which was hydrate well
is most likely the reason why my skin doesn't feel the same anymore
i don't see the value to it anymore
yet this doesn't bother me
it didn't do anything else
it just doesn't deliver results that any other decent product couldn't do
the sample did not convince me to want to buy this product
sadly it didn't seem to do much
it was not an easy decision to make
why on earth did they put so much perfume in it???
as it does seem promising
i wish the smell was not that strong
you don't need much
i mean it is a amazing product
i think this product does wonders because it is water based
it does exactly what it says
i didn't use that much either
didn't even bother to test it on my h
i guess i was hoping for a miracle product
for the price i don’t think i could afford to
does not absorb welli wish it had worked for me
this product did not make me break out.
this doesn't do anything to my skin
let me say that i don't have a huge problem with my pores
that's the way it is
no miracles out there.
then i decided that spending $40+ dollars on something that i was so wishy-washy about was probably not the best use of my money
however i do realized some on my t-zone
did not see any different when i compare both cheeks
i don't think this is work for me
i do not plan to buy the 2nd bottle
t's not a purchase i regret
however, it did not work for me at all.
" yet it did not even do that
maybe that's part of the problem
this didn't really do much for me.
i just like the fact it didn't break me out or anything
i didn't work for me
it didn't seem to do anything to my pores
i would not recommend this product.
i'll keep using it in the hopes that i didn't spend so much money for nothing
didn't do anything to fix the problem
it did nothing for me
i hate to think what this would do to my face!
definitely i didn't see any difference on my pore
didn't make them worse either
i did not see a change
this is not the product
this product did nothing
i didn't see any change in my pore size
there's a lot of other products out there that does the same thing
some of the perricone ones do
didn't see any effect
thinking that maybe i wasn't using enough
i wasn't getting the effect i wanted
didn't do much for my dark spots
wonder if something is wrong w/it???
it's the only real
this one just wasn't for me
it did not relieve any of the lines on my face
nor did it help with hydration
i do not have an issue with fine lines
can't say whether it works in that regard
they don't give you much to work with considering the price
this product doesn't seem to do anything
this one does nothing for me
well i did't see any difference whatsoever.
didn't feel or see any difference whatsoever.
why would i want to do that if the claim says 10 days
it does not deserve even one that i gave it
i didn't notice a big difference in my skin after using the entire bottle
i didn't hate it, but wouldn't buy it again.
i didn't notice any immediate results
this didn't do that.
so this is just not something i can work with
just thinking that may be why some people don't see the dramatic results other do
i am not sure it takes 10-days
i do not break out
didn't work at all for me.
it didn't make me break out
it's not for me.
it didn't do anything to my skin.
i did not notice an improvement in my skin
not only did this not do anything for my complextion
unfortunately, that was not the case for me.
i found it did nothing for my skin
aaaaaaaand that's where it stops, folks!
i guess i shouldn't believe the hype.
i just do not get it.
it did not absorb like so many others claimed
sadly it did not
i can't say i've seen much of a difference
none of this would matter if i had great results from the product
i can't quite explain it
my skin did not do well with this one
haven't felt that it's done any wonders for my skin for $110
i don't like it at all.
no matter how often i apply it
or not have break outs
it seems like i am not getting the same results
see if it works
i did not change anything else in my cleansing routine
i do expect some change for $90
now i know why.
its marketing hype and nothing else.
it's too early to really
there was nothing in it that could hurt me
i wanted to love this as much as i love the other algenist products i use
i simply couldn't justify keeping it
not even half way
it doesn't smell the best which is not a big deal for me
didn't know i could return it once used.
didn't want spend $90 on not-so-special spf cream
he just doesn't seem like that he likes using this one
he doesn't like the feeling on his face
as a mousturizer, it does the trick.
dont really have any wrinkles
i would say for the price
it didn't make any difference- not immediately
i do not see a difference from using it
i think the spf in it was the problem
i didn't notice any difference in my dark circles
not enough to justify spending $70
i didn't see any major difference
it didn't help at all
i returned it because i personally don't want to spend $80 for a concealer primer
that is the only thing it did for me
i didn't see an improvement with my dark circles
so you don't need to put a lot of product on your face
i do not see any difference in the color
that stuff is not cheap!
my skin will not hate me for it
unfortunately none of the same results happened
actually no results happened
i did not notice any difference
just not right for me
i wanted to love this product but i can't.
i can't say i've seen any changes
it did noting for the crepyness under my eyes
it also did not "de-puff" as it claims.
i don't see any difference whatsoever
i wouldn't recommend this.
this product did not work for me
it's just enough to last about 3 months to see if i can see a difference
honestly can't tell a difference
bottom line if you're young dont mess with eye creams or at least this one unless you want to create a bigger problem
i wanted to love this but i couldn't.
the smell of this was enough to make me not use it anymore
i don't even want to finish it
this didn't do anything for me
i will mention that it did not irritate my eyes
but as far as improvement i didn't see anything.
i did not see any results
i honestly don't get the hype.
i do not recommend.
it just isn't the same
didn't see any improvement after a week of application
i believe i will stick to algenist
it's honestly just okay.
while i don't hate it i'm not crazy about it either
i don't think it does anything
did not notice much of a difference
i do not see any change in my skin
it didn't seem to do any of the things it claimed
first, let me say that i love algenist.
course i don't know how that would feel on your face
can't even imagine how many strong chemicals are in it
what it says it does
i could not get this stuff to work after many tries
i honestly don't know what the hype is about
even when i do this it's hit or miss.
i didn't like it.
guess it does what it says
i couldn't believe how much i disliked it
this product does what is says however
may be great for people who don't wear any makeup even powder does not work
to all those wondering why it's so difficult to apply make-up over it
i don't think this one does.
but didn't do what i thought it would.
this didn't help at all
this product did not do a thing for me
i can see and feel the effects immediately.
this one did nothing for my crows feet
did not help att all with line
this product does not do what it promises to.
if you aren't wearing anything over it you can feel it work
i did not like this at all.
i did not like this product.
this product does not work well for me.
after trying many eye creams i just figured i wasn't ever going to find anything that would actually get rid of the bags
that was enough to work
it did not sit right with my moisturiser or makeup
don't get me wrong
i cannot have make up every where else
this product did nothing for my crow's feet
keep your receipt until you're sure you like it.
for these giants it did nothing
i didn't see any difference so i returned it.
i did not notice any difference with my pores
i do not expect any product to actually reduce the size of my pores
don't believe what you hear about this product.
this is not for you
it didn't really do much to cover my huge pores
however, it really does nothing for pores
it does the job
:) needless i to say, i didn't buy.
it's fine but i would not buy again.
it didn't do much for me to the point where i wanted to return it
it did not do a thorough job
i don't think they are for me
i wouldn't recommend anybody to buy this.
but this stuff is seriously gross.
this did not met my expectations to say the least
that's how much i didn't like it
i can't recommend this at all
not the case at all.
not crazy about the smell
it's okay, not a fan of the smell.
it was not for me
i realized i wasn't the only one
just was not for me.
yes i have when nothing else was avail
you won't soon forget what it tastes like
gewy it did not imulsify well
did not take any of my makeup off
could not get past the texture
i really didn't like it
however, it does not take off my makeup.
can't say how well this oil is at removing it
it didn't foam up like i thought it would have
it seriously doesn't move around.
definitely would not recommend.
not as easy to use as before.
it's not something i would repurchase
i honestly wanted to like this
it does not even get all my eye makeup off
which i did not think was possible
then it doesn't even get everything off
anyway i've been trying to use it because i paid so much for it
i don't think i will be using this anymore.
well neither do i
i even tried to not apply it by my lips
i do not recommend.
i would not recommend this product.
i didn't like how it felt on my skin.
at the time i didn't know what the culprit was for the new bumps i was getting more
i don't wear foundation on my skin so maybe that could be the case
i does not feel oil-free
it didn't keep me from using the whole bottle
but i am not crazy about the product itself.
i really wanted to love this but i didn't.
so don't be afraid to try it 'cause it might work wonders for you
for me.. unfortunately it didn't.
can't say that i'm jumping with joy
so for me it's a return
i wouldn't wear it under any make up at all.
it's not a bad price
i wanted to like it but couldn't.
just not for me...
this one doesn't bother me at all
it did nothing for my skin
it didn't get healthier in any way.
because this did nothing for me
honestly, i had high hopes but didnt like it.
it didn't really moisturize as much as i wanted it too
would kind of let it sit there
so whatever is in this my body does not like
maybe it's just a coincidence
idk what to do with the rest.
i don't know what's inside of this stuff that caused such a bad reaction
maybe you won't break out
i think it would be better if they didn't add the fragrance to the formula
don't get me wrong
i am not prone to break outs
it's not going to break the bank.
it doesn't provide miracles
luckily i haven't had that problem
this product goes into my didn't work at all category
i don't have any lines
did nothing for my under eye circles
did not help with dark circles at all!!
did nothing for my dark circles.
did not help with fine lines.
did not notice a difference after using the product
i mean if it works just as good
this didn't at all
it also does nothing for my under eyes
that's just about it
it did nothing it claims
i didn't see a difference
i do not recommend it.
don't buy into the hype.
however i wasn't keen on the product
it does not burn like other reviews say at all it works really well with my sensitive skin however the only thing is that i don't see any brightening going on at all my dark circles haven't gone away a bit
unfortunately it was just a waste of money
i did not notice any improvements
i will never ever recommend this to anyone!!
i didn't see any results
the moment i tried it on i knew it wasn't for me
unfortunately i did not see any difference in dark circles or fine lines
thought even if it's not potent it will still make a difference
make sure you don't get any in your eye.
i did notice some results
it didn't really do anything that i noticed one way or the other
didn't really see a difference in my dark circles or fine lines after about 7-8 month use
it didn't seem to be anything special
this isn't going to help
this didn't do anything for my redness
didn't do anything for the redness
it didn't give me that plump
but it wasn't working the way i wanted it to.
so this is probably going in the trash.
i tried washing it off but it did not help.
not sure what this is suppose to be doing
i don't know what happened with this.
i would get an itching sensation that was impossible to ignore
however, this product did not work for me.
i don't see any change on my under eye circles
didn't see any results
even if it did work
i wanted results even if it didn't feel great
i wanted to love this, but it didn't work for me.
this product didn't work for me.
while i have not seen any results yet
this should not happen.
don't love it either
didn't help with my dark circles.
wish kate could fix this product so that it would stay put under concealer
it didn't really address my dark circles
a no-go for me.
honestly can't tell much difference in my dark circles
this may be why i didn't have great results?
after 2 weeks i do not see or feel any change.
i guess i will finish the bottle
i've just never found anything that does what i hope it would
it did not improve them
want others to know that there are people who aren't happy with this product
this product doesn't do anything.
it's just not good for me.
did not rub in
did not help with my dark circles
the only good that i would say about this is that i did not have any kind of allergic reaction to it
do not waste your money on this one.
however, this did not work for me.
i really didn't see a difference when i used it.
did not care for it
if this stuff wasn't so expensive i'd buy it just for my h
as an eye cream i did not care for it
i didn't see any improvement
really hate to say this
did not purchase the product
unfortunately it hasn't done anything for my eyes
so why would i buy this
what it did wasn't enough to counteract the negative of making my under eyes feel like s
i didn't really notice any difference.
not in my case
i don't see any difference
don't expect anything else from this product.
i can't say i've noticed any improvement
unfortunately my skin just wasn't having it
doesn't do anything for dark circles
the same thing happened to my other eye
i cant say its done any of the things it promises to do
it didn't deliver on any of the five points
i literally could not get past the smell.
i forget the name of the product that's in it that makes it smell that way
don't even waste your money on this
i don't see any results.
although i don't have any under eye problems
this one didn't do anything for me :(
not the product for me
might work on someone else
i didn't hate it either
it hydrated well but didn't seem to do much else.
t's really impossible to say exactly how one works compared with another
this product did not work at at all!
alas, this is one of them.
i don't honestly mind my dark cicles
but it did nothing for those lines.
did not do much for fine lines
i honestly didn't feel like it was effective
it didn't quite cut it
i would not buy this again nor would i recommend it for anyone with sensitive skin
however i did not realize it was not intended for daily use
do not experience any irritation
i didn't love this one
this didn't seem like a good value
if it's not a good value
i just can't justify keeping it
i must say i love it
i don't believe that's the case.
did not cause any irritation
yet does not contain much product
i didn't care for it
i personally can't say it's very effective for the cost
a half i didn't notice any difference in my skin
i can't say anything to the effectiveness of the product claims
anything that it claims it will do
money by letting you know this product is not it
sadly it did not do it
not sure if that's what it's supposed to be
i mean really break out
this product did not work.
you don't have to use much
nor do i recommend it
might not be the skin product
i did not experience any improvement
i did not find anything special about this serum.
luckily this did not break me out.
but also did not see any improvements on my skin.
did not seem to sink well into the skin
for me, it didn't work.
you can return it if it doesn't work.
but it did not do too much for me.
this wasn't moisturing at all
i still don't want to look on my mirror since i still have some of them
the price is not bad
i personally will not be buying this
this will do the trick
i wish it didnt because this has spf
well, it does not.
i do not recommend this product.
this didn't do much
even if it didn't get into my eye
it does work i guess after months of using it
it does not work well with makeup at all
you might want to try something else
no matter how careful i am in applying it
since i wanted to make sure it wouldn't burn or sting my eyes
oh well, at least it was just a sample.
however this eye cream was not even ok
maybe i received a bad one
i do think i got a bad one because i cant believe anybody would use this
did not see any results after 3 weeks.
could not wear it
given its near solid state i can't even completely evaluate its efficacy as i can't use it enough to know whether it might do something
i hear it does wonders
i guess it's just not for me
do not put my contacts in
i don't see any difference so far
don't think this is the product for me
this one just didn't work for me
its not a bad product
yes even around my eyes
that's about all it did for me
i didn't notice much difference with the lines under my eyes
family did not see any change
which does what it boasts: not greasy
or at least i "think" so
this didn't do the trick for me
this one does not deliver.
i must have super sensitive skin because this just did not work for me
sad that this didn't work for me.
didn't break me out
unfortunately the perricone moisturizer didn't help
i also do not care for the smell at all.
i dont think it has any scent at all.
doesn't do anything about my dark circles nor does it firm my skin
this product did not work for me.
it's not working out for me
did nothing for my dark circles
can't help you there
this does not bother my eyes
i didn't notice any other benefits
it did nothing for me
just didn't work for me.
i wish i could say it totally removed my puffy bags
alas it does not
not sure i am getting the result i want!
not sure what went wrong for me
it definitely does not bother my eyes
i can't tell if it's me or the cream
this one is i would say "just okay".
i would not buy or recommend to anyone.
say wow i can see a difference
unfortunately, that does not apply to this.
not for my combination skin:
i didn't expect it to make my skin feel drier than before i started using it
i didn't see any change in my dark spots
i wanted to believe the hype behind perricone
didn't see any/enough improvement for me to continue using it
this really didn't do it for me.
i would never recommend this product.
it doesn't work either
didn't make any difference to my dark spots
can anyone recommend anything that really works?
if you look for it
the bottle is not transparent so you have no idea how much you have left
if it's not actually making the acne worse
i guess it just isn't for my type of skin
maybe that's why it didn't work.
it just did not sink into my skin
maybe you have to use it alone?
i did like the smell
just not for me
while it didn't break me out
i would not buy this ever.
but i can't find where to buy it online.
i mean, come on-it's way too much.
i feel like it's important to mention that i only tried a sample
i will certainly give that
don't know how to describe it
this just like no others
i decided to put it on my face anyways just to see how it works
can't imagine how on earth people like this kind of stuff?
i couldn't get past it
therefore it's hard to make a definitive judgement after just one use
i also didn't use this to remove any makeup
all i did was put mascara on and nothing else.
it was honestly the worst product ever that i just has to warn everyone else before they might spend their actual hard earned money on it
if there was such a thing
and the smell didn't go away afterwards!
not a fan at all.
did not take off any of my makeup
this did nothing to remove my makeup
i am not sure how anyone would use this product as a cleanser
but certainly not a cleanser.
it's not as if i wear a lot of make up to begin with
it wouldn't come off
i don't know what that was but it was awful.
feels luxurious but im just not sure it did much
i don't know what all the hype is
i don't care for it
i do not like the smell of the product
trying to figure out what it smells like
it doesn't linger after use, but it is not good.
i did not _at all_ like this cleanser.
didn't do that the first time
i don't think i could go this far
i suppose if you look at it as a two-in-one cleanser
this may or may not work
i do not know because all i tried was a sample
i feel bad to say this but it's gross.
i just felt as though i did not get the deep clean i was hoping for
i would not buy this product
that's all it did besides screw around with my t-zone
even tho i followed the directions my face still didn't feel clean
for me i just felt like it didn't work
i didn't feel like it took away my makeup as well as eh
then i noticed-you guessed it- breakouts.
i don't suggest this product
ncredibly horrible i have no idea how they get away with charging so much for it
there is not a single aspect about it that i would seem positive
i didn't feel clean afterwards
just don't get this product.
i even read the instructions as i thought maybe i wasnt using the product correctly
i should have paid more attention to the reviews about the smell as it is just something i can't get past
i makes me not want to wash my face.
it does the job.
i am not a person who usually makes a big deal about fragrance
which it is not
i am wondering if i just got a bad batch
you don't need a lot.
i think this is just me because many other reviewers didn't experience this
too bad i can't use this.
won't even continue doing that
this is what it would smell like
did not cause any breakouts
did nothing to help them either
i honestly did not see any difference
although i know to not get cleanser in my eyes
it did nothing for me
not crazy about the smell.
so maybe i'll try that
but my skin did not like it at all.
know for sure it was in fact this product causing my issues
i do like them
it also doesn't break me out at all.
don't see a difference yet in the fine lines at all
this isn't to say someone couldn't have a reaction
i did not have one when i tried it
found this did nothing for me
i found nothing to like about it
i would not recommend it.
i did not return it
i don't know that it does anything else
sadly i returned it and will try something else.
like, but don't love.
it doesn't cause anything bad on my skin
it doesn't make a big difference either
i didn't expect myself to dislike the smell as much as i did
it's not bad, but i want more than "not bad."
didn't do much for my dryness.
unfortunately it didn't do anything for my skin.
this was clearly not for me.
i guess it did work in making my face not dry anymore
did nothing for my skin's texture
this did nothing for my skin.
i honestly didn't notice or feel any change to my skin
it doesn't make any difference
i won't recommend it if you really use it as a sleeping mask
first night input it on my face i practically didn't want to breath
i wouldn't ever recommend this.
i would definitely not buy again nor recommend it to anyone else
it doesn't bother me
i didn't want to stop using it
i didn't want to continue to breakout
i can't speak to how well this worked
i don't know why all these high-end br
that don't allow you to see or feel how full the bottle is
i figured i couldn't go wrong with a sleeping mask
they just don't work
i must be the only person on the planet that doesn't love this product
the product didn't do anything for my dry
didn't see obvious result
i am not sure if it did hydrate my skin
for some reason this lotion did not work for me or my friend
i would not recommend if you have sensitive skin because i'm assuming that is why it reacted that way for both of us
doesn't make me break out
does not sink in well.
i honestly don't see any change in tone
didn't notice any changes
i don't think i notice a difference using this cream
it does not do what it says to "turnaround" skin cells
i cannot tell any difference
at least that one does what it says
it works well enough, so i didn't return it.
i can buy something else
started something else now
i don't hate it either
don't get me wrong
i could not get over the smell
it's so hard to describe too.
didn't like this much
it didn't really take off the makeup like i wanted it too
not at all something i can recommend.
thought it would do the same for the mascara
it's not the one stop shop i was hoping for
don't have much time or don't want to carry all of your products around
i really would not recommend it
it still doesn't do a good job when i swipe
just didn't work like i'd hoped
sure i guess it does the job?
i first i thought i was going to love this product however i did not find it as amazing as i wanted to
it did not fade into my skin i don't really feel that it did anything for puffiness i will tell you if you get too close to your eyes it's not exactly fun my eyes did water
i could live without this product honestly.
i don't have terrible bags so maybe this would work better for someone who does
i didn't see too much of a difference with this cream
does not really have the properties that it claims to have
this product got three stars from me because it doesn't completely solve my problem
that one doesn't bother it at all
there wasn't anything special about it.
i personally don't have an issue with my undereye area however i gave it to my mom
maybe it just doesn't work for my skin?
it's not something i would recommend as i didn't see any real results from using it
i did enjoy this one
i didn't hate this product
i didn't love it either
it did not deliver.
it didn't do it for me
this eye cream didn't do anything for me
i didn't see any depuffing qualities
didn't waste my money
doesn't seem to have the same reaction to it as i do
which is what i thought the purpose of the wash was for
i know if i see enough of a difference to repurchase or to rave about this
that's exactly what it did for me
broke me out super bad didn't work for me
it might for you
and that's exactly what it does.
this product doesn't really do it for me.
didn't really like this product
i can't knock this product for not doing it's job
i wanted to like it
it just don't work for me
so you don't need to use a lot of product
you won't like it
i found this product did nothing for my skin.
this just didn't work for me
i couldn't take it anymore
i really don't know why i was recommended this
i didn't notice any real difference in my skin while using this product
did nothing for my face.
unfortunately this did not work for me
probably is a good product but it didn't suit me.
however i find it does not keep my combination skin in check
does not help my acne either
know almost for certain that this stuff broke me out with pimples like i haven't had in years
when i say "squeaky" i mean like actually.
the only thing i can compare this stuff to
overall just didn't work for me
unfortunately it didn't work for me
this unfortunately did nothing for me.
i don't think this spot remover really did anything
it didn't harm my skin
it doesn't work effectively for me
i would not recommend.
this didn't help any of my acne.
haven't seen it happen yet.
i feel like it didn't do much for my face.
unfortunately that wasn't the case
that person also said it doesn't work!
unfortunately it did nothing for me except having more breakouts
you don't use that much of it
i don't anticipate needing that for quite some time
do not buy this.
if you do buy it
you will regret it.
i didn't expect it to work immediately
i just want to say how much i love origins skin care
it did not work for me
not only did it the sport remover not work
it also didnt do anything for it
overall i did not get as much out of this product as i wanted to
it just didn't perform as well as i wanted it to.
so who knows if it helped at all or my skin worked it out on it's own
love everything i have from origins but not this.
i didn't notice any improvements at all with using this
i did not like this product
just not this one
it did not work at all for me
i did not enjoy this product at all!
a product that does nothing
it did not work as well as i wanted to.
this does not work at all.
it really didn't do anything
it stung a little when i applied it which made me believe it would do something
unfortunately it didnt do anything for me
i did not see any difference
this product did not do anything for me
because literally no where sells it in stores anymore
i couldn't wait to use it
it didn't do anything for me.
i realize that you really can't stop the aging process
believe me i do
okay with the fact that it does seem to be holding the progression of lines
yes, i will keep using it.
it doesn't do anything additional
you'd think with the price tag it would do more than it does
i wanted to like this.
had to return it so can't say much about the long term benefits
maybe it's because of my age
not doing anything for wrinkles
it feels like straight grease that i could not get to absorb no matter how hard i tried
'm guessing it's just me
i did not like the feeling it left on my face.
i guess if you use it like a serum it might work.
it didn't do much for me
the problem with products that tout "preventative" is that there's no way to really tell that it's working
all i can really say is that i don't think this is helping
after awhile i couldn't find it in stores anymore
it doesn't really do anything that i can tell
it doesn't break me out or anything
it doesn't improve anything
i did not notice any improvement or change in my sking condition after using the entire tube
you don't need to use a lot of it
i didn't know what it was
it caused me to break out so bad!
even knowing how sensitive my skin is didn't read the ingredient list before buying
it didn't disappear for about an hour
let me start off by saying that i am not sensitive to smells whatsoever
neither me nor my husb
if you don't mind orange, i would recommend this.
but otherwise... try something else.
i do not recommend if you're under 25
thats sadly all the good things i have to say about it
do not use this on your day time routine
unlike most people i was not crazy about the smell of this cream
i don't break out as often anymore
there was something in this product that did not sit well with my skin
you may not want to reach for this one if you have sensitive skin
unfortunately, doesn't work well with my skin
sadly this was one of them
if i didn't break me out so badly i could probably over look the smell
plus it has sls which unfortunately i didn't see when i placed my order
i honestly don't see how anyone with truly dry skin could use this at all
i didn't feel like
save your money and buy something else
it does not claim to help with acne
if you don't have problem skin like i do
who i would say has "normal" skin
it's not the texture i thought it would be
i feel like it doesn't do much
m not sure if it's the best for my skin type
it did cause a lot of break outs
it's just not for me
maybe it doesn't matter
it's a satisfying factor that i was let down on
it seems as though it's not helping in the long wrong with my pores issues
just want to retexturize their skin
it just didn't work for me
plus i didn't see any result
i used the whole bottle and it doesn't do that.
don't know if maybe if there's an ingredient that causes this to be so difficult to remove or if it's not meant for my skin type
i don't know how people manage to take this off with ease
let it do its thing
this just wasn't that effective for me
i seriously love that one!
this is not for me.
didn't clear my pores whatsoever
it just wasn't to my expectations
so you really have to pile it on if you want to see any results
it didn't live up the the expectations
this just doesn't do it for me
it doesn't really do anything for me except leave my skin really red
did not notice any difference
did not break me out
this did nothing for my skin.
it did not work
yet this didn't affect the way the mask worked
yet it didn't make the mask any better
i got this because of the hype in instagram
thought this didn't make the cut
i didn't feel that it did much
i can say it definitely is not for me
t must be an ingredient in he product not too sure
it didn't really do anything to clear them
i still do even with this product
did not like it.
didn't really make a difference in my pores.
in my case it did not
i don't know why this product is getting so much hype
it's not all that.
i did not see anything good come from this
it doesn't work well at all under make up
i cannot like it.
not only did it not provide hydration
doesn't bother my eyes at all
i don't regret buying it
this didn't do much for me except hydrate.
i didn't have any positive ones either
wish i could give zero stars for the irritation it was horrible
this product didn’t do anything for me.
however i didn’t see anything
i gave only 3 stars because i didnt see any difference
did nothing special for my eyes
other than that it's like putting nothing on
also didn't go above
this one does not work well under make up
for something that feels exactly like a moisturizer i could use on my face
i do not recommend this...at all.
don't have anything to compare it to
find something else for the day
t is hard to say if this cream is helping
i do not see any improvement to my under eye dark circles
i do not see a difference
i do not recommend this if you want something for fine lines or dark circles
i cant tell if its doing anything to help my skin
i would not recommend.
didn't work for me.
wanted something to prevent it
so probably my skin didn't like it...
honestly i really can't tell with this product.
whether i use it or not
i wanted to like this
in my opinion this cleanser is okkkay: do nothing wrong
it do nothing for or against it
it does not change my oil condition
i can't wait to finish using this
i did not like this one.
i am not so crazy about this cleanser
it didn't do that much
didn't see an obvious effect
it doesn't seem to be good for my particular skin
oil is exactly what i am trying to avoid on my face :
because it certainly does not make you have "zero oil
so i'm going to say this product sort of works.
this mask didn't make me break out
you don't need much
it did what it says but also breaks me out.
i regret buying this product because i don't underst
am not sure how it is supposed to do wonder to skin
i cannot use origins anymore
this product did not work for my skin whatsoever
not what i was hoping for.
was like why not give a try
i did not see any change after using it
well at least it did not harm
this is not what i wish for in a hydration mask
i do not recommend this product
i can't tell a difference in my skin after i've used it
do not buy this product
that does not mean you do not need to moisturize your face
it seems to do the opposite for me
i personally can't stand the smell of this!
i can say that it didn't make me breakout
it leaves a oil behind which i didn't want
did not contain my oil.
it did not control my oils during the day
did not like it
did not see a difference in pore size.
didn't help with oil control at all
even if it's supposedly moisturising
not going to purchase this anymore
you don't get that much product
i just didn't get results that i hoped for
the texture or really anything else about it
didn't work on me !
its not too bad
this simply isn't enough for me in the winter
it didn't work for me because it didn't really do anything for my dry skin
it still didn't work
this product also make me break out which i didn't like
just didn't work for me.
it was not what i expected
which is why i have 2 stars
maybe it works for other people
it didn't really for me
didn't love this mask
no other words except it did nothing.
this didn't honestly didn't do anything to my face
i guess it doesn't actually work
alas i was let down
it did not really impact my blemishes that much
i will say if you have tough acne as i did which i never get
which could be why this did not work
this did nothing for me at all with one try
if you want to get a pod
i cannot say it did much for me
does not help with acne at all.
i guess you just have to pretend your face is taking medicine
i didn't really feel like this mask did anything for me
this didn't do much for me
did not help with breakout
it just doesn't work
doesn't do anything for breakouts
have not seen any results
didn't seem to benefit my skin
i didn't feel like anything extraordinary happened
i didn't see any difference after use
i honestly didnt see much of a difference
it didn't make a difference at all
i don't think it's all that great
however, it did nothing for my acne.
some people say you can use it for spot treatment
that didn't do anything for me whatsoever
but that's about all it does.
it did not moisturize enough to justify the price tag
the lack of hydration was not even close to what the product claims to do
i never know when i'm going to run out bc you can't tell how much is left in the bottle
it did not break me out
did not clear my skin
i really dislike the fact that i couldn't tell how much was left
it seems like there is hardly any product in the jar
you have no way of knowing
not a lot of product either.
i didn't care for the smell
i wanted to like this, but i just can't.
it didn't provide enough hydration.
i can usually tell right away if the product is good for me or not
besides that i didn't notice anything whatsoever
when i did want to wear make up
i didn't even use it everyday.
it didn't have as much in it as i expected
i think that's why i'm not too crazy about it
honestly probably won't be repurchasing
it does the job
doesn't break me out
if you don't work it in
it just didn't work out for me.
fortunately i don't need a lot of product
figured i would give this a try
this product did not give me any results at all it did not help signs of aging
the only thing it did was moisturize my eyes other then that it did not help with any anti aging
it's not effective enough for the price, either.
i didn't see any difference at all
will try something else.
didn't notice any improvement
this eye cream really didn't do anything for me.
honestly i didn't see any difference
it did not make a difference to my skin especially for the amount of money i paid
i can't really say this is going to make a difference at current wrinkles
i did not see any difference at all
i will say that this product did not make my eyes hurt as many others do
this may not be for you
it's done a good job of not letting anymore fine lines appear under the eyes
didn't make a differnce in the eye area
i don't see a real
did not work for me.
it was not for me!
this didn't cause irritation nor did it cause break outs
it also didn't really do anything for my skin
i didn't notice anything, neither did my mother.
no difference that i can see
if i can't see it
it doesn't get my vote of confidence
it didn't do the trick
i could not figure out why.
it's just not for me.
wanted to love this but it didn't work out.
unfortunately this did not do a dang thing for my skin
i do not recommend it.
i really don't care for this.
hense i hardly use it.
you can't see the product
this new one just doesn't seem to work the same for me
so this didn't help matters
i am not sure which one is the culprit.
i tried it out and just didn't really like it.
i wouldn't personally recommend it
didn't do anything, make up still flaky as ever.
it just didn't do anything
maybe it does work as they say"
i didn't notice any difference
i won't like though it did work on my face from keeping it smooth
definitely doesn't do what it claims to do
does not break me out
it didn't work out too well for me.
i guess i will give it to him to use.
this did not do it
i didn't want to give up on it
until i realized how i don't favor this product
i couldn't even use it anymore.
just not what i wanted
i havn't noticed any change in fine lines which was what i was mainly hoping for
i can't necessarily doubt it
perhaps i did not give it enough time.
i didn't notice any of the benefits it claims
i can't say that i really notice a difference as of yet
i know it's way too soon
this fails to do that.
unfortunately this will not be it.
not only did i not notice any difference in fine lines
didn't seem to do anything for me after 2 weeks use
i didn't feel there was a change in my skin
though it does say to use for 28 days
quickly absorbscons: did not really notice much of a difference in my skin
that it did not seem to aggravate my acne
i wouldn't recommend this
i didn't see any results after consistent use.
but it's like any other eyecrem, nothing special.
it didn't do a thing for me.
i don't where the hype
i am not sure if it is working or not
i am actually too scared to stop using it so until i find something better i will keep using it
i wanted something to help combat
this stuff does not work as a primer
i can't even come close to recommending it to anyone
unfortunately this did not work for me.
this product seemed like the answer
this product was not for me
what a shame because otherwise this product would be perfect
probably the only person in the world not in love with this
why so many love this one
it is not for me
not only did it stop working
this did not work for me at all!!
didn't notice any difference.
i really don't know how anyone can like this product
it didn't do anything for eye wrinkles
this product didn't do anything at all.
didn't do anything for me.
i regret that not following my instinct because for the price of this product
i shouldn't have to make excuses
this didn't work for me at all.
have not seen any results
i know this isn't a problem for some people
this product did not work at all for my skin.
it did not irritate my skin at all
neither did it help in any way
it just really did nothing.
....but my skin didn't.
the pump is so stopped up i can't use it anymore
i honestly wouldn't recommend this for normal skin types
i do, however, hate , the packaging.
after using it 3 times i didn't really notice a difference in my skin
didn't seem to work as well as i'd hoped
this just didn't live up to my expectations
don't let me discourage you from buying it
i personally didn't see any improvement
this did nothing for me.
not one is because it didn't make my skin worse either
it won't do much
but i dont see any benefit at all.
i can't believe they are still selling this product for this much money
tip: whatever product you want to buy
please do not fool yourself into spending $200 on this
wish i could say i love it but i don't.
as i tried so many this one did not do anything
this isn't really meant to be a st
i don't get what women are talking about.
the only thing this did was give me some moisture
i don't know why people like this moisturizer.
when i say it did nothing-that is absolutely nada
glad i didn't pay for this.
i can't imagine that this would do you any more good than it is doing me
i don't really notice any difference in my skin except right after use
until it does nothing to your skin
don't know if that was an issue
it was not enough to keep me using it as it irritated my skin
i don't know if i would give it a second try in the future just to see if my skin peel was a reason for the bad reaction
so for what it does
i would not recommend it.
didn't work for me.
did not made me breakup
other than that i did not see any results
it didn't do anything at all
it did cause me to breakout.
i did not see a change in my eyes at all
this did nothing at all
it does not work for me
fortunately it hasn't made them worse i guess that's a bonus
if i could, i would not even give it one star.
algenist, what happened to your line????
i didn't see a difference around my eyes after using the entire bottle
won't be buying anymore of this product.
i could not see a difference
i don't see any difference whatsoever to my under eye area
didn't notice change in dark circles
it's my hormonalcondition that is preventing me from seeing any improve-ment
this product did nothing special for me at all
i am 39 and not sure what other product to try.
this product did not work at all for me.
i truly don't get it
this did neither and actually dried my skin out.
have not used it long enough
did not like this at all
i think there's some ingredient i can't tolerate in here
not bad enough that i'm returning it
why is this so
i wanted to like it, but it did nothing for me.
it did not do anything for controlling oil
i did not find it to be matte in any sense of the word
it just isn't doing it for me
sadly this is the second korres product that just doesn't work for me
i will not be purchasing anything else in their line
since it didn't break me out
i can't really write a full review on this just yet since i did just purchase it
i didn't like this product at all
not a bad product at all.
this product does not do anything it says it's supposed to
i didn't notice any difference in the mornings
this is a good product however i don't believe it does what it claims to
it didn't help with my skin issues
it just didn't suit my skin well at all
i didn't mind that
don't get me wrong
it leave a film on the skin that i do not rellay enjoy as well
did i just spend $90 on noxema?"
be warned if you don't like scents it may not be for you
don't remember the name
or you will not like this
im just going to be blunt.
i guess there are others who don't like the smell either
i would never recommend this product.
i don't know if it does what it says since i only used it twice
i like what it does for me skin
did not see any changes in my skin.
i didn't see any "brightening" after almost a month's use
wondering if i should just go wash it off
didn't notice a difference with my skin
i did break out like crazy
it's not too strong at all.
the scent i did not mind
i wouldnt recommend it to anyone-not even my worse enemy
the scent wasn't what bothered me
this onejust didn't work for me
to see if it was just a fluke
would not recommend at all.
it's no miracle worker either
it's not for me
the smell didn't bother me
i tried it for 5 nights and it did nothing.
i'd say if you have the right skin type
it did not agree with my skin
doesn't last as long
'm not the only one who hates the new packaging
this one did not wow me at all
very pricey and did not impress me for the price.
didn't use on eyes.
it seems it is not for everyone
i did not really like it with my luna
t does what it says
doesn't even get all the
it didn't agree with me
but not this one.
i really didn't like it
it seems like i am the only person who thinks the item smells bad
maybe i have a defect
it did not do a good job taking off all my makeup
while i must admit i do love this
don't get me wrong
it didn't work either
i think this product just doesn't go along with my skin type
maybe it's because i'm just 26 years old
i don't see any change in my skin whatsoever
maybe it's because i'm not old enough to need it
nor am i sure i would recommend it.
in the end i think it's a gimmick with no payoff
this product did nothing except make my skin break out
the product did not do much for me
didn't see any changes to my skin
this product didn't work for me.
it did not help much with hyrdration either.
i did not expect skin aggravation and breakouts.
i also did not notice a difference in moisture.
i think the point is to confuse you to drop a bill on this can
so don't know if its a good product or not.
wish i could give this the 5 stars the "product" deserves
until you can't get anymore out of the can
i did not notice anything special as far as what it does for my skin
i just dont notice any difference except for my wallet becoming flattend out
not sure what this is exactly!
and it didn't cause me to break out.
the results it is not
it didn't work well under either
i can't justify paying $150 for something i can rarely use
i didn't use it long enough to be able to comment on its effectiveness
i don't think i will buy this.
it didn't smell like this
i can tolerate so much for the sake of beauty
i don't care if i wake up looking like beyoncé.
not for me though.
which i would hardly say this moisturizer is
you'd never put it on your face
do not use this product
sever reaction, i would say!!!
it's unfortunate because i probably won't buy it again as a result
don't know that i'll bother trying it again
i would've loved the cream if not for the smell
i don't know how people use this cream on their face
won't be buying this anymore.
this product is the only one from the truth creme line that doesn't cause me to breakout
which i do not mind
like someone else said
i rate this product at a 3 only because it isn't exactly what my skin needs
for me it's nothing special
seriously - it is not a cream.
it's okay after that.
i don't even know if this is a good product or not
it could be a miralce worker for all i know
i actually don't mind it, but it is strange.
it didn't break me out at all
i recommend you actually go to a sephora
that's the only downside, i'd say.
like i did with philosophy-hope in a jar
this did not provide enough hydration
something is not agreeing with my skin
unfortunately i couldn't even test this because the smell was so strong
i can't even properly review this product because i couldn't get over how bad the smell was
this one isn't of them
i can't really describe what it is exactly.
could tell it was doing something
sorry but i do not recommend this product.
i couldn't wait to put it on
i can't say i saw any changes.
which i find to be the case with many oh products
i say save your money
this did nothing at all
has asked me not to use it
it just doesn't agree with my skin
i couldn't take it
that you have to pat it on
didn't break me out
it didn't seem to depuff my eyes
so glad i did not buy this product.
didn't see improvement on my skin.
it didn't really do anything i wanted it to.
if i could just buy lotion if thats what i wanted
it's not any better than anything else i've used.
it smells bad enough that i would not repurchase.
this product didn't really work for me.
had to exchange it for something else
the product did not break me out
this product unfortunately did not do as claimed for my skin
did not work for me at all
this hasn't made a difference for me at all.
afraid to use it thinking it will be gone
there is nothing that can help it
not what it claims to do
this product doesn't work
not sure how much this did for me
i don't really notice a difference when i skip it
the bar did a lot to help it
not sure if this made much of a difference though
it doesn't 100% take care of the problem
it did not work for me
it did not mattify at all!!
it doesn't seem to be working very well anymore
sadly, this product didn't help.
sorry to say i will look for another product that may work better
not only does this product not work very well
this product doesn't really mattify
obviously didn't experiment with it much
it didn't "mattify" for me
it does not mattify as promised
i didn't see any difference in my skin.
unfortunately i don't like the feeling
did nothing for me.
didn't see/notice any difference in my skin
oh well, i tried it, on to something else.
this does not get my face clean at all
i don't think that there should be that much alcohol in any skin care product
would not recommend it to anyone.
which i don't find to be necessary because it's supposed to make your skin look better
i don't see any difference in my face
i can't say that it worked mircales
that's about it for me
i don't see any results yet
thats what you get
for this reason maybe that is why it doesn't last long
didn't do much for me
i didn't under under my makeup
it didn't work every time which was annoying
said to say there is no change.
did not make any difference
i honestly can't see a difference in my eyes
did not like the feeling at all.
kind of defeats the purpose, i'd say...
wasn't the product for me
i love all boscia products, not this.
i couldn't believe how little was in the tube.
did not get the results i wanted
which is not too bad
i did not notice any improvement in my skin around the eyes
i didn't think it did much for puff factor
maybe it works for other people
it didn't do much for me
i don't regret buying it
didn't see any results with depuffing really...
which is not what i was after
even though it would probably clear up on it's own anyway
i didn't really notice much of a difference
but that's about it.
this product did not depuff my eyes at all
i didn't find that this did anything for me.
it does not work for me
it does not a sort into my skin either
thought maybe it was a coincidence
to see if that would make a difference
there wasn't anything especially wrong with this product
didn't use up a lot of cash
wish i could say more.
not even the fine ones
can't say whether it works for that
i wouldn't buy it because i don't have faith enough that it'll do as it says it will to pay $80
did not work for my skin at all
i don't know if i got a bad batch
i don't see any results
i am giving it one star because this product did not do anything it claimed it would
it did not help with any of my needs
i really wished that i did not waste my money
make sure you buy this product from sephora or request a generous sample so that you do not get stuck with a hard to finish expensive bottle like i did
because it does not get the job done
thats about it though.
i didn't see any great results
it did not do much for my dark circles
i'll admit that i didn't use it for any length of time to see if i liked the results
that didn't make any difference
it pains me to say that
this one wasn't anything special
i wanted to love it, but it didn't love me.
it also does not really do much to address fine lines
it didn't even a little
if you can afford this
unfortunately it did not clean it all the way
it's just not gonna come from me.
i can't be sure
i dont know how this has good ratings
it didn't do anything drastic, i don't think.
i didn't notice any difference.
it just didn't give me clear results
it doesn't do anything
i cant say it has worked as it should
i cant notice any difference in my skin tone.
did not really do anything it advertises to do
no matter how little you apply
it did not break me
it just didn't work for me
you should probably consider if you really think this would work for you or not
took a break from the oil to make sure it wasn't something else
so sadly this oil isn't for me.
see how it does
it didn't turn out in that way
this one result it's doesn't come out that way
don't think it worth the price since it doesn't do nothing special for me
the truth is the product does not work
i believe the juno is the cause.
i am still not sure what it was supposed to do
i did not see any change in anything after 4 weeks of use
this product is not for you
i don't feel like the luna is doing anything either
this did nothing for my skin except break me out.
might give this another go on a section of my face to see if it's really causing this
the smell alone makes me not want to use it
the results that i have experienced have not even been worth the smell let alone the outrageous price of this product
it hasn't helped with that either
which is not what i want from a $100+ product
i can't say that i noticed a difference in my skin
try to see if i notice any difference
however the reason i don't think it's worth the money is it didn't lighten any of my spots even a little
it did not work for me.
this literally did nothing for my skin.
it literally did nothing for my skin.
i gave 2 stars vs 1 because i didn't break out from it or anything
my skin looks exactly the same
'm not saying it's a bad product
im not sure what percentage of la there is in here
i can say that it caused no irritation
honestly i regret purchasing both
it did nothing for me
this product did not correct them a bit.
i didn't get the hype!
it just didn't do the trick
it did not do me good
don't keep using it like me
i hate to have to chose how many stars to give this
i don't like this star rating system because 3 stars doesn't mean it's a bad product
it just didn't work well for my particular skin
you should get a in person sample at the store before you spend this much money on something that may irritate your skin
not quite what i was hoping for
it just doesn't agree with me sadly
i didn't mind the smell
maybe i just don't need it yet
because i didn't see any of the changes everyone else is raving about
i didn't mind the smell as much as other people seem to
this didn't seem strong
i can't let it sit on my face for too long
thankfully it didn't break me out
i didn't see a difference in my skin at all
if you decide to use it, just know that going in.
didn't work for either of us
didn't do anything for my pores.
product does what it says.
i think it did the opposite
i never have breakouts
i wouldn't purchase this regardless of the price because it doesn't do anything special
doesn't really make a difference.
still trying to figure out it's purpose as it doesn't do anything
i can't see spending 45$ on this.
what it does or doesn't do i don't think it's worth it
unfortunately, this was a miss for me.
this might not be for you
why would i want that on my face?
as for it doing the job it's meant for
i almost can't review the product because the smell is all i can think about when i use it
i've used this product a couple of times just to make sure i wasn't crazy
didn't really notice a difference in my skin or pore size either
if you're going for price
'm wondering if this caused them
what does it do?
it just didn't work for me.
it's actual performance is just fine
this did nothing for me
unfortunately it did not really help my acne at all
it didn't make it worse
it just didn't make it any better
this one just isn't one of them
i feel like it doesn't do any better than the cerave cleanser i used before
it would be three stars if it didn't cost so much
can i just say this smells terrible
not to mention the fact that i have gone through half the bottle
really any cleanser can do that
i honestly cannot tell if it's done any good
don't smell it anymore
i just can't justify the price for the amount you get
never have this kind of problem
i don't know whether they just sent me one r
i did not like this product
can't speak to its results
i didn't use all that much
i couldn't imagine applying it during the day as the product suggests you should do
it didn't have much of a smell that i noticed
i did not like this one
i mean i guess it sorta works
the breakouts on my face weren't just a spot here
no way, this "oil" was enough.
i don't feel any burning like some others have at all
time will tell, i guess.
i like this product because you don't need a lot to cover your face
i used it for 2 weeks and didn't see any results.
it doesn't make up for lack of results
i wonder if that wasn't part of the problem
it did nothing for my skin
didn't work for me.
this did not do what i needed it to do
this product just didn't work for me.
i am not sure if i have truly seen the mpact promised on lines around lips
i honestly don't see a bit of difference
i do think this product was a waste of money
not even on really fine lines
did nothing for my lines
i could maybe see how it work as a primer
it didn't seem very smooth
i would not recommend this product.
would like to see some difference
even 1/2 of what they state
i did not see any difference
didn't have the results it promises either
i didn't see any results it promised
it doesn't say what it does---do not buy it's a waste of money
it didn't do my skin any good nor did it hurt.
i didn't see any improvement after a month of use
it's like it was never there.
this did nothing to help with my acne
if you're like me
i would not say clean
this product doesn't is not bad
but to be honest, it doesn't help either.
even though it's like what other reviewers had said
don't think i can continue to justify spending that much money
not only does it not work as well
spend your money on something else!
i can't say i'd recommend it
there is something in this moisturizer my skin did not like
it didn't do anything for my acne
i personally am not prone to acne
pros: i'm not exactly sure which ingredient does this
i didn't find that his helped at all with breakouts
i would recommend at least trying it because it does have such good reviews
this didn't work for me
needless to say i returned this product.
i don't like this at all
i need to return it asap because it didn't work for my skin type
could not take it anymore
but it is indeed a 5 star product.
guess i'm just not sure if it worth buying it
it didn't make it worse or cause anymore breakouts from using it
sadly this did nothing for me
might be my own skin but not too sure.
i don't seem to see any results
it's like i never even put it on
didn't notice a change at all!
really wanted to give it a shot even though i had never tried philosophy's skin care line
this product unfortunately does not compare to the rest of the line
i don't mean to be vain
will not be using this anymore!
this did not work for me
i don't know but i wasn't going to wait and see.
wouldn't recommend this to anyone
didn't really seem to help clear up her skin
for me, this product did not work.
it did nothing for my skin.
it didn't help his either
why did you have to go
can't really say how well this would work on it's own
maybe it wasn't right for my skin type.
it did the job
not sure if it made me break out or not
it definitely did not help
i really didn't like it
didn't break me out which was nice
felt like it did almost nothing
this just didn't work for my skin type.
this cream doesn't do anything.
i would not recommend at all.
unfortunately that was not the case for me.
it didn't feel like
it wasn't doing it
i did not notice a single difference after using this eye mask
i don't like the inconvenience of having to do virtually nothing while it's on
tried this and it didn't de-puff nothing.
it did nothing for my dark circles
though annoying since i couldn't do much
i didn't notice much improvement after either use
not under or around
that was fine for me, but did not perform.
was not a fan of that
i didn't really notice any depuffing.
but i don't see any difference after use.
it didn't help with any of my dark circles as it claims to do
it did nothing for the appearance of my eyes as it claimed it would do
it did almost nothing to my tired eyes
i gave it 3 stars only because it didn't help as much with puffiness
didn't do anything for me.
it didn't do anything
it wasn't bad at all
i wish it wasn't a one-time use mask
although i couldn't really tell if they worked
didn't really depuff my eyes
or at least not enough that i noticed
this mask did nothing.
it didn't do anything to the appearance of my dark circles
this stuff does nothing
it doesn't do what it claims to do
i don't know if its a certain ingredient or what
it didn't do anything
i guess nothing is going to help my acne ugh
it did nothing for me at all
although i do not get a lot of blemishes
it's exactly the same.. if not worse.
this while bottle did nothing for my face.
it did nothing to my skin.
this product did not live up to what it claims i do not recommend this product if u have moderate to severe acne
this did nothing for me.
it did not improve my skin tone
i just can't figure out what i'm doing wrong
she was surprised that anyone had recommend this product to me because it is not meant for mild or hormonal acne
this did nothing what so ever for my acne
i eventually couldn't do it anymore
yes i like to use a lot
i didn't even use 1/10 of the product in 3 weeks it lasts so long
it didn't work sadly probably just me
i would encourage you to try it because we all don't have the same skin types
if it works for you <3 if it doesn't call me
it doesn't seem to be doing much for me
while it didn't eliminate it
immediately started breaking out like i do with most products that simply don't control my acne
didn't see a difference in my skin
maybe i don't have bad enough acne to notice anything
didn't do anything for my skin.
too bad it just didn't work for me.
when i find something that works
unlike anything else on the market
because this product is just too awful that i have to write something to let other people know
i did not think this was fast absorbing.
i would not recommend it.
can't wait to be done with it
just didnt do anything special.
figured i could deal
the only benefit is that it did not make me breakout
but it didn't do anything beneficial either.
didn't break me out
i certainly do not recommend this moisturizer
she did not like it either
does not control oil enough
i did not like this product at all.
i also did not like the feel of this
this product did not work for me
as this product did infact do what it says it does
this product did not keep my t-zone matte at all!
it just does work for me.
this product didn't help with oil at all.
i did not see any results.
it does nothing for me
i didn't realize there are infomercials for this stuff
if you try this
not sure it has done anything
i just don't see a difference in my skin
this was not cheap
i guess what i'm saying is this might work
i did not see any results that would make me continue to use such an uncomfortable product
i hate to say it
not sure if i just got a bad tube
...guess that's what points/samples are for!
does nothing to help the skin
doesn't make me break out or cause anything adverse
which is not what you want as the base of everything else you add to your skin
can't believe the price for this.
i don't even know what it's supposed to do.
it honestly did nothing of what it was advertised to do
i don't know if i should've given 2 weeks
i didn't see or felt any changes in my skin
i don't think it is anything special
i will say that it certainly hasn't irritated my skin
i really can't say i noticed any change after using it
i did enjoy the light
every time i use this product not only do i fail to notice any benefits
i didn't see much change in my skin after using up the whole bottle
but i don't like how it sticks.
as in i don't notice a difference in my skin if i leave it off one day
sad to say this product didn't do much for me.
not too bad when i start to use
did not help much.
this just did not provide the moisture as stated
this serum just did not live up to the claims
so maybe it's just me
the oil didn't go anywhere
only if i know how
will not recommend to anyone.
i didn't even want to try with my perfume on top
i didn't like how the scent didn't dissipate much after application
only thing i can live without is the smell.
and by yet, i actually mean i never will.
my instinct is not to use it on my face
my skin did not react well with this
i didn't notice any difference in the look of my skin at all
it did not help at all
the smell certainly isn't
just wish i could use in my hair as well
i wouldn't give up my josie maran for this.
i didn't feel any difference after using this mask for one month
this product didn't live up to my expectations.
it also didn't make a huge difference either
i didn't like this mask that much!
didn't notice much of a difference in my skin.
i didn't like the texture either
this didn't nothing for me personally
it didn't do miracles or make a change or improvement the mask does feel weird feels like u could do this mask at home with the oatmeal nothing to rave i wouldn't buy again unless i got a sample
this did nothing for my skin
this mask doesn't do anything.
either way, this was a fail for me.
it did none for my skin
do not recommend this mask at all.
this is not one of them
i am not usually that bothered by smells
not sure why since oatmeal should not be irritating
it wasn't for me
doesn't break me out
i don't think it helps my skin in any way
not sure this does anything
don't know if this is a usual reaction to this or not
i mean anything to help am i right
i don't know why they recommend me this
didn't work for me .
i did make sure i told this to the sephora rep
it does an ok job.
it didn't control any oil
do love the product
the other thing i hate about this is the smell
the lady at sephora convinced me this one wouldn't be too heavy
the cream does say "very rich" so no surprise there lol
this won't fix it
"rescue" claims don't really apply here
unfortunately, it didn't really help.
it didn't do anything special for me
it wasn't wow either
didn't like that it wasn't "velvety" enough for me
didn't do much for my skin
i knew it had to be this moisturizer because i hadn't changed anything in my skin care routine
thats all i can say about this product
didn't work for me
i don't know what was
i dont use it as much as i would if jot for this
it does nothing for my dark circles i can't give this anything other than 1 star
doesn't work at all
have not seen any difference at all
something that doesn't do anything that it claims to
it didn't do anything
it does not do anything to my dark circles.
i do believe that it helped my dark circles
this didn't work for me.
this is exactly that.
do not spend your money on this.
i really wished this worked but alas it didn't.
it sadly did nothing for me
i don't suffer from any puffyness
didn't used it directly
this really didn't do anything to help
it did nothing for me personally
i didn't expect it to be tinted at all
make it do something
didn't buy another tube
i didn't see a difference in color at all
didn't work for dark circle i don't recommend this to anyone
guess i'll find out if that's any better
not what i expected.
i did not notice a scent.
couldnt be more wrong
could not see any difference
i can say that i did not notice a difference
this didn't do anything for me
that's about where it ends
my circles look exactly the same
all i can think is maybe for some people they are there due to lack of sleep
it did nothing, not even hydrate the skin.
did not work for me at all
hope this helps to whom ever tries to buy this because it's not worth putting $40 for something that does not work
i guess when youreach a certain age
i definitely wouldn't recommend this to anyone because i have dry skin
the product does not deliver what it promises.
unfortunately, i can't say any of that.
it doesn't do much
while i don't expect miracles
some days, this product does not work at all.
i would not recommend this
i would not recommend this product.
this did not meet my expectations
do not waste money on this product.
don't expect any change
product just did not work for me.
i also feel that this product isn't enough hydration either
as nothing else in my routine had changed
this eye cream did nothing for me.
i guess it works for some people
i stopped using it because i didn't like the texture of it
i could hardly smile
this did nothing for me.
i tried it on it's own
the smell didn't bother me at all
for me it just didn't work
i didn't notice any improvement in my skin
i truly notice no difference
so maybe that's it
it just didn't really do anything
i still don't know if it's for me
did not absorb anything at night
i didn't give it 5 stars because i felt that it did make me breakout a little more
it doesnt promise anything that it states
i should just stick to what i know works
do not use this product
don't even try it, it's not worth it.
i did not see any change in my skin with this product
i don't really see results from using this product
i gave this product 3 stars because it does not break my skin out
it's just not for me.
wasn't for me so i had to return.
i didn't use the pads do not sure if that may have made a difference
maybe it will work for someone else.
didn't see any results
see what happens though
i don't notice any result
not sure if because the retinol content is not high enough to have any effect
i do not see a difference in my dark spots nor is my skin any brighter
didn't see any results
you don't like it
i think most people don't know this
one good thing i can say about this product is that
it hasn't done anything for me.
i wanted to like it.
i didn't feel like there was much a difference
i guess it helped to keep some r
the one thing it did which i am not mad about is noticeably fade/ diminish my fine lines greatly woohoo
i don't notice anything different
'm not sure if my breakouts are because of the retinol or if i'm just sensitive to something else in the solution
this stuff really doesn't do what is says it should
i didn't want to give it a bad review
i just didn't get any results from this product
i didn't really see results using it.
the actually container is terrible you cant pump anything out
i like the product, not love it but like it.
i do my research before i buy anything
that was enough to know that it is not for me
it either does not pump out
not only did it not help reduce acne
this mask did not seem to do much
no matter how i used it
it would be an excellent mattifier if it didn't make me break out
not leave any color
this product literally does nothing.
i can't say i've ever used it overnight because i don't want to ruin my sheets
at the same time i cant see any hydration
clearly didn't work for me
i must say you could see the difference
greasy looking although not terrible which is why i used it at night
it does not matter if i use a primer or not or even what primer or foundation i use-- regardless the cream balls up on my skin after i apply my foundation
its a waste of money-- does not do anything really
i didn't notice any other changes in my skin
i do not see any difference it makes to my skin.
it does not have a strong smell.
if you can't live with the scent then makes no sense to buy it at $195/bottle
this one is not
i also didn't find that it absorbed well for me when i did try it
i do not like the way it smells
it's very heavy on my face i'm hoping it does not break me out
i would only recommend this product if you do not have sensitive skin
if that doesn't bother you
not sure yet if the product works or not.
it's the getting it on part that i hate
it's not what i want to wear on my skin all day
you do not get what you pay for with this product
i can't believe i paid that much for a moisturizer
unfortunately, this did not brighten them at all.
no idea if that was a factor
this product does not work
this one does not deliver any of what's promised.
perhaps thats why the product is not consistent.
not only that it did not reduce the dark spot
didn't see any improvement at all.
don't see / feel any differences.
because of bad breakout i couldn't continue it
i can only say this is not for me
it's still too soon to tell
this product seems like hype
it didn't seem to do anything
this product really did not help
then it's a good investment
i did not give it the full 30 days in which most experts would say you should try a product for
you don't need much
that's all it did
not sure why it's bad to put on your eyelid!
maybe it'll work on someone else.
did not see any difference in terms of my dark eye circles
it also does not have any scent to it
didn't see much result
i can hardly tell the difference
did not notice any differences
i think there is something in the fragrance that does not work with me
i just couldn't see any results
does not make a difference
guess i expected a "miracle".
because i don't want to buy one for am
this did nothing for me.
i didn't like this at all.
this did not work well for me.
this did nothing for me.
it didn't work for him.
he didn't see any difference so exchanged it for another eye cream
this did not do the trick
didn't see much of a difference in my crows feet
these didn't do much for my eye bags at all
i didn't really see any improvement in my eyes
it certainly isn't hurting anything.
not sure about the lifting yet
thought this would do the trick
she didn't like the feeling
don't see any change at all
it is not light enough for combination
i don't know how to describe it
it did not make a difference
it did not work for me
didn't help not even 60% of the time
this didn't do anything for me
i didn't notice any improvement in my skin with use
i would reply "probably not
you can't see how much is left.
it didn't breakout my face.
i feel that it has not done anything dramatic to my skin other than simply hydrating it
i could pick up something from the drugstore that would do exactly the same thing
i didn't like this.
do not buy this product.
i just couldn't get on board
this did nothing for me
some days it did okay, but just ok.
honestly just think this didn't work for my type of skin
it does the job
however my skin really didn't take well to it
this is not it.
i do know it did not get the job done for me
but not enough oomph for me in the winter.
this is not it :
however, doesn't fit to my face.
it didn't work any wonders or anything
i don't think it actually did anything
i do appreciate how it doesn't have spf in it- i hate the way spf
i do not think i will repurchase
i wanted to say it is only a night cream
its so difficult to find a moisturizer that wont break me out
since the packaging doesn't allow visual confirmation as is impossible to break you don't know what's left
i just couldn't get past the 'aroma'.
it is not for me
what i don't like is the pump
i wouldn't use it every day
i still can't get part of it off
there's nothing left in there
that's probably because it didn't even last me a month to take a notice
since you can't open it
it actually doesn't work very well
unfortunately, it is not for me!
i did not see any improvements or felt it was worth trying on any longer
didn't see any brightening.
actually made me break out
it's gotten bad enough that my boyfriend asked what was wrong with my face
he seldom notices anything
probably happy it doesn't bc of the hefty price tag
waste of time and money if you ask me.
the only thing i don't like is the pump
i wish they would change it
i am not alone
can we please get our tried
this isn't one of them
can' say if it really works are not
did not notice any improvement
it didn't notice much change on my pore size
that doesn't mean it's for every body's skin in the same category
unfortunately this product did not work at all on my combination skin
i wouldn't recommend this line to anyone!
so that's probably why i haven't seen results.
i did not see any result yet
it didn't help with oil control
i didn't notice a different in firmness either
i don't know if this is supposed to be used with another perricone pore treatment product
alone i can't say i've seen much of a difference in my skin since i started using it
wasn't in any particular rush
i couldn't tell any difference at all for my t zone
maybe it does for some, but certainly not for me.
i can't believe people actually like this
it wasn't what i was expecting
this product just doesn't deliver.
i didn't know that was possible.
let me warn everyone
i hardly notice it.
or you might love it
i’m not convinced that it is anything special.
this product just didn't work that well for me
i can't really justify the price though.
i couldnt run fast enough to get this off of my skin
i didn't have the burning
i can't say my skin feels any different than it does after other exfoliators i have
it didn't feel better
i didn't experience the burining sensastion that other did
there wasn't even enough left
it didn't burn like crazy or anything like that
i actually like the leaves
i didn't get any glowy effect or anything special
can't say much good about it.
didn't seem to do anything special that any other exfoliator could do for much cheaper
left just icky if you working thinking of buying this due to all the youtube hype i would pass
i would not say it helped a lot with fine lines
i dont think it deserves any stars
it didn't get any better
this does nothing for me unfortunately.
maybe not the usual result but it happened to me.
but didn't see any results with this either.
i don't know why this is so expensive
did not work for me
the product didn't seem to work even in the least bit
i figured because of how expensive this product was i would give it a fair shot
it didn't do a darn thing
it did nothing for my eyes
there is hope that the product would do something
ing a something else that actually works
not only it didn't make it look better
that's important otherwise you have to use another product this did nothing for my bags after 6 weeks
still can't decide how i feel about it
i can't figure out what it's doing for my skin
i feel like it does not fully absorb
it's been less than 2 week so we shall see
it did not brighten my skin as claimed
at least it didn't make my skin break out.
didn't see any improvements
wont break you out
i break out occasionally but not badly.
i also didn't notice any changes in my skin.
all in all i would not purchase this product as it did not improve my skin
at least that's what i believe it was
sadly i was not
i don't think it did what it should do for the cost
this didn't do what i was expecting it to do
i must say i am now a fan.
i do like this product
'm not sure if i would recommend it to others yet
didn't make any difference
for the love of god why is that still in any product
i wish i didn't spend the money on this.
it did not make my skin breakout though.
it didn't do any great
it didn't hurt anything
i didn't notice any skin improvement for using it
yet this product is not cheap by any means
i like it, just not love it.
does not remove makeup that well either.
does it do all it claims to do?
in a nutshell, it does.
one negative is that it doesn't come with clear instructions
had to look up exactly how to use it
what exactly is that stick thing?
i don't think i can really spend nor justify spending a couple hundred dollars on just one product
see if that helps
you do not need to use much
i found it strange that the packaging didn't include any instructions for use or even a description of what the product did
i wish i could say that i've seen a difference in the lines on my forehead
knew nothing about it or the company
can someone let me know please?
i do not think i would re-purchase
the product didn't work for me.
it didn't do what it said it would
will return product for something else
it didn't help my skin
it didn't help my acne
i did not find any magic so far.
did not see a difference with a month of use.
i dont see any changes on my dark spot though
i am not sure if i am overusing it
does not look like
i don't think it actually did anything enough to repair skin
i would not have minded only if it worked
it did not do anything special for my skin.
maybe it's the "tightening" they claim it does even though don't really see a difference
i can't really say that i've seen any result i diminishing any fine lines or wrinkles
this did nothing for either of those things.
not enough to justify the cost
not only it did not lift
i didn't notice any "lifting
do yourself a favor and do not buy.
i do not know how this product got such a high review
didn't cause any irritation so those are the only positives
didn't see what was so great.
didn't see any results except the zit!
i did notice it does hydrate a decent amount
i can't recommend this product to anyone.
it definitely doesn't deliver
it does not act like an eye primer
oh and did i mention that it stings??
thank goodness for the return policy cause i would have been upset to loose so much money on a product that didn't work for me
i think it's a decent formula that might work better on someone else
it did do what it promised though
i honestly didn't see any results
really didn't see any changes in the puffiness
apparently i do need to spend almost $100 for a good eye cream
now i'm so glad i didn't waste my money purchasing it
none of them have given me bad reactions
this product didn't do much at all for my me
just didn't work out for me
didn't prevent any breakouts
i now have no idea what to do
i really do not recommend this for anyone
did not go away for a while.
not sure why i even bought
don't bother with this.
clear up my pores it did not
didn't really notice much of a difference in my face
didn't work for me.
do not do the same mistake i did.
it didn't work out
i just didn't do wonders like i thought it would.
this product doesn't work for me.
there's no difference before and after.
i don't see it doing anything.
come to think of it i didn't use the treatment that much this past week
it didn't deliever for me
can't seem to like it
i just think it's overpriced for what it does
this broke me out, not terribly but just enough.
but that's about it.
unfortunately it did not work with my skin type which is dehydrated
just not the moisturizer for me unfortunately.
can't figure out why though!
it doesn't help much not matter how much i use it
this is not the product for you
i just didn't research well enough
i don't know what it is
nothing seems to work for me from their line
didn't cause me to breakout though.
maybe it's just not absorbing well enough.
it's just not appealing to me.
i didn't like how it felt on my face
which is what it's intended for
the thing i can't get over about this product is the smell
there are serious things i don't love about this product
so that wasn't even overly surprising or what made me truly dislike it
what i really didn't like was the massive amount of time this took to sink in vs
i will be trying a new moisturizer since i cannot wear this under make-up anymore
this is not good for anyone other then people with only crazy dry skin
unfortunately it seems that origins decided to change things up
if you didn't have a sense of smell
i couldn't even see if this "made a difference" because the smell was so nauseating
figured it wouldn't hurt to try this one
maybe this may work for your i cannot attest to how it holds up under foundation
since i don't use it
i can say that it never irritated my powder application
it only does an ok job
didn't last very long
this product just did not match up
it just didn't help with oil control at all
it did nothing that it claimed it would do.
i decided to try it anyway
it doesn't do what it says.
if you are wondering if you should buy this
if you want something to do something i suggest not wasting your hard earned money on this
this one didn't work out for me
plus i haven't seen any results with it so waste of money
didn't notice any difference in my skin
i cannot say enough good things about it
the smell makes me want to not use the product it's just such a disgusting smell which is why i have to give it a lower review
don't know if there's a catch to that or not
i didn't even have them as a teenager.
it didn't do anything that it said it would in the description
i decided not to blame it on the product
i know it says it takes about 6 weeks to see any difference
i definitely would not recommend.
does not cause me to breakout
the smell does not go away
this did not work for me
it didnt help with anything
i don't know why
this product did not work well for me
i did not work
it did not diminish any lines
this cream did not manage to work
i don't really have any lines on my face
it doesn't mean this product is not good
it really didn't do much for me
honestly, i don't understand the hype.
if you dispense too much its not like you can put it back in
i did not use long enough to notice
which i also didn't like
haven't notice any difference yet
i've never experienced anything like it.
wasn't a huge fan, it did nothing for me.
if i didn't get this in a kit i would return it.
it has not caused me to break out
that's not the case with this
it did not do anything great for my skin.
it's just a no from me.
all i know is that this just isn't for me
t really disappoints me that this product caused a breakout
i try not to give a product negative reviews simply because it breaks me out
just because it doesn't work with my skin
doesn't mean it's a bad product
sadly it didn't work out for me
wouldn't recommend this product to people that break out easily like me
just not for me
i think if you have dryer skin you would like it more
didn't work well for me.
i wanted to like it
i really did not like the smell
i really didn't notice any results
i wanted to like this but ehh.
but that's all i have to say about it.
it did nothing for fine lines.
it's not as effective as i would have liked it to be
didn't notice any benefits
i wanted to like it
it doesn't do enough even without the problems it's given me
didn't sit under makeup well
if you are like me
this just didn't do it
it does not seem to be good enough
i did not feel much from it at all.
i just did not like how it felt on my skin.
yet i dont see a diference
it didn't do anything
for any price, i guess i wouldn't purchase this.
didn't think twice since it's murad
i didn't notice any difference
i just feel like this didn't do anything for me for the long term
i just didn't see any results with this product.
i did not like this.
i don't know why
didn't really show any results
it still didn't help
this did not happen
guess my mission continues
in room temperature so don't know what went wrong
i really didn't notice any change in my skin.
plus, it didn't make a difference.
i really can't believe this is an eye product.
this one did not work for me
i can't go to bat for this one
i don't see any difference
i don't notice any miracles happening
it didn't get better.
so sorry this didn't work out!
while i didn't experience the irritation that others did
i did have some
i didn't really notice a difference except it burned
the cream does not actually do anything for my skin
it didn't work for me
seem to be in the minority here
did not lessen the look of fine lines
too bad it didn't work for me
i am not sure if this actually works
i did not really notice any improvement with this product over a week
i never really expect eye creams to work miracles
i don't know if they will print this
the 2nd time to be sure it did what i thought it did
i don't not recommend this product.
this did not work out for me at all
didn't seem to have any other problems once it was off of my skin
or they don't do what they say they will at all
i didn't notice any difference in my face
i didn't see any real difference even after months of trying this
i didn't really see a difference
it doesn't work for me
just personally cannot deal with a product that doesn't sink into my skin
it just didn't work out
unfortunately it's going back.
i wouldn't recommend wasting your money
it might work for other scars though i can't imagine if it didn't work on a fresh scar how much it would do for older ones
anything past that i don't see it happening
this didn't do anything for me really.
this is the only product that i have anything negative to say
this did nothing to my skin even after i used 1/2 the product
why i can"t see the change ?
i can't attest to whether it works or not because i did not use it for the required period of time
though i do not think it has gotten rid of them completely
not sure about repurchasing because i don't feel it has made that much of a difference
i reaaaally wish i wouldn't have wasted $45 on this
i couldn't find any difference
this product did not work for me at all
i don't see any improvement.
i didn't see any improvement
it didn't work for me
can't say anything about the effectiveness yet
i did notice that it does not work under makeup
for what i did
i can't say that this product has done much for me
so that might be the answer to my results
i didnt get the results i wanted
please let me know
maybe it's just me.
my skib did not react well to the retinol
i realize that not every product works for everyone
this one did not work for me
this product just wasn't for me
it did not deliver the results it said.
didn't see a difference at all
i never want to review any products.
so please use it caution if you want to buy.
not really seeing any results yet.
it's actually making the lines around my eye's more pronounced which is certainly not what i want
unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype.
it also didn't help a ton with the pores on my nose which is something i was hoping for too
it did not work at all under makeup.
it didn't help with breakouts
needless to say, i wont be repurchasing.
maybe just not meant for my skin type...
i will say it doesn't really smell good
other that that, i do like it
i hate this product did nothing for my pores made me breakout
so for that reason alone i will probably not repurchase because i hate having these little balls of makeup
for this much money i do not want to
not only did it make me break out
i didn't see any difference in my pores
it didn't work for me
it didn't make a difference
i doubt that another few says will change anything
i rarely hate every single thing about a product
no matter if i used this alone
i do not recommend this product.
i really can't say anything about results as i can't use it
this product did nothing
i wanted to believe the hype of a algenist
i wouldn't say this is a horrible product
i did not noticed any results
i didn't see a difference in my pores
i do not like the scent
just not right for my skin type.
i tried to like this
guess it did too well of a job!
i did not find any results at all :/
i really wanted this to work, but it didn't.
i just do not see the results i thought i would.
i think it's been breaking me out more
can never really know if a product is the cause of it
though i wasn't sure what
it did not seem to work for me.
i wonder if another product from the algenist line could do the same
not make me break out
or if maybe i'm not using a good enough cleanser?
i do no see much if a difference
it should do what it states it suppose to do
see if it makes any difference
i hope i can find something that actually works!
didn't do anything other than dry out skin
both of us have come to conclusion that it doesn't seem to do much
not something i noticed
this did not deliver
i didn't see any results
did not irritate my eyes
this did not work for me
it hasn't done a single thing for my eyes
let alone worked in any of the ways the descriptions say it will
honestly it did not work at all
i would not recommend it.
didn't see any benefits
did not see a difference
i worried that i wasn't getting any hydration
one day of use was enough to scare me
which is why they say it can be a makeup primer
i hardly ever take time to review products i buy
didn't make any difference at all
why because i didn't use profanity or anything in that nature
just stating the fact to not be surprised if this product burns your skin
this product just didn't seem to have any effect
i think i'm just one of the small percentage of people that do not get results
i can't really report any results
not just the eyes
if i see no result
i can't say i see any difference in my eye area
i love that it doesn't break me out
they say you must give eye creams four months to see true results
why some people may like it
this product did not do anything for me.
this product may do some of what it is supposed to
it doesn't work for me.
i didn't see any change.
i didn't have a bad reaction or anything like that
i say several times because i just couldn't believe that i would be having a reaction to a product
it didn't do anything for me in regards to dark circles or fine lines
this did nothing for me.
i didn't think it did anything special.
if you want to see if this would work for you
i didn't see a difference at all
it's a miracle to have noticed any difference at all
after using the whole pot did not see any brightening effect at all
or at least i don't see any difference
i certainly don't love it
i didn't notice any difference in my under eyes
it honestly did nothing for my dark circles
still didn't see much of a difference
it didn't at all
it seems like it did
can't say i had any improvements
the reason why i would not buy this again: it stings a little
i don't know if i can attri
i don't see a big difference
i don't think this does anything for that
it was okay, nothing wrong with it.
i didn't notice any differences around my eyes
i didn't find it to be brightening
didn't work for me, a waste of money.
thought i would like this
this brightener didn't do anything for me.
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone
unfortunately, i saw no difference.
it's not going to make dark circles go away
i don't know why this is
unfortunately the product did not work for me.
this was a waste a money honestly.
i don't think it actually does anything
i think this might work for women who just simply want to have an eye moisturizer
it did not do anything for my eye's wrinkles.
did not irritate my skin
this is not a miracle product
didn't see much of a difference
it's claims don't really live up
i did not find that my eye area was brightened or anything
the only good thing i can say about this product is that it isn't too oil to cause any problems around my eye area
it doesn't do anything else that i can see
it doesn't break me out like others have
doesn't sing if you happen to get a little in your eyes while working it in
just wasn't what i was expecting.
didn't use it until today
for me this product didn't work
just sad this product didn't work on my face.
i also really did not like the smell.
it did not work for me
did not notice any improvement on my skin.
i did not find it as lovely other reviewers
didn't find much change
this product does nothing for it on either my face or h
wouldnt spend my money on this product again
it doesn't do anything spectacular for me
this product did not work for me
didn't do anything for my puffy eyes whatsoever even though i applied religiously for weeks
i could never use this because it does not absorb
why did dior change it?
i didn't have this problem to begin with
don't know why they didn't stick with a good thing
this product doesn't work as well in every way.
didn't think it was the eye cream until i stopped using it
it was not meant to be
did not help my dark circles at all
i did not see such improvement
do not buy this product unless you want wrinkles
it has not done anything to remove or prevent fine lines
certaintly not for the cost
it's honestly nothing special.
you'd be amazed how many do
this didn't do anything for me
which this didn't seem to help
i would not recommend this product if you have sensitive eyes which i found surprising as i have never had these issues with clinique in the past
i think it just is a bust or my skin isn't mature enough to get benefits
definitely doesn't do any miracles
believe me i've tried them all
it wasn't for me
i can't say it doesn't work for others?
this particular product just did not work for me
it just didn't work for me
may just use it if i'm on vacation or taking a long bath because i didn't like that it was heavy
if it didn't come in my 10 days of clinique set
i like how it feels when i apply it
i can't say if that was the cream or recent stress
i would not recommend this at all
if you're going to get this product
i find it's not enough in winter
which i didn't like much
as i've continued to use it i don't think it's really anything special
i didn't do anything for me
there isn't any difference in my skin
i didn't try anything new except this product
this product did absolutely nothing to hydrate my skin overnight nor did i have any kind of "glow" from it the next day
t wasn't like my skin was in bad condition when i tried this product
i rarely breakout from products it wasn't big or anything
doesn't do anything special
unfortunately, it caused me to break out.
so this product isn't for me
still a waste of money since it doesn't work
it also didn't really seem to sink into my skin.
did not work for me
however it did not really met my expectations
i felt like it didn't really do anything at all
both of us just felt like we didn't do anything at all
felt exactly the same.
i didn't really notice a big difference of when i use it vs when i don't
but...the product didn't deliver.
it didn't do anything
the only thing i didn't like is that it caused breakouts
i did not like this product at all!
i did not like this product i would prefer the sake balm mosturizer
it didn't seem to fully absorb
i really did not like this product
i would not recommend.
i couldn't take it anymore
so bad i can't stand to wear it.
this is not one of them
it doesn't seem to... do anything?
it did not seem to absorb well
30 it is just not enough for me
this is nothing like them
sadly this moisturizer was not one of them.
i would not recommend!
this one just didn't do it for me
however, the smell was not to my liking.
did not like the feeling on my face at all
my skin just doesn't like this one at all
not on my face
it did not have enough moisture to it
i cannot emphasize how bad my break out was.
needless to say i will not purchase anything from this br
didn't feel like it helped me that much for what it says it does
i didn't have any bumps in particular
it didn't really do much of anything
first i tried it only on my t-zone to make sure i wouldn't have a reaction
basically does nothing for me
probably from not getting enough hydration
i didn't love this mask at all.
the product didn't do much for me, sadly.
i do love the nars make up that i have tried so far
move on to something else
you if notice the same thing i did be mindful that it may not be for you
you'll never use all of it because you don't need very much
or you can screw it on to where you think it's completely closed
it just didn't do anything for my skin
i don't know if that is a coincidence or not
when i just couldn't decide if i should buy this product or not
it does not give your skin any trouble
it does nothing else
which i didn't care for
it does not do well with foundation
i usually like to buy things i've had samples of to make sure i don't spend money on something i don't like
the smell was not overwelming
it doesn't take off any makeup whatsoever
it didn't do anything for me
over-priced and doesn't do a thing!
the only problem was that i wasn't able to wear it under makeup
i do not have bad skin issues
i think it did not do anything for my skin.
it also does not go well under makeup
i really didn't notice anything beneficial after use
needless to say i will not be using this product at all
overall, it's not bad.
unfortunately, this product did not work for me.
there's nothing terrible about it
didn't find it was anything all that special
it did not work for me in that aspect as i did not notice any improvement of the redness in my face
this one doesn't ever seem to really sink in
i just don't like how it feels
if that's something you don't like then this probably isn't for you
didn't purchase it for myself
i can't even tell i have it on.
it does everything it promises
when i applied this it did not make a difference
it didn't really do anything
this just wasn't for me
i would say it was just ok.
it does not control oil :/
this is not going to help :/
this however is not
i don't wear that much make-up
which i usually never have
it didn't make me break out
turns out i did not like it.
i do love the smell though.
i think i'll give something else a try
i think it is meant for those people that don't wear make-up
did not irritate at all
even then it didn't feel the cleanest
even if there's still product left
doesn't last very long either.
it does not clean well
just not this one
i don't think so
not only did my face feel like it's not really clean
it does not remove makeup well at all.
i hate that i'm gonna have to return this
it did not work for me at all
honestly i haven't applied it enough times to say how well it works on my skin because i actually have to put an old shirt on my pillow at night because of the orange color it leaves on my face after applying it
nothing has happened to my skin
i didn't have any issues with dryness before
can't say much there
doesn't seem to make a difference to my face
people complaining about the smell i just don't get it
maybe you didn't shake it enough.
i don't know if this product has results
my god would i not want someone to be close enough to smell me
really can't give a thorough opinion yet
i wish i hadn't let the saleswoman talk me into this
i know some people hate it
i dont see any difference in my skin what so ever
it isn't a high bar for me to say of an oil
it just wasn't right for me
it didn't do anything in particular to my skin
i don't like the smell but not bad
i think the other ingredients are intended to cover up the smell since they don't really have any benefit
this just didn't work for me
it did not fade
this one didn't impress.
just couldn't get past it
this cream didn't help the fine lines or anything
this item is just ok
i couldn't see of feel any difference.
it did not provide enough moisture
didn't give it a long enough chance to see if my under eye wrinkles would disappear
this isn't for me.
unfortunately it didn't perform as well as the anti wrinkle
if you want it for fine line issue then i feel its not for you
it did not seem to absorb quickly
i don't use this for day
i do like the bottle
just didn't absorb well
could not use this
not sure if i was supposed to
don't think it's doing anything
i could not get past the smell.
i did not get to see any benefits because of this
that's exactly what your face will smell like if you use this cream
i didn't see much color as a result on my face
i couldn't even see if the color worked or not because i had to rinse it off after about 10 minutes- the smell of the product was so bad
like everyone else on here
i couldn't say it did anything for me.
what i could not stand was the smell.
i also did not realize this was a self tanner
the issue here for me is not the smell
yet, im willing to make sacrifices for good skin.
thats how i ended up here.
thats probably what smells so bad
that's when i realized what i'd just put on.
bothered me so much that i had to remove it with my cleanser
if you're going to try it
i will also add that i didn't care for the smell
i didn't find it any better either
this time even my child asked what was that smell
i am not kidding.
its not a feeling i want to have all day
i actually like the smell
definitely sample before you buy if you're just dying to try
here is why it's terrible...the smell!!!
i really can't say that it has done anything for my skin
i can't say that my opinion will change
i didn't see any results after using an entire bottle of this
but overall i didn't see results.
she told me i wouldn't get any with this
so while i have noticed a difference i don't think the price
it did exactly what it was supposed to.
i could't regret it more
this did not do anything to improve my skin's condition
i will be returning it b/c i can't justify spending that kind of money on something with little results
i do wish it had some spf in it.
does not seem like a gel to me
it makes me sad i can't even use the rest of it
honestly this eye cream is not a miss
this didn't live up to all the hype for me
so not only do i not think this smoothes out large pores anything like other reviewers have mentioned
it didn't fill my needs
couldn't tell if i loved it or not
it didn't do too much for pores
i love this brand... but not this product.
it just didn't wow me
other than that it's ok.
this primer just didn't work for me.
couldn't wait to get this
for some reason i just couldn't love this cream.
no matter how i applied it
i did an experiment
this is the first time i can absolutely say i don't like a product
unfortunately it did not a thing for me
i would not recommend at all
did not see changes in that either
which is what normally happens
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone
at least i think there's still a lot left--there's no way to know
not sure what happened
this did not agree with my skin at all
am not too sure about the effectiveness
i recommend that if you can't commit to every day use for the long term
i really haven't seen any results yet.
it's empty now and i have nothing good to say.
i did not expect it to work on my deep wrinkles.
i even started breaking out more which you would not think would happen with retinol
it did nothing for me.
does not seem to do much at the same time
didn't see the results
idk why this happened
it didn't do anything for my fine lines
this line did not have any customers to speak of
now i know why.
it didn't work for me
maybe my skin type is not meant for this product.
not sure what everyone's complaint is about the smell
didn't feel any change
this, however, i do not like at all.
i did not see the amazing
it didn't break me out or anything either
i personally don't enjoy using it
i would not consider this a night time moisturizer
now i cannot find a thing
i wanted to love it because i have tried other korres products
the product does what it should
i can't describe it as anything else
it didn't really do anything
it didn't really help me
wasn't sure if i was having a reaction
anything that burns should not got on my skin
this stuff didn't though
i guess i wouldn't recommend for combination skin
i can't figure out why
i am not sure why
i really do not underst
this product doesn't smell as bad as what other reviewers are saying
this didn't do much for me
did nothing for my skin
did not hydrate at all
did not notice any difference in my skin at all
did not apply it there
just not for me
i honestly just hate the smell so bad that it's keeping me from using it again
johnson product which means paying $45 for something you can probably get at the drugstore for $10
assuming it wasn't the mask's fault
which i did not expect
did not work for me.
such a bummer, because i did like the product.
what i do enjoy about the product is that it is:a
did not buy it
it did not do anything with my acne accept leaving my face oily
i didn't do anything on my face.
it didn't seem to have any positive effect on my skin at all
this just wasn't for my skin
and if you have a headache, forget it.
i am not sure if it was from this?
not sure if it was just my skin
i guess a drugstore creme would do the same
why would you have a suncreen product in a clear jar?
i would only recommend the small jar as i would be so mad if i had bought the big jar
did they change the formula on this?
do not recommend this product at all.
it didn't really do anything.
the jar says it's not supposed to be
i still want to love this.
i guess that is what was causing the irritation
didn't make me break out
i guess will have to look for something else to try
thats what this product will do to your face
i don't know if its the spf thing in this product that causes this
i am sorry but i don't like that look at all.
it doesn't smell bad or good or like anything
which is great if you use any other perricone products you know what i'm talking about
it hasn't hurt my skin either.
will definitely not recommend it to anyone else
i didn't like it
i like that it does not have a strong smell like of perricone's products
can't say i am surprised
it wasn't for me.
this did not make me break out
it didn't grease me out like this did
most products don't bother me
am not sure why this one does
that's how i know it is this product
i didn't have any sort of bad reaction to it
i would expect to see some kind of result
i didn't notice anything special
it didn't feel like it did anything special to texture
make up did not go on well
there's nothing wrong with these products
found that it did not do much besides hydrate my skin
did not cause acne for me nor did it make my skin look much younger
not sure what the fuss is all about
i didn't notice much of a difference
i am not exaggerating when i say it's given me the worst acne of my life
didn't do any miracles for my skin.
thought that this could be the answer to all of my acne problems
if you want to buy something
you just buy it
at this price point i'll try something else.
not only did it not work
it definitely didn't work for me
did nothing at all
after 2 months i didn't see any difference in my skin
i didn't find this to be anything special.
i break out horribly which just shouldn't happen.
for anti-aging it just did not work for me
the product didn't do anything for me
it might do something for someone else
no, nothing at all.
you might see a night
this product did not change the texture at all
it just didn't agree with my skin
it did nothing for my skin
will say the same thing
can't remember the name of it
i don't get the hype on this product.
while i do not mind the smell
this did not work for me
i wouldn't purchase just on smell alone
it didn't do anything
i don't know if that's how the samples are or if i got a dud
i would break out after which isnt like me since i do not have sensitive skin
i did not like the smell of this
which i'm not sure is from the mask or something else
it certainly did not help or improve anything
it just didn't do it for me
other that that i can't see myself giving it another chance
don't let my review discourage you like i said it's me
did not notice any differences in my skin after using a whole jar
just what you would expect after using a mask
i did not find it irritating
sadly it didn't do anything for my skin
don't really know whether i like or not because i never use mask or cleansing products on my face
does what it says it should do
i don't break out
i didn't realize how small the jar was when i ordered it
i really didn't see a difference in skin
i didn't really see much difference when used as a mask for my skin
i didn't find it effective.
but it didn't do anything positive for my skin.
i didn't pay attention to the size.
it didn't do anything for my acne
i didn't even really want that though.
that's not what i got
didn't notice a big difference
it didn't really have that glow that i can get with almost any other mask
i don't know what all the hype is about.
not sure what the hype is all about
it doesn't really do much for me
i can't really move my skin which is something no one else ever mentioned in their reviews
not anymore so than it does with the products i use for a fraction of the cost
does not not feel greasy at all when applied
it just isn't something you want to smell all day
this just didn't work for me
i did not like this moisturizer at all.
it didn't feel like it fully absorbed into my skin
my skin looks exactly the same
i can't recommend since i haven't noticed any results
i would not recommend this product
it didn't suit me
i don't know if it's because of the texture of the product or something else
am thinking i will throw the rest of it away because i don't want to make my skin worse
which i did not like
i didn't see a big difference.
t did not leave my skin nice
let me tell you it is not worth it
or something like that
for what it is
i didn't want to be that person that uses most of a product
i did love the smell however
i suppose that's something?
i didn't even finish this bottle
which i am just not ok with for a cleanser
i did not find this helpful
i will not buy this product anymore
this cleanser didn't cause me any trouble.
it doesn't have enough power to take off my makeup
it didn't really do much else
which didn't make the product last very long
i didn't find that this really did anything beneficial for my skin
first of all let me say i ordered the wrong product
i figured i might as well try this out though.
make me break out it just dont work like they say it is
i couldn't believe it
but it does not treat it.
which i am not
this just isn't it for me
that said, i don't dislike this product.
i didn't break out
don't get the hype, it doesn't do anything.
i just put it on and i cannot believe the smell.
i can't get past it
i am trying not to be a wuss
i mean this is on my face
i would tolerate any scent if it meant i had good results"
nothing else about it worked
i did not notice anything really
it's just not working out
ntense that i can't leave it on
so whenever i put this on i felt like it's something old people use :-/anyway
i wanted to like this
probably wouldn't buy it anyway
not something i want on my face.
i didn't notice a clear difference before
cannot tell you if it works because it smells so bad
i am better off not using anything at all.
i couldn't get it off my face quick enough
that i don't want anyone to waste their money on it
however i could not getpast the horrible scent
i noticed that somedays it didn't seem to work as well
not sure if this does anything.
it did nothing for me.
does not do what it advertises
not sure if i am seeing a difference with this product or not
the only thing it did was cooling.
didn't work for dark circles
it also doesn't seem to work as well for me.
this might work for you
i didn't see much of a difference
they say instant results..no way!
not only did it not help my under-eye bags
i would not recommend this product to anyone
these do not help at all waste of money
it didn't actually do anything
i didnt do miracles for me
i hate how people have the tendancy to miss-name there under eye conditions
it is not going to work
unfortunately did not work for me regarding depuffing my under eye bags
still did not work to depuff
it also didn't do anything astounding to justify the price
i do not know if it makes any difference with puffiness
i don't think so.
i can't say i dislike it
i don't like it either
this product does exacly what its suppose to do
i didn't notice any difference/improvement
i should just stick to what i know
that's just my opinion
doesn't do anything groundbreaking to warrant the price tag
it doesn't make me break out
can't say either way whether i noticed a difference in my skin
that's not to say that it doesn't work well
tried it didn't like it.
not the right product for me
it's not fun anymore buying online
it didn't work for me at all
that did not happen
not sure about the hype.
i really can't tell any difference.
it does nothing else
nice but didn't do anything too noticeable.
yet not doing much for my skin except causing breakouts
probably not for breakout prone skin.
did not like this product.
needless to say this was a huge mistake
there is no way to hide these either.
either my skin doesn't like oil period or i just didn't pick the right one
seems like it works for some, but not for me.
i will say that it doesnt just sit on the skin
i don't know why i never break out when i use products on my face
i do like how this felt on my face i couldn't believe how i could have oil on my face with out having a feeling there is oil on my face
this product did not work well for me- i did not see a difference over a period of time
i didn't expect resolution overnight
i hope it works for you.
i find as though the product does nothing.
it didn't work at all
i would not recommend ppl who are still young
i couldn't find out why until i stopped using this
this product did nothing to help with the texture
i expect it to work.
thought this product will do something
this product did nothing for me.
it did not let up for weeks
i think this works for many people
bought it for the hype - did not work for me.
my skin did not react to this well.
unfortunately it didn't work for me
unfortunately it did nothing for me
that was not the case.
everyone raves about it but i can't!
which would be fine if it did amazing things
did almost nothing for my skin.
didn't want to have to pay this regularly if i didn't have to
can't say much about anti aging benefits since i am only 21
i don't think it's doing anything skin care wise
didn't see any of the results i was hoping for
it also didn't seem to do anything
it might be an ok product
i decided to use it since i dont want to have wrinkles
doesn't really do anything for my skin
i don't see any difference with my skin of how my makeup looks after i use it
my pores like exactly the same.
honestly i have no complains about it
i don't know if this specifically was causing the black heads
i realized that this did nothing.
i figured i would try this out
my skin did not necessarily feel softer or more hydrated either
it did not break me out though
i do love the smell though
i dont even want to use it anymore
i still dont like it
i dont understand how people like this..
this one didn't work for me
didn't like what it did for my skin.
this didn't work for me.
i did not like this one
to say this made no difference
you don't need much at all
i notice no difference but use it anyway.
will be switching to something else.
why i'm still trying this product
unfortunately this did not work for me
will pass this product to someone else.
it really doesn't do anything.
i don't need it for that
dumb move because it's way over priced there
i honestly can't tell if this has done anything for my dark circles
needless to say this is a no for me
it goes on nicely but didn't do much for me.
it did not work for me at all
this one didn't quite do everything it claims
i can't really say this did anything special
i didn't have any problems with burning like some people said they did
i wouldn't call this a miracle product
i cannot honestly say that i have noticed any big improvements
if i could give this no stars, i would.
not sure who would want this all around their eye?
it didn't work on me.
i do think it works
i would give it a thumbs up just dont be lazy on your skin care maybe thats why results are not great
i don't know why
what's the point if it doesn't make my fine lines appear less obvious?
wouldnt repurchase it nor recommend it to someone with dry eyes like myself
for the price i'd rather try something else.
i didn't see a difference in my eyes
it did nothing for my acne
it didn't make it worse or irritate it
i just had to because i would recommend this product to anyone who struggles with acne
that's seriously all you need.
this was not it.
my money somewhere else
i did not like this cream at all.
honestly $60 for this is kind of ridiculous
i just couldn't do it anymore
that's because i actually don't like it for my face
i don't get it.
i didn't notice a change
i can't describe it exactly
i can't comment on the effectiveness of the product because i only had it for 2-3 weeks
i suggest getting a sample if you're interested to make sure it's not too strong for you
it doesn't agree with my skin
luckily it was only a sample since this product doesn't agree with my skin
i don't like how it goes on.
this did not irritate it at all
am not a fan at all
this is not one of them
would not recommend this.
unfortunately it doesn't remouve well my makeup
not sure if it's just me
or you can be like me
not a bad product by any means
it does not removes it all
that i actually love
it didnt really do anything either
not a product that does anything
i can't say it was this for sure
this simply does not remove well at all
it didn't make me break out
i do not get it with this product
i did not use it for very long
it's the only product that has ever done this to me
it doesn't do much of a job unless you apply several times
i can't say how well it would do removing eye makeup
if you buy the dollar cotton rounds maybe it's not a big deal
picture shows a pump which i didn't get.
either my eyes or the formula; not sure which.
i did not like this product at all!
the smell is nothing i'm crazy about either
i definitely won't be using it anymore.
it definitely doesn't remove it all
i see this working for someone who doesn't use much makeup
so not all products work for me
f you've ever had a problem with anything like that this product isn't for you
unfortunately it didn't work for me.
it did not work as well as she said it would
i also didn't like the smell
don't know exactly how to describe it
it wasn't say it is anything i would classify as smelling good
it is not a bad product
i think if you have the money
want to try this mask
if you're hesitating because of the price
i couldn't stand having it on my face.
that i didn't feel that the mask was doing much to my skin
invest your money in something else.
not really what i wanted for the price.
sadly didn't do "enough" for the cost
i don't know if i just got a bad one
the smell just makes me want to through do not recommend
it does what it says it does - moisturizer.
decided it wasn't for me
over time i realized it didn't seem to actually penetrate the surface
my only gripe is i wish it did more than just moisture
i tried to like this
it's just not meant to be
it's not for me.
it's not awful, it's just not amazing either.
would not recommend to anyone.
this film did not go away
the smell is what did it for me
its hard to describe honestly.
which i don't mind
something that i don't like about it is that i think it broke me out
i wouldn't even finish the bottle because this product did not like my skin
i did not use the product long enough
i unfortunately didn't notice any differences after using it
i felt like my dark circles didn't change
it didn't hydrate as well as i wanted
will be trying something else!
which this did nothing for
though it is not a bad product i would not recommend it to anyone
i don't see one at all
it may just be that it doesn't have enough moisturizers in it?
i should have done so.
not bad but not sure about its benefits.
it does not work at all.
would probably repurchase this one if i don't find anything better
this just wasn't enough moisture for me
couldn't really returned it if i wanted to
it just doesn't work anymore?
it did not helped
not sure if i could since 50% of the bottle is gone
i just feel like it doesn't work at all
this just doesn't do it
i guess i will still have to wait
i didn't know what was causing it
i found that this does not give me enough moisture
it's not the product for you
someone comments about the smell i think they're just complaining
this just was not for me
i could not get past the smell.
this was not it
i don't like this line
the product did not work well for me
doesn't do much else on its own
not just that go to all in one product
this was not for me.
unfortunately it didn't do anything amazing for my skin
i actually like the smell
it didn't cause me to break out either.
didn't work at all for me
it just didn't work for me
as did philosophy's hope in a jar
it's been days of not using it
i really do wish i could use it
didn't like the consistency
i didn't notice any such effect
i would have given 4 stars if it wasn't for the scent
but it doesn't do much else either.
please do not apply to your face
i just dont think its for me.
00 on something else for sure
i normally do not get breakouts these days
don't know if it's just me
it's not a bad product
does the job okay
not in a bad way
not what i would use pre-makeup.
it did nothing for my skin.
i don't know why i am so different than everyone else
this product did not help or seem to prevent acne
then when i read the reviews i was scared to get it bc of how everyone was saying how badly it stung when put on your face
don't know if it works yet
there's nothing on the box saying there is a "10 day purge"
it didn't seem to work very well
unfortunately i didn't see improvement in my skin
i didn't see any improvement
these did indeed sting.
this didn't really help with that.
i would not recommend this product at all.
this didn't do anything for me except break me out even more
i do not recommend.
believe they did help both clear up acne
it did not work for me.
these pads didn't work so well for me.
i didn't notice too much acne reduction.
may work for some but did not work for me.
for me it just didn't quite make the difference i was hoping for
it doesn't perform like it says it will
i am going to do that
kind of dirty--all things that i could live with if the product did what it claimed
even if you've let it sit for a while
i don't think i've ever had a product that was so clearly at fault
sorry, i can only blame this!
someone else can buy this for you
if you buy this for yourself
you will feel obligated to use it every night
don't think i would purchase this for myself
this is not for me.
to be honest i prefer it
just did not like the consistency
i don't know how to describe the smell
it worked about as well as anything else i have tried
i could not get past the smell
let's get it out of the way that this is nothing so special that will justify such a price tag
i plan on using up what i did
this product did not do much for my skin.
did not see any results
i wish they would sub something else like coconut oil or anything cruelty free
don't see how others enjoy this product.
i feel obligated to share what a terrible breakout this eve lom cleanser caused me so that similar people with sensitive or acne-prone skin do not suffer the same issues
i just think it's more of a missed opportunity than anything else
in case anyone is wondering
it is not a miracle product for me
the one thing it is suppose to do it doesn't
i would not recommend this mask to anyone
didn't pay money for it
because of the how it smell i decide to not use it
i like this for what it is.
did not take off any of my makeup.
i think i would like it otherwise
no matter what time of the day i could never get used to the scent
i can't get beyond this
this would work wonders for you
just not for me
not sure what to say about it.
felt this didn't do much for me
it does not smell of cloves as someone else stated
this product is probably not for you
this did not do anything for my skin
i don't think i would ever spend up to $20 on a morning cleanser like this
now i don't like it.
which may be the reason it didn't work for me because i am sensitive to fragrance
i think there is something wrong with the pump
i don't think the product was right for my skin type
don't get me wrong
it doesn't matter though
i didn't notice any difference
i don't know about this stuff.
i didn't feel like i got my money's worth at all
did not "jive" with my makeup
i definitely don't recommend this product to anyone
that did not help either
do i need to say more?
i do not have wrinkles.
which i wouldn't mind
anything that's going to make my eyes look worse is not going to be used again
i did not find that it stung.
did not fit the bill
i can't comment on it's effectiveness
because i didn't keep using it because the texture turned me off
i can't put anything on top.
this eye cream didn't work for me
couldn't find any way to make it work
makeup does not lay well over it.
not only did this product not reduce the appearance of my dark spots
i didn't get a chance to see if it worked since it caused such a bad allergic reaction
it doesn't do anything for dark spots
it simply does not do what it is advertised to do
it didn't have any effect on dark spots
it just did nothing at all
didn't notice any change in my skin tone
not only did i not see a difference
it's certainly not work almost a hundred dollars.
just didn't expect that it would in fact create new ones
it didn't do anything for my skin
it didn't work for me.
i don't think i'll be able to get rid of those spots without ipl or something
i don't believe this corrector is capable of doing what lancome says it can do
this particular product did nothing for me
didn't seem to correct dark spots
i obviously can't wear this out
do not waste your money on this
the dark spot correcting did not happen
did not see results i was seeking.
she said may ruin product
the dream tone not only doesn't seem to do anything
this overpriced product definitely does not deliver on any claims
what they do for the skin
i didn't see any improvements in these areas
don't know how much was left
it did not correct any dark spots
nor did it seem to do anything else at all.
another i can't remember
i don't notice much of a difference
i've tried other products that also didn't do anything
i can't tell how much product is actually left because of this
can't really tell a difference once it's applied to skin though
which i do not usually get
if you are thinking about buying this
i would recommend that you do the same
because this product is not cheap.
it did break me out
i figured i would try it anyways
just another hype product that was a waste of my time
i guess i'm the only one that thinks this product doesn't do anything
i don't get it.
didn't help the little acne i have i couldn't tell about fine lines or anything like that since i don't have any yet
i can not deal with the smell
i don't know what to add.
unfortunately i did not like this product.
i guess it's a good thing that it does not wash off easily
while i haven't actually tried the product
it didn't smell like this
i am generally not one to complain about the smell of a product
i seriously could not get past the smell
my skin didn't look any better after using it
i really haven't seen any difference in this product than any other night creme
i did not see any difference in my skin.
i don't tolerate retinols well
it didn't do what it claimed to do.
since you put it on at night you really don't notice it
it wasn't for me, personally.
not sure what it smells like
i don't like it
i like it, but not so crazy about the smell.
i actually prefer it to this one
wasn't too sure what i would think of this product
i would have to wash my face twice as it just did not feel or look clean
this product wasn't for me.
i guess this is what i get for trying out new things lol
it doesn't even qualify as a "mask" that you'd leave on for 10 minutes
t didn't do much on me
however when i use the mask i don't notice any difference
i do not ever get pimples
which i don't have anymore
probably going to stick to what i have.
i didn't notice any real difference after washing it off
unfortunately for me it wasnt
the exact same thing happened
it's not that effective
this mask wasn't necessarily bad
it didn't break me out
can do the same thing if not better
i found this did nothing for me.
my skin didn't improve
product did not do much for me after several attempts
my overall opinion is that it didn't really do much
at least for me i didn't notice a change at all in my skin
didn't make my skin worse though.
would definitely not suggest paying for this.
or irritated enough to appreciate whatever virtues this mask might have
whatever that is supposed to be
can't believe it because this is a 45 dollar mask
if you're looking into this
this did nothing for my skin.
i didn't really notice anything different
don't expect any results after using it
it doesn't seem to do anything
regretted that decision because this mask didn't yield any results
no miracle results here.
i don't get it.
it has done neither.
it didn't really do that much
i didn't really feel like this product did anything
probably just not right for my skin type
this cleanser did nothing for me
i am sorry but this isn't my thing.
i don't see any difference in my skin with this
i cnanot knock it since it was not meant for my skin type
i did not get the same results as others
however i'm not sure if it's really doing anything other than satisfying my nose
it really did not do much for me.
sorry to say i did have to return it.
i like sephora's return policy because there's no risk on an expensive product if it doesn't work out
i don't like it on my face
so this isn't an issue for me
do not be fooled!
does't mean that it really is meant for sensitive skin
doesn't break me out
my makeup did not go well over it
it didn't make me break out at all
it just didn't help
i did not have the same experience.
the oilds did on absorbe on my skin well
it is impossible to use only that much
i couldn't wait to try this.
while i didn't see any changes in firmness
it doesn't feel like it really does anything.
a lot of the product is wasted because you can't get it out
the only issue is i do not use that much product
i think i can find another face product for me less
did not like the smell
but it didn't work for me.
or something in the product my skin didn't like
i just couldn't use it
however, i just didn't get the purpose of it.
it doesn't do it
really didn't see any difference between this
i can't really tell a difference
try something else on my face
didn't do any damage or break me out
i am here to report that it does nothing
does nothing at all for my skin.
it did not seem to hydrate
if it didn't break me out it would be an amazing product
i guess i'm in the minority here
wondering if i got a dud
i don't think it does anything for me at all
i really didn't like the scent.
i also didn't see any great results.
did not do anything for my fine lines
if i did not live so far from a sephora i would return it
i would not recommend it to anyone with similar skin as myself
not only did it not work
you don't know your low until it's gone because there's no way to see inside
i didn't notice a difference in my skin at all
do not waste your money if you have sensitive skin
good thing i didn't listen
i couldn't even believe it!
i still cant tell if it works.
i do not recommend this product to anyone.
however i couldnt get over the smell
not what i want to wash my face with every day
i then realized it's part of a system.
i don't know why.
first thing i noticed that it did not remove my makeup
didn't leave my skin feeling taught afterwords
you don't have to use much
it's not for me
this is has left me wondering what exactly have i been putting on my face for so long
i wonder if anyone has experienced this.
this product did not help me whatsoever in clearing any of my problems
couldn't do it anymore
it doesn't last that long
it did not brake me out which is a great.
i would say this is too rich
this just didn't work for me
i did not see any improvement in my skin
didn't help with my breakouts
i can't say if it has improved my skin's overall appearance
what does that tell you?
i couldn't figure out what it was
this one just isn't for me.
sorry but it's going back.
didn't notice any changes
this didn't perform for me.
i did not notice a difference in my skin
this product didn't "wow" me
if it didn't give such good results the awkward container alone would be enough to say no
i don't know how i'm going to fit it in my luggage when i travel
the good thing is that is does not cause breakouts
however i do not notice anything different
it doesn't bother me much
it did not happen
does it do everything it says?
we buy it hoping it's gonna be all that
which i do not have
i do not see any difference
i really do not see any difference
it looked like i hadn't used anything
i can't tell a difference in my eyes
i honestly can't believe how this product would get more than 1 star
i don't see it making a difference
t does not sink in quickly
i cannot tell you if it solves any problem areas
unfortunately this cream didn't do anything for me at all
i guess it just didn't work for my skin
the reason that i gave it one star is because it makes me cry
no matter how careful i try to be
just not sure it's doing anything
i can still see them unfortunately
see if that does the trick
thought i would splurge
not sure if it works
but unfortunately it was not.
i can tell you i see zero change in my "lines"
the expression lines didn't change one bit
i just couldn't rationalize spending it if the product didn't do what i needed it to
it does not seem to do much for my dark circles
i didn't like that .
does not fix anything
telling me it'll control
it doesn't last long
while this didn't cause me to break out it didn't do much else either
i guess it does its job
this cream was sure to do the trick.... wrong.
it hasn't done anything special.
the actual product does not resemble the sample so do not let that fool you
it didn't make me break out or anything
so far i'm not noticing anything with my skin except breakouts
not something i want on my face.
have never had such a bad reaction with a product
unfortunately it didn't work for me
i hate hate hate the packaging of it- which is why i am going to return it
maybe it's just me...
does nothing as promised
i didn't care for this product.
nope, not going to keep doing that.
but this one just didn't give me what i wanted.
it just didn't work for me
i felt like it wasn't any different from something you could get at the drug store
i don't recommend it
however, it did not work well with my skin.
don't count on it alone
unfortunately it's not good for my skin
i don't recommend it if you are expecting it to remove all of your makeup
that never happens with my purity.
it was not so bad that i returned it
i don't really have problems with that in use
one i didn't want to like because it's quite pricey
i like it so much that i'd test in store to see if that really is the case
it didn't work me.
so that probably didn't help
it just didn't work on my skin.
it didn't seem to do anything.
this really did not remove makeup
ineffective that i can't recommend this to anyone
didn't have to waste my money
it just doesn't seem to do anything
cannot figure out for the life of me why anyone would ever use this
this honestly did not do anything for me.
i tried a few times to make sure it wasn't something else that was causing the irritation
it didn't give me any results that were better
it just didn't work out with this product
doesn't do much for my skin
i didn't love this, i didn't hate this.
i didn't fall in love
however i wanted something to just melt it all
i wish it wasn't so pricy
too bad, not a fan.
it just doesn't for me
maybe i'm not putting enough?
i guess it was because of the dimethicone in it?
i would not recommend this at all for anyone who is acne prone
i still can't decide if i like it or not
i don't really know if i like this.
it doesn't do anything bad
it doesn't give me amazing results either
this doesn't do it for me
while it did that
not to mention it broke me out!!
have to use this on nights i am not doing anything other than washing my face
i would even give this product a minus if i can.
i didn't like the feel at night
nor did i see any difference in the appearance of my skin
do not expect a mask
didn't see much a change in my skin
nothing i would want to smell regularly
not really something you'd need to use as a part of your routine
it didn't really st
certainly did not show any sign of diminishing fine lines
i do not know why
i mean the name says it all.
this creme did not work for me
it did not work for my combination skin type
please do not waste your money like i did!
this project didn't work for me
this literally didn't do anything
it did nothing for my dark circles
i can't say it works because i only used to 3 days
i don't know if i'm the only one that has this problem
there's nothing special about this
have not seen a change yet
when i started using something else
didn't do much for my very dark
i can't return it because it was too late!
i don't see that it does anything really.
it certainly didn't seem to have any anti-wrinkle properties
don't recommend this to anyone.
not sure if that is why it doesn't work
it just doesn't work what it claims
which would be nice if i didn't have dark circles
it didn't help with my circles at all
this product doesn't do what it promises
that seems to be about all that it does
it's probably all in my mind
if you're considering this
i did return this to the store because i could not justify the price
but it does't at all.
so far i do not see a difference
for the effects i did not get
i did not really see an improvement in circles or puffyness
it doesn't do anything
just not so sure about its dark circle treatment yet
certainly not enough for the cold in nyc
the same thing would happen
so did the breakouts
its not for me
the product does not stand up to it's hype.
i could not get past the smell
i do what i can to keep it that way
however it just didn't work
didn't like this product at all
it didn't do anything for me
i didn't notice any skin improvements
nothing happens to my face.
not sure if it's a bad sample
i didn't really see any change in my skin
was able to get 2 uses out of it which i don't think is enough time to see results as is intended
i don't know if they changed something?
so that's a big fail
this one was not for me
this one did not work for me.
i did not like the textue
did nothing for me skin
the product did not work well for my skin
at my age i do not expect a miracle out of a jar
please do not waste your hard earned money for this one
this one just wasn't for me
i do not think it had enough moisture for my skin
why do they need to add scent at all?
i can only say i didn't find anything special about this product
the smell that others refer to didn't really bother me
i probably won't be repurchasing because it does nothing extraordinary that a regular $40 face cream can't
i know it's not for me
it does not do anything to my skin
for me is that i simply have not seen any improvement in my skin
it just did not correct the issues i was looking to fix
t makes it seem as there is a lot of product in it
i don't think i have seen the results claimed yet
you would think i would see some type of difference with a "genius" cream that costs $110
im just unsure if my skin is actually getting any benefits or results out of this
it doesn't do anything
i didn't really notice a difference though.
when i took it off i didn't notice any difference
thought it would get everything out but didn't.
it doesn't do anything for my skin
did nothing for my skin.
but this product did nothing for my face.
it doesn't work at all.
result: didn't see much change on my face
i read what it was supposed to do
but it doesn't help a lot.
i didn't notice results right away
but wow does it hurt when you pull it off!
i can't say that it does either of those things for me
i will continue to use this product because it's entertining
doesn't do anything for my skin.
this product does not work for me.
i wasn't that crazy over it
can't comment on that
i don't hate it enough to return it
i hardly ever reach for it since it doesn't do anything for my skin anymore
i do not recommend it for the price
this product didn't do anything
did not make me break out more
i didn't notice a difference in either of those issues
it didn't give me any amazing results.
i didn't really like the texture either.
so you have to sit there
asked what mask they would recommend so they told me to get this one
it didn't feel any better than when i wash my face for the night
it didn't make a difference in oil production.
don't dislike but it's not a game changer for me.
i did not find this product to do anything for me
didn't seem to do much for my skin.
i just wish that it wasn't so difficult to use
i honestly think i could get maybe 4 uses out of this bottle
don't see any difference after 2 bottle.
this did not change my mind
i honestly could not tell any difference in my skin
otherwise i wouldn't recommend it
i also didn't like the smell.
this just did not work for me
this does what it's supposed to!
if you like it for the ingredients specifically then that's another story though :
just didn't work for me
it's like i didn't do anything at all.
this didn't do it for me
there's nothing special about it
i blame my skin not the product.
my skin broke out terribly in places that did not even break out before
it did control my oil
otherwise not the best
didn't really enjoy this cleanser.
i didn't get any real results personally
this did nothing for it
didn't break me out
this is exactly what the woman told me to use
i received this in my play box, and it's okay.
doesn't seem to do anything
i can't return it now
i didn't get the result that i wanted/expected
i cant return it anymore because sephora wont let me
it's going back although it did look like it would brighten
i honestly have not seen any improvement on my face at all
this product is not enough to help with winter skin
it seemed like exactly what i wanted.
i cannot speak to it's effectiveness
aside from the fact that i didn't see any difference after the 7 days
i just am not much of a fan
it's ok but not for the price.
smell is whatever it doesn't bother me.
just in case you didn't like the smell...
i didn't see a huge difference in my skin after a month of use
doesn't do anything for lines
i don't think i'll repurchase because of my reaction to it
does not stay well on the skin
not cheap enough to keep
did not seem to do anything.
for the price point i'd expect something amazing to happen
t does feel like it is doing something
unfortunately the amount to me did not live up to the price
save your dollars until u want to really really splurge
i didn't see much results on the eye cream
as it doesn't make any difference for me2
didn't do anything for dark under the eyes5.
it didn't work at all
i would definitely not recommend.
i can buy a cream that is not $100 that could do the same
if anyone else is in the bathroom i make them smell it too
so sad that it didn't work for me.
it didn't do much for me
i didn't have them to begin with
then i found it didn't really give me the hydration i was used to
not for my age or skin type.
can't say much for its effects
this stuff does not work at all.
since i can't get past that problem i can't see any benefits from using it
so, for the price i couldn't see keeping it.
this product did none of those things it claimed
it's probably a good buy
i can't really justify the $85 price tag
could not even try because they burned so badly
then i was dumb
i did not feel any cooling sensation
i cannot imagine paying the price for this product even if it didn't burn as it did
you only need a touch
it did not work.
it just didn't work for me
it doesn't change anything
didn't do much for my undereye lines
don't really know if this product works or not because as soon as i try to apply it
it's not a necessity for me
i could do without it
i don't know what the issue is here.
i just didn't like how this milk cream applied on my face
i did not see or feel any changes on my face
it didn't help my face look
my first ever josie maran product i do not like.
this product just didn't do anything on my face.
it didn't really go away for a long time
did nothing for my patches
this just won't do
it's not for me
didn't fade over time
this is not a product that i must have
still didn't feel i could disperse enough to reach all areas of my face
think it's the company's error
i didn't want to use any cream on
maybe not for others so before you make a purchase remember get the sample
unfortunately, this did not absorb for me at all.
this product would not soak into my skin like they claim it does
all it does is sit on my skin
which doesn't particularly bother me
the fact is the sample doesn't have anything with the real product
all it did was make my h
it didn't really do anything extra or special to my skin
if it didn't smell so weird i might re-purchase it
i just can't like it
it didn't seem to have much of an effect either.
you don't get a lot for the price
it didn't cause any trouble nor did it improve my skin
it didn't perform as well as i'd hoped
just can't justify the price when there are so many other ones out there for less
didn't like it at and i wanted to like it.
didn't like it enough to try it again
for some reason i couldn't get passed the smell
this product is not for me
this is not hydrating on its own it did nothing.
did not like this.
honestly not in the way i expected considering the price
wish i could say something better!
you'd think it'd be fair to assume the product would do you well
would not recommend to anyone!
i think id be able to get over that if it werent for the fact that i dont feel hydrated afterwards
do not buy if you cannot st
i didn't notice any change to my complexion
you can't even tell you're wearing anything.
some people may like that
i didn't feel like anything was "happening
if not, you're not really missing out.
i couldn't believe the product did that to me.
found this one doesn't do much
the only thing i really dont like is the price
i do not like any of them
i am just not sure if i see any anti aging benefits or if my skin looks any better
unfortunately, i won't be using them.
apparently im the only one who thinks that
i still need to use something else for my eyes
not on my face
you name it this stuff just would not sink it.
would have if it did what it claimed to do
i do not like this.
maybe it just does not agree with some of our faces
which you are supposed to do after swimming etc
if you just wanted an eye cream that happens to have spf in it
maybe on others it will be ok.
but not on me.
do not go near the eyes
but i don't feel like it does anything for me.
didn't take makeup off
i don't recommend it
if i use something else for that then it's fine.
it didn't even work
does what it says
i don't know if i'll repurchase it
this oil did not do a great job removing my makeup
it does the same thing.
i did love the pump
it didn't do anything fancy
did the exact same thing everytime
didn't fully take off all my makeup.
so this just isn't for me
i don't think there's actually any oil in this product
it didn't break me out
wish i had known you could return opened products if you don't like it
also, do not get this in your eyes!!!
it was sort of a let down for me
did not clear my eye makeup
i definitely do not recommend it.
i don't know why it took me this long to realize its this stuff
i didn't notice a difference
it just didn't work for me
i do regret buying this
i hate to say anything bad about anything from nars
but this product is just so bad that i had to.
not that it mattered
this product does an okay job for some lines
did not help makeup stay on
don't have too many flaws to cover you might like this
i don't see any changes
i can't stand it.
then its like i did not prime anything
this just did not work for me
it didn't matify my face neither
but it just was not the case.
one case of it working doesn't mean it was going to work for me
my makeup didn't last as long as i would've liked
i did not notice any difference in the way the concealer looked or how long it lasted
i can do this with other makeup that i have
i didn't want to waste that much money for it to not do what i wanted
the price tag doesn't match what you get.
it works ok, but i can't see it lasting long.
i guess i just had high expectations.
don't expect a lot of product
not only is there barely any product for the money
applied it to my undereye area it didn't go so well
that's how much i own
it didn't feel like it left anything on my face
i wish someone on here had given a better review as to why this product did not work out for them
it didn't really do what it stated it would
the effect of what it's meant to do
foundation doesn't stay well over this product
i really won't because i didn't see any difference
for what you get
i didn't notice any blurring or anything that would make this something i have to buy again
i did not see the blurring results it promised
not if it means fake
it weirded me out so much that i will never use this again
did they change the product?
i so wanted to love this but i don't.
why is there a scent in it?
didn't really do anything for me.
this is not a bad primer.
i did not notice any sort of "blur"
1-minute blur did nothing for me personally.
it didn't appear to make any difference
i am not saying this is a bad product
on top of the price you don't get a lot of it either
in my opinion a little does not go a long way when applying
this however, did nothing.
i never return anything.
the product is okay but not for me.
there products have been a key reason of why i have "dared to go bare"
i don't know what i was expecting
i am sadly going to return it because i do see a need for something like this
i do believe that you can only see real result after months of application
in this case i don't see much
otherwise i don't recommend it
this product is not moisturing at all
it's not as heavy as i hoped
it's half way gone
it isn't for me
this is not it
not bad enough to return
you need a lot of product to get any results.
let's just talk about what the product claims to do
i'll tell you if i agree
i personally did not like it
i did not think the smell was as bad as other reviews mentioned
it just didn't work out
i would not recommend this product at all.
don't know how to describe it
it didn't do any harm
i did not like the fragrance of this
i didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary
my skin didn't react well to this one
you don't need a lot of the product
i didn't notice anything special about this.
i would definitely not use this lotion at night as it's not rich enough
it didn't even help with that
i do not know of it even works?
i don't see a difference in my skin.
it didn't do anything for me.
i've never gotten around to trying those
i really think that one did same or even better job
would not recommend it.
i couldn't justify keeping this for $75.00.
want to know how i figured this out?
this did nothing for me
sorry, not for me
this is just ridiculous
after trying it a few times i did not feel like it was worth the money
not much really happened
not a fan of perricone at all
each time i didn't see anything special
this didn't really do much
sad it didn't work for me and had to return.
i didn't see any changes with dark spots
didn't work for me :(
unfortunately it did not work for my dark circles
i think this is one of those products that didn't happen to work out for me
i feel that it would be wrong for me not to share
highly suggest you try something else.
doesn't really perform all that well, either.
i can't get the rest out
could be i got a bad bottle or could be i developed a skin reaction
unfortunately i was quite wrong.
i really wasn't sure what to expect.
i don't expect miracles that only procedures can give you
it's ok, but nothing special.
you want a product to work, therefore it does.
i do not see any difference
i do not recommend it.
didn't do anything to my skin
this just can't follow through on its claims
i couldn't get it to sit still on my face
i almost didn't return it
first let me say that i love fab.
idk if it doesn't go well with my $$$ eye cream or what
i really wanted to get the same results as the rep did
wouldn't recommend for anything
maybe i'm doing something wrong or don't rub it in long enough
it unfortunately did not live up to my expectations
this isn't the kind of product that you need to wait for results
it's worth a try since it can easily be returned if you don't like the results
so use way less than you'd think you need
it didn't wow me
i just didn't see any real difference between using it
bought this product because of what it claim it could do
didn't cover anything or made my under eye area look brighter
this did not work for me whatsoever!
it's tinted so you could see it if i was not wearing any make up
did not like this at all
this product doesn't do anything that it claims.
this did not do the trick for me
i didn't like this at all.
i just don't know if it's actually working, lol
did not cover dark circles
im not so sure about this product.
this product doesn't do either of those jobs properly
this just wasn't that different
i don't really like it when companies do that.
what it claims to do
otherwise not much else
i am not even sure if this is expired or what it just horrible consistency
because it was in a box set can't do much about it because i like the other items in it
not sure why this mask gets such raving reviews.
i wouldn't even give this product one star
didn't really feel the need to use it that often
if you use just a little bit of it you won't see any results
i don't think it helps much.
i mean maybe if i used it every night
it doesn't announce it
it did not deliver on either counts
while i find nothing wrong with this mask in particular
that's about all it does
this is easy to do with no fall out
i can honestly say that i haven't seen a"h-mazing " results
see if that makes any difference
so far i would say it's alright
for the price i just didn't notice it did enough for my dry
i honestly don't notice more hydration when i use this product
i don't know why
while it's doing no harm
it doesn't really do anything when used alone.
give two stars because it didn't cause any damage to my skin
not knowing how many drops to come out
doesn't seem to do much
didn't ruin my skin, didn't help either.
i suppose i would have liked it if it was $30
there were a few things i didn't like about this product
this cream like product didn't work for me
the pump does not work
i did not enjoy this cleanser.
it didn't breakdown the make up.
not really a must i can do without
i wanted to love this...but just didn't.
this just wasn't anything special
so what's the point?
after going through most of the container i am sad to say that i don't think this does anything
it didn't do anything that a store br
i didn't even feel it on because i followed the instructions--you use a tiny amount for the night
i do not recommend it
it's a pity to spend $45 on a cream that does nothing
i can't be bothered to go
it doesn't really have clear instructions
i really wish i'd never bought it
i could never sleep with it in like many people do
i did not notice any difference after a couple of uses
i guess it's because it tries to tighten my skin
this did nothing to my skin
i tried this mask twice just to make sure i wasn't crazy
does not break me out
it did nothing for me
i didn't notice any change in my skin
didn't notice a different feeling on my skin
didn't see any changes
i think when you purchase a mask
maybe i didn't give it a chance
for me, it did the opposite of what it says.
it did the opposite of what it's supposed to do.
you'll know what i'm talking about
it didn't do a thing for my skin
if my skin would not have reacted the way it did i would most definitely keep using this product
for maybe two days if anything
i could not figure out which of my products was to blame
after a few days of not using it anymore
it also didn't really do anything
i didn't really observe that even after 2-3 uses
sales reps have absolutely no clue what they are talking about
love what roses can do for the skin
anyway i remembered the face wash.
so my star reduction did not reflect this
you still can't get less
i didn't notice many benefits from it
it's probably something you have to take your time with
i just want something effective that's not super harsh
this did none of what it promised.
it's not an ingredient i've had issues with before
i would not recommend this product.
this just did not work out for me
now i don't trust anything she says
nowhere does it say anything about what this product will actually do
so what could go wrong
it isn't like what you would expect.
but it did nothing for me
so it can happen to anyone!
it did nothing but tighten my face.
i would not recommend this even to the oilest person
i would love to try that.
i can't say that it did much for my skin
i didn't feel that this firming mask did anything
i can say that it did not irritate my skin
do not get me wrong
nothing could fix it.
in the end didn't matter
i don't need the crazy coverage of a foundation
then as i keep using it i just don't like it anymore
i would say it's more of a medium.
my skin is not bad at all
unfortunately i didn't like it
i felt that it did nothing
although it didn't work for me
it can work for someone else
i won't buy it again though because it's to dark.
i didn't like it all that much
i did not like it at all
i do not need much coverage
just didn't work for me personally.
this was an impulse purchase that i really regret
did not deliver at all
it's like i haven't put anything on at all
i would not recommend this for anyone who is not in this category
that's the only reason why i returned it.
why am i putting this stuff on if it doesn't seem to make a difference?
this is yet another example of "just because it is expensive doesn't mean it's good
it's not a bad product, but it isn't the best.
it doesn't work with my skin anymore
i don't think i could spend $55 for an ounce of it
so maybe it is just not for me
i would not recommend this product to anyone
wow, not for me.
just anything-- i have never had a reaction like this before
why would anyone use this?
it really doesn't do what it's supposed to
i didn't expect it to turn my face red
i'd be afraid to use this
it'll probably burn you.
it's not something i wanted
i wouldn't mention this
i would not recommend this to anyone!
it did the same thing.
or else i wouldn't have used it
i just couldn't get myself to like it eveb after several tries
it also doesn't feel like it is on the face
ok maybe that's exaggerating
need to know what is in this
it did not agree with my skin
does not do much to any eye skin problems that sales person promised this cram will fix
i hate to say i can't wait until i am through this bottle
i don't know if it did anything for me.
did the exact opposite of what i wanted to happen
i liked that this product did not irritate my skin
however it did not work for my skin type
i don't think so
which i don't like
my skin was too tender for anything else
i do not like it
it didn't work for me
i don't think i should shack out 70$ for one product that made me break out
the cream did nothing for me.
i sadly can not recommend this high priced cream even if you wanted to splurge
other than that it didn't do much
don't let others fool you
i do not have wrinkles
this eye cream did nothing else for me
i just can't use it without my eyes crying.
'm not sure what it would look like if you put makeup over it
after using this consistently for about a month i really didn't notice any difference
before on the trip it wasn't that bad or good
i know what your thinking i used to much
now even though i don't use foundation or anything
decided to use this as a night eye routine since to me it doesn't work well with makeup of any sort
you won't have that experience-
just aren't paying enough attention
so- the irritation was my own fault, but still!
it did nothing for my dark circles
i honestly could not tell the difference
there's really nothing to say good or too bad about it
it didn't really give that wow effect that it claims
if you're gonna charge this much money for a product
it should do what it claims
figured i'd give this a shot despite the ridiculous cost
didn't really notice any difference
am trying something else now
i would say there was some effectiveness
i honestly haven't seen much of a difference.
i really do not recommend that to anyone
if i didn't then
there wasn't clear application informtation
it still did nothing
thought i would give these a try
honestly i wish i could have kept my money.
didn't really see a difference before or after using this mask
i did not see much of any results.
however i do not know if the strips made a difference
didn't have any results.
i recommend this if you want to splurge.
don't get me wrong it worked
i would not recommend this product.
not something i would recommendfor the price
it is not something i noticed any difference with so not something i would consider purchasing again
they did not pick up much or seemed to work properly to remove much
i don't have many
i wouldn't recommend it.
did not do anything for me at all
this did not work at all.
he said it didn't do a thing!
i cant say that i have too many blackhead.
so it didn't work for me at all.
not 100% sure i did it correctly
you can't really tell a difference
it literally didn't do a thing
i wanted to love it, but it was useless.
honestly i should have gotten my money back
didn't even want to go through the trouble
did nothing for me
dont waste your money on this one
did not work at all.
i guess there were supposed to be two strips.
i feel like these sheet masks are either something you're gonna love or hate
works exactly the same
so theres two steps
not a bad product but not an all the time thing.
i would avoid if you do.
unfortunately these didn't really work at all.
that didn't do anything either
not only was this not that, it was horrible!
not sure if i was doing it right.
did not pull anything out after 10 mins
this didn't so a thing for me
this literally did not do a thing!
it didn't do a thing.
this product did nothing special
except have a ridiculous price tag
i don't believe this one claims to help with dark circles
where it wasn't on my face
would not suggest this cream to anyone
cannot imagine paying $180 for this.
thought it was something else
can't justify $115 for half a product i'll never use
i didn't have to pay for this mask because someone gave it to me as a gift
i definitely don't recommend this mask because it doesn't work
i just want deal with the scent
all i can say is yikes.
that i don't really care for now that i've tried all of their masks
like it says it's going to
that really wasn't the case
i will be completely honest in saying i have never found a cream i wouldn't use due to fragrance- until this little gem found it's way into my life
unfortunately it seems to not do so much for me
i didn't notice that the product made any difference to my skin
for me this product didn't do much for my skin besides dry it out
not only did i pay a lot for this product
it did nothing for me
this one did nothing.
didn't see any difference in my skin whatsoever
truly don't understand why it's necessary.
this mask did nothing for my skin
i didn't notice any special afterwords
can't say i have noticed any changes at all
idk if it meant to do that
i do not see any real difference after using it
i didn't feel anything when i had the powermud mask on
i don't think it did much
didn't like the smell.
im not one to breakout: i rarely have acne
i do not know if it works on certain a skin types
i didn't see much of a result from this one
if anything, it broke me out some.
like others i did break out
did not break out at all
i couldn't even do it for 2 minutes
i beleive this mask will work depending on how you use it
i wish i can get over the smell but i can't.
this one just didn't live up to what it promise
i didn't like this product much.
while it didn't make me break out
it also didn't brighten my skin as i wanted
as well as it didn't change my skin texture as i wanted
i honestly can't tell if it's making a difference
know i wasn't over doing it on one side
after only being able to use only one side i didn't feel that much of a difference on my skin
nothing would come out
exactly the same thing happened
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
this didn't deliver for me.
if it doesn't work
didn't do much for my fine lines, if anything.
it's a game i like to play when i use this at night
seems okay for what it's supposed to do
they tell you to use it at night.
the real reason is that there's no way you could ever use this in the morning
it would not play well with anything
ugh i wanted to like this so bad
im 25 with not many fine lines under my eyes
even when it does
didn't work for me.
why oh why did they go to this smaller version
don't like it either
it honestly does not absorb
doesn't seem to make a difference
i wasn't expecting this to do very much
i know it says it is supposed to firm
it is imposible to use it for the day cause you can not ware make up on it
i don't know if i can say i love this gel
while this product did not offend in scent
i guess that i was badly advised instead of this being a bad product
unfortunately it did nothing
the only reason i gave it two stars is because i did not experience any negative reactions to this product
didn't do what the label promised
honestly it's just a major fail for me
it doesn't even seem to work that well
i don't want it to go to waste
it did not help brightening.
it was hydrating i guess but i won't be buying.
don't know how it works for that
for my fine lines it didn't do a whole lot
i think it is the gel consistency that doesn't work for me
however i do not like that when i wake up
this i did not like.
what i didn't like was that i've put it on religiously for a month
honestly, i wouldn't buy it.
i didn't even really notice a difference in my under eye area at all
let alone enough to look past that
this one did not work for me personally
have not noticed any change what so ever
this product really didn't do much for me.
i guess its time to try something new.
if anyone recommends anything im all ears;)
i don't understand it.
i didn't realize that this product has oil in it
i gave it two stars because i didn't mind the foaminess of this product
1) didn't actually clean my face.
not a product for me
sadly cannot use this
it did not fade my dark spots at all.
d suggest it to anyone else that this didnt work for
there's a couple things i'm not a fan of
it's not a miracle worker so as much as i enjoyed it i didn't enjoy it thaaat much
only wish the scent was not so strong
i can't really speak to the effects of this cream
i certainly did not expect that type of reaction
i am unable to tolerate that much fragrance on my face
i didn't like how heavy
secondly, i can't get pass the smell.
sadly i will not be using this anymore
unfortunately it's going back to sephora
not to mention it doesn't even have any spf in it
since i only got a sample i don't think i will be able to say how good this truly is
i don't think i could even use it on my feet though
just doesn't go away
i did not mind the scent at all
i did not give it long enough to see how the anti aging benefits were
it burned so horribly that i can't imagine using this ever again
if it weren't for the burning i would love it
so while it did it's job
i know i would not purchase this because of the smell
that being said, i do not like the jar it is in.
you cant get to it
found out it didn't do much at all to 'correct' the age lines on my face
it looks like i haven't used anything on my face
i don't recommend this product:(
just not for me
they didn't lighten at all
needless to say i will be returning.
i didn't feel like it did anything else other then make my skin feel smooth
i don't see that kind of result
i can't see spending sooo much money on it
i didn't notice any changes in the 3 weeks i've used it plus i was using 4 pumps to even feel like i was getting coverage
i did not notice any difference in my fine lines while using this product
it really didn't do anything
one pump isn't enough for your whole face unless you have a particular small face
if i can't find a better product
does what it claims
used it for 5 months and it did not do anything.
i'll never find out if this is good or not
it's really costly for a product that doesn't even tell you what is in it or how it works
as for my skin, i wouldn't say it helped.
will not be using anymore.
i´m not sure i saw any effect on this one.
it just doesn't seem to be doing anything that great
it does not break me out so thanks for making it
just not this one
one thing i can say is that it is not oily.
it was not good not bad
this was a waste of my money so don't waste your money
did nothing for the spots
unfortunately for me, i had a rash.
yes it does the job
i guess i was expecting more for the price of this product
it does not get all of my makeup off
i would not buy this again because it did not do a good enough job for the price
s for many years just because it's just so convenient to take your make up off
it didn't really take my make up off completely
this one didn't really do that
i did not like it
it may just be my skin type
i would be careful not to get in my eyes
i would not recommend this at all.
i didn't feel it had much of a smell
i couldn't use this long enough to see results due to the smell
glad i did not buy it.
this really didn't seem to help at all with those
not only did this not work
normally, smells don't bother me - but this did.
this did nothing for my bags
i tried to put up with it because i really like it otherwise
i saw that it didn't do anything for the fine lines under my eyes neither
that makes it a no go for me.
would not sustain my skin alone
no miracles as yet!
didn't see the brightening effect i was hoping for
i wouldn't recommend this.
this product didn't do so much for me
i am not sure why they didn't go work a pump.
i lost a lot of product on the first use because i had no idea it's going to just pure out the tube
because that's the only thing it did successfully
this didn't happen my first two uses
this did nothing for my skin
although i will say this
it didn't turn red
though i would be okay
f you're not used to it i would be aware
i just didn't feel anything
the smell was bad, but i could deal with it.
can't explain how badly it smells
for that reason i couldn't imagine ever recommending this product
i say go for it
it does seem to deliver
i don't do that.
i didn't see much in the way of results
i didn't see any difference in my skin after using it
what i most disliked about this product was actually the smell
you don't want to have a bad reaction to it if you can avoid it
hope my baby doesn't come before we get them done
the smell honestly did bother me.
the results didn't impress me
didn't work out for me
maybe it will work for you.
i can't say i noticed too much of a difference
making it look "not bad"
i stopped using it simply because it's mediocre
it's not as good as it advertised.
after using the full bottle i really did not see a difference in my skin
i also didn't like adding another step to my skin routine
didn't see anything except being moisturising
i don't see any change on my skin neither
unsure what it's designed to do.
at least it does nothing bad for it either!
or more importantly i wanted to believe it did something for me
this product didn't do anything
so you don't need anything to help that process out
but it doesn't work for me.
doesn't seem to make anything look or feel better
i didn't notice any difference in my skin
definitely wont purchase it.
did nothing for me.
in my cheek area not sure if it's from this product
will keep trying this i don't see no blow or any change
just didn't see any results or effects
because it didn't work at all for me
this doesn't want to go well into my skin
i tried something else
it didn't work either
don't know if i like it or not
it did not do to much for me .
ii'm sure other people like it .just not for me
so i thought i would try this out.
otherwise i would pass it to my mom
i didn't realize it was the reason after i applied half of the bottle
i really don't want to take the advantage of sephora's return policy
this didn't really make any sort of change to my skin
it didn't break me out
it's nice but i just didn't see results.
just don't see any difference in my skin
i don't know how well it works because i can't get past the strong smell
i wouldn't recommend it- there are better ones out there
this didn't do anything for my rosacea.
i think you'd be waiting a good 30 minutes to put your makeup on
i did my homework
unfortunately it did not deliver
i don't mind paying for a product that does what it claims
this one was not for me
however it didn't do anything for redness for me.
this one didn't do that for me
can definitely say after using it for weeks that it does not reduce any redness nor does it smell good
do not plan on purchasing anything else from this line
this mask is ok, it doesn't break me out.
i didn't even try the product after realizing it wasn't
this just not doing it
the same thing he could not get it to lather or do anything
this one did nothing for myself or my husb
even if it did work great
which i couldn't tell after just one use
you can't use it alone
i simply hated it
i just could not get h
don't regret using it
no matter when i try it
just absolutely did not please my skin.
i would not recommend this to anyone only because for a cleanser to break me out it has to be bad
i can't tell if it has made a difference in my skin
does not remove make up.
it was not a good cleanser at all: did not remove my make up
i don't want to do that everyday
i did not like it.
i also did not care for the smell.
this just was not for me.
i tried to like this, i really did.
this just doesn't do what it's supposed to
thankfully this is the only one in the set that i did not like
i really did not like this product because it left a film on my face
i certainly do not think it's anything special.
it did not dissolve
it's not the best either
algenist needs to do something about the smell of this item
had no issue since i wasn't waering any makeup
what made it worse is it does not remove makeup as it claims it does
i really don't recommend this one
i don't know why this is the case
so glad i didn't have to pay for this.
can't see it does a thing.
i did not see any change in my eye area
i also did not notice any 'brightening" effect.
but i can't tell a difference at all.
glad i didn't buy this product
unfortunately it did not happen
i did not purchase for that reason
i asked why she said that
it was though i wasn't using any product at all
rritated the eyes themselves though i didn't get the cream too close to my actual eye
didn't break me out
that's why i'm giving it 3 stars.
its overall value isn't that great because it doesn't do what i would say it a major claim of the product
didn't see any results
they didn't improve at all
it doesn't seem to do much
the smell is strong, but that doesn't bother me.
i guess my biggest qualm is that i don't feel like it's doing much for my skin
just not for me.
figured this would help
it didn't make them worse
didn't seem like anything more than a moisturizer to me
it also didn't break me out
i do not recommend it at all
that being said there's no point to it.
this really didn't work for me.
unfortunately it didn't remove my makeup at all
i just don't love it.
i don't care for that
i don't know if they changed the formula or what
it's not working like it used to
it didn't use to do that
it did not remove my makeup
i prefer just about all of them to this
this stuff i just can't get into
i love this line, but this product wasn't for me.
this one does not do a good job
it did not remove all the makeup :
didn't care for this one at all
since i don't wear make-up it just isn't for me
it didn't feel gone
unfortunately it still didn't work for me.
i do not recommend.
the fact that it did a fair
if it does work
this really did not work for me.
thought i would like this
this stuff did not clean my face at all.
can't believe this product made it to market.
this product did not work for me
just not this one
" because it doesn't really do anything
just not my thing.
this was not it.
did not like this at all.
i wanted to love this, but sadly not.
no matter how hard i try to wash it off
i am returning this because it just doesn't work with my skin
it's quite honestly just embarrassing
i can't really blame the product too much
which makes me worry that this product may not be gentle enough for the eye area
did not see any difference
i did not see much results from it
unfortually it didn't work for me :
this just did nothing for me.
i honestly did not care for it.
i don't know but it didn't work for me.
i don't see obvious results as well.
not enough for me.
if anyone has a better suggestion, let me know.
it does not look smooth in any way
this product did not deliver that result for me.
the product itself is not bad
sadly this product did not anything for my face.
didn't seem to help my skin anyway.
i would expect to do it all
unfortunately this was not it.
i will preface by saying i did not purchase this product it was given to me as a gift
however i can't st
i wish i could give this more praise
guess for my skin type maybe just leave it on for at most 1 hour
i don't know why
guess if you don't mind having to clean your face in the morning then this would be good for you
this didn't live up to the hype i hear about it
it didn't really do much for me
im not sure if i like or not.
that is simply bc it does zero of what it claims.
might work for you, but did nothing for me.
it was a waste of money because my darkspots aren't gone
didn't really fade my dark spots not even the little ones
i would not recommend
the breakouts didn't stop
does not help with breakouts
this does not help at all
this didn't cleanser did not seem to clean my face well
like it enough not to return
then i guess my skin got use to it
i personally wont be buying this product
t surprised me that this was so overpowering i couldn't even use it
i personally did not see a difference in his skin
it doesn't work bad
it is not true
it's just doesn't do much at all
this just didn't work for me
you should not use this near or on your eyes
it did not work as expected for me.
did not remove all makeup.
really doesn't serve a true purpose
this product just did not "hit" with me
i just did not care for the feel of it on my skin
it does not do what it claims to do
this didn't do anything for them at all
if this doesn't do anything for very fine wrinkles there's no way it'll do anything for deeper lines
so it's going back.
maybe if i go to a sephora store
i did not notice a difference at all.
i don't know if it was these serums or another new product i was trying
i just didn't feel like it did anything.
as i just feel like it didn't do anything for me
i'd rather use anything else that gve me even slight results
reviews i didn't think i could go wrong
that is the only reason i didn't give this product 1 star
i really don't notice a difference
i don't like it
although i can't put my finger on what it reminds me of
this just does not cut it
this mask just doesn't work for me
it didn't live up to the hype for me
this didn't do anything to make them less noticeable
at least i didn't have a bad reaction to it
however i didn't see any other impact.
i did not notice a difference at all.
i don't know if it was these serums or another new product i was trying
it didn't seem to do anything for my skin or hurt it either
you are paying for something that does not work.
i didn't even see a little difference.
you never know how much
don't see any difference on my face or eye area
it didn't really do much for me
it didn't irritate nor improve my skin
i don't think i like it enough to buy it again
i couldn't tell if it was working or not.
it didn't do any of that.
you don't get enough product for how much you pay
i can't remember what it's called
i do not use this one every day
i like this though because it doesn't smell
i can't get a hold of them
this did not do that at all.
im still trying this
so thank goodness i didn't actually put any money towards this stuff
i would easily give it 5 stars if it didn't come in such a small bottle
i don't know if i like it enough to buy it again
i didn't buy this
which they are not
it doesn't necessarily mean that there's not enough hyaluronic acid
it doesn't mean you're going to like it
probably not just this br
i would have actually bought this if it did what it says
i keep checking to make sure it's meant for the face
this product doesn't exactly do that.
i just don't recommend using it everyday.
it's just not for me i guess.
wanted to love this but i didn't see any results.
don't waste your money ladies there's other better things out there
i don't know what i was thinking when k purchased this
wonder if it may have to do with the irritating effect of that
i can't wait to move on from this one
this product didn't do much for them
i wanted to love this item like many others.
some of the ingredients just didn't work well on my skin
not in this case
i didn't really see any benefits or positive effects on my skin
i don't have any wrinkles yet
i couldn't figure out why
don't know about lifting
half face to see if i could tell even the slightest bit of difference
i couldn't pass it
didn't like that feeling.
this just does not work.
did not see any difference
did not see any improvement either
i did not like it at all
i wouldn't even give it away
i didn't notice any changes in my skin.
do not see any difference at all
i didn't see much of a difference.
it did not irritate my skin
it did nothing to firm it either
it did nothing for me
i don't see where it's making a difference
all id did was sit on the skin
it also did nothing for hydration.
was like "what happened to your skin
i wish i hadn't waited so long
but it doesn't do what i'd like, either.
for some reason it isn't up
it didn't like this oil
guess i'll use it on my feet
i took it down one star because i personally do not like the jar
i do like the product though
unfortunately it did not work for me
this just didn't do anything for me
i still do not see any improvement
unfortunately it wasn't as quick
bet you can guess what happened next!
i don't want to finish the product
my skin did not react well with it
doesn't that defeat the purpose?
i don't like it.
i can't return it
sadly not a fan for the price point
i didn't find it did anything special for my skin in terms of making it look better
i'd rather pay for three products that do what they say they will than one which only half does
i didn't see any benefits on my face
two stars because it didn't make my face sting or anything
for what little it does, the price is outrageous.
not that it's a bad product
it's not the multi-tasker i hoped it would be
not cute, not cute at all!
would not recommend at all.
this one isn't for me
i didn't really notice anything different with my skin in the morning
it doesn't really help with anything
i guess it's not for every type of skin
what it was supposed to do bc it did nothing on my skin other than opening my pores
i wouldn't go that far.
know it's still there
i also found that i can't use this everyday
that wasn't a deal breaker for me
that being said, it did do something.
not sure if thats how it works.
i wouldn't say it's overwhelming
found that it just didn't seem the same
most of the time it just didn't seem like it didn't anything for me
my skin just didn't like something in this mask.
this one unfortunately didn't work out for me
doesn't work as well as you'd expect
it's okay but not life-changing.
i guess it's another example of sephora trying to create a new "niche" product
for now, it's not a purchase.
it didn't seem to do anything for my skin
i didn't see any difference at all
i honestly couldn't sleep with it on
i just don't see how you sleep with them on
just not for me
not a bad product...just not for me.
not sure what ingredient i reacted two
it just didn't work for me
when i went to return this the lady told me i wasn't using it properly
i really wanted this to work but it just didn't.
boy does it make me breakout
i wish i had good words to say
it's never happened with any other product
i didn't expect anything instantly as it suggests on the bottle
i did expect something over time
i didn't see any results with my fine lines
did not break me out
it did not work for me
i don't see any difference
did not seem to have the results that i had just using the sample
i couldn't tell the difference
didn't see any results
did not see any difference in skin.
certainly not like obvious "work"
it did not show a single result
it was not enough to know whether it was good or not
honestly there was no difference.
i didn't see any immediate improvement in my "11" lines or "crows feet" nor did i see any improvement over the month of use
i did not a cooling affect
it did nothing for me
but it's not a miracle worker.
not good since i have to wipe
didn't want it to go to waste
glad i didn't purchase!
this literally did nothing.
but, sadly, there was there.
wasn't smoother or anything.
i didn't notice a difference at all after using this for about 1
don't bother wasting your money on this one.
didn't see any results at all
this did not work
i don't see any changes
i would not recommend an $88 product that's
with as much as this cost i didn't want to wait
it didn't make me break out
just didn't help my fine lines
really haven't seen results yet
i don't know what i'm doing wrong or whether each
the rep that referred this product to me said that if i don't like it i can return it
what she didn't mention is that if the product is under half way full it can not be returned
it did nothing for me.
did nothing for her so she gave it to me
couldn't use it long enough to see whether or not it worked
it has done nothing that i can see.
everyone is different so you may like it, i don't
doesn't have the ridiculous price that this bogus product has
couldn't tell it did anything at all.
i would not recommend this product.
i can't say this item delivered for me as it claims it will
it did not cause me anything bad like breakouts or sensitivity or anything
not enough to pay $90 for it
i just didn't see any changes at all
when i read the description i did not think it was for me
did not want to try it right away
unfortunately this super sounding product did not do a thing
this product did not work all that well for me
i love the idea but it doesn't work.
it's been like that since day one.
i just did not feel satisfied with this product as i have used
it's not a miracle fix by any means
not only did the product not work
this is nothing like it
this products simply doesn't do what it promises.
it didn't do a thing
seriously, don't waste your money.
never bother to review them
what it promises to do is change the skin itself
lotions that don't overpromise or come with such a ridiculous pricetag
something that actually works
it wouldn't go away no matter what i used
i don't know what happened
i didn't find anything wonderful about this.
and i believe it did help with acne.
this product just didn't work for me
that's about all it did
it just didn't do anything for my skin
i would not recommend this product
this didn't exactly do much
thankfully i only bought the travel size or else i would not know what to do with so much of a product that does nothing for me
it did not do the job it said it would
don't have to deal with the pump anymore
it did not help clear my skin
i don't get this product at all.
i obviously did it wrong
couldn't get it to do what it's supposed to do
i wouldn't be bothered by this if there was another way to get the product out of the bottle w/o destroying the bottle
there's something about this product that just does not agree with my face
it's just not the right product for me.
i've got to say it's not a winner
the cleanser is good, don't get me wrong.
it does what it is supposed to do
i asked someone about this
i didn't notice a difference in my skin the week i used it
know its not just me
it honestly didn't do one thing positive for my skin
did not clear my acne at all
what i'm not a big fan of, however, is the smell.
this was not that for me
i will not buy it for the smell
it doesn't do as a good job as the lancome one
do not waste your time or money with this one.
does not "dissolve" anything
does not remove any of them.
this product did not do it for me.
it just doesn't really seem to do what i thought it would
i even use it with my clarisonic
i don't see much of a change
organic does not necessarily mean better.
i didn't this time
it does bother my eyes
time to try something else.
you know that you have it on
didn't last all day like i wanted
i did not enjoy this product.
i don't feel like it did much for my skin
i also don't think it did much for my pores.
this is not what my skin needs
although it was not greasy it did break out my skin
it doesn't break me out
would not repurchase this because it didn't help me
i wanted to like it
just really didn't do the trick
i didn't realize that it has aha in it
it's not that bad
i guess my skin texture changed because it just doesn't work for me anymore
i didn't see a difference in my skin though
i didn't want to spend a lot
i will say i do like this as a fast
i can't imagine how disappointing this would be for someone older with actual wrinkles
yet i still haven't seen the results it claims
did not see any improvements
i wasn't able to see long-term benefits because
i did not notice any changes in my dark circles
that being said...it's just nothing special.
i don't notice any true change in dark circles
i did not like this creme at all.
even if i could use it
i wish i did not spend my 100 points on this terrible eye creme sample
not have them burn
that's about the only good thing i have to say about it
which i don't expect an eye cream to do anything about
the smell didn't disapate at all
every time i do this
i applied it as directed but didn't work for me.
did not like this.
this product did not remove my makeup.
i just don't see a need for it
don't get me wrong
this doesn't take all of it off
it's not that i just didn't rinse it off enough
you know it has to be horrible if i had to be that person that returns a used item to sephora
i do not understand the good reviews.
wouldn't recommend it for anybody with this skin type
this product is way overpriced for what it does it didn't live to the expectations
unfortunately it's not for me
wasn't what i expected from a tatcha product
doesn't break me out
had to exchange it for something else
i didn't find any difference with my 20 bucks marula oil
for a couple weeks i didn't realize it was causing anything on my face
unfortunately it didn't work out for me.
trust me i wanted it to be.
as much as i didn't want to admit it could be de's marula oil
i dont know what is happening with my skin
i do not use a lot
see how it does
i didn't feel it was sinking into my skin
this oil didn't do it for me.
it didn't really do anything for my skin.
so that kind of bothered me
i didn't like it.
so far they all seem to disagree with my skin
don't stick it out like i did just because of the rave reviews
if should not be this hard
it did nothing for my skin
or at least not enough difference to justify $90
let down, but it was just not for me.
not sure how people are calling this the holy grail
i wanted to like it
there's no reason it should cost this much
don't ask me why
it seriously does nothing
no change in my skin what so ever
i love de but this just didn't do it for me.
other then that this just wasn't strong enough on my skin
this does not do that.
i personally didn't see a big difference at all in my skin after using it for a week
you would think at 12%
so they said this product would work wonders
does nothing for my skin
i would skip on buying this honestly
unfortunately this didn't do anything for my skin
it does an okay job of this
ever let touch my skin if i can help it
this isn't one of them
this just wasn't for me.
i just don't care for the bar format.
i just didn't care for it
the routine just did not work for my skin at all
i won't be purchasing full size bar @ $28 as i feel like there are lots of cleansers out there that are just as good if not better then this bar
which might explain why it feels stripping
i tried to like this
i don't know why people keep referring too this as soap
this just didn't cut it
wonder if my skin is reacting to it??
sadly did not work for me
i just don't get it.
this cleanser just didn't do it for me
t didn't see a difference in my skin's overall appearance
i will say that it did not dry out my skin
however i find that it's something i can only use maybe once a week
i don't know if i can use it on my face daily
it does not break me out
i didn't realize how sensitive my skin was until i used the de bars
my skin did not like this.
this wasn't for me.
i wanted to like this
probably will not use it everyday
sadly this soap did not work for me.
it does for me
i just couldn't tolerate the drying long enough to see any results
i dont see how someone could pay a dollar for this
i didn't realize any sephora employees work on commission
glad i didn't pay for this product.
or get a sample in store first to make sure the same doesn't happen to you
it's just inconvenient for me to do that
i gave it 2 stars as i realize it doesn't mean the product is bad
it just means it doesn't work with my chemistry.
so not into the smell
it didn't do much improvement on my skin
it just didn't do much for me
i did not have a bad reaction to it as some people do when it's contained in cosmetics
i wouldn't fall for it
i really did not like this cleanser.
it does not remive make-up well
however this did nothing to remove any make up for me
didn't think this would need to perform as much as maybe a cleansing oil since i double cleanse however this did nothing
unfortunately this did nothing
still not convincing enough to keep
i don't recommend this
don't get me wrong
i do love korres though!
it's not as good
this one does not have that effect
this does not even my skin tone
i feel this product does not cut it.
i still have to use something else.
this is the one thing that it should do
no matter what i tried
i never return anything
i want to like it
i think it's a nice product if you are not expecting it to remove makeup
will probably use only on lazy days where i did not wear makeup
this didn't do anything at all, really.
i didn't notice any improvement at all
if that isn't enough to make you avoid this product
i'd say go for it
didn't see much of a change
not sure why so expensive when it doesn't do anything that it claims it should do
it did nothing- i mean literally zip zilch nadda.
do not waste your money on this junk.
but wow what a let down.
feel like i'm not wasting money
i know nothing is going to get rid of them completely
doesn't make a bit of difference.
personally this product works but only half way.
i would recommend this if all you need is your puff to go down
the product itself didn't work
would know not to purchase
didn't see any results other than my under eye area felt smooth for like a day
i didn't see that this product worked
i am not sure about
did nothing for my bags.
i would say this product is just ok
i do not have an issue with dark circles
for what it does
i did not expect this to cover the darkness around my eyes
it has done nothing for me- it does not depuff under my eyes
the only thing this did was hydrate.
whatever you want to call them
thought maybe this will do something
don't get me wrong
it didn't work for me
in the mornings and it did nothing.
i didn't notice anything different with my under eyes after 3 weeks of use
just remember this is not a br
dunno if i like this yet.
since i couldn't really tell the difference
i can't see that it makes any difference one way or another though
it didn't really make much of a difference
unfortunately i didn't get the same results
in the end it didn't work :/ for me at least
it just didn't do what i wanted it to do
this did nothing for my dark circles like literally nothing
the product does nothing
don't waste your money...it does nothing.
i did not like this product
lines i didn't know i had
i wouldn't necessarily say that it makes your dark circles go away
i still wouldn't recommend this product
it did nothing for my puffies
didn't work for me
i didn't notice any improvements to my skin.
unfortunately it caused me to break out
this just didn't do it for me
thought that this would be no exception
unfortunately this just was not for me.
didn't smell too great
i did not like this product at all.
i so much regret buying it
not to forget its smell which i don't like !
i just feel like it's not doing anything for me: it's just adding an extra
after that, they just don't do enough in my eyes.
don't get me wrong it's a nice product
you can't tell how much is in there to begin with
i didn't notice it doing much of anything
i didn't see results
this is not for you
i can't say anything else about it
i wanted something to help combat that
this did not accomplish any of the three
it's not too bad though
it also does this weird thing if i don't wait long enough to put my moisturizer on top of it
you might want to try it for a longer period of time to really decide if you want to keep it or not
this one did not work for mebtw
doesn't do much else
i couldn't wait to purchase it
i wanted to so badly like this serum that i used it for 2 weeks even though it broke me out
unfortunately, that did not happen.
apparently it's great for other people
it honestly didn't do much
it doesn't really last
i wasn't sure if it was this product or something else
that's probably why i reacted in such a way
it almost feels like one pump isn't enough.
i didn't notice any changes from using it
looks exactly the same as it did before using it
i did not get a glow -- this did the complete opposite
i don't mind this so much on my face
it does bother me enough that i need to wash my h
this did not work out under my makeup
if that makes any sense
which i wouldn't mind if it wasn't impossible to wash off
as i tried it i didn't feel or see may difference
my face looks exactly the same after
to think of someone paying $80 for this
did not hydrate it
i wouldn't even want anyone else to have this terrible mask
this mask did nothing for my skin.
this mask didn't really do anything for my skin
i do like this mask
so that is why i only gave it 3 stars
it just didn't seem to do a thing
it won't do any good for your skin.
i honestly don't know how to rate this product.
it doesn't "work" but doesn't "not work".
use this on nights that i want to do masks
it didn't work for me.
the only thing i can tell you it's hard to get off
really didn't do anything special
i wanted to love this mask because what person wouldn't mind putting gold on their face?
i don't think this did anything for my skin.
i can't tell you if this works or not.
i can't say i saw any real results
i can say that my skin did look brighter
just not sure i see any improvement from it
did not see any difference!
i didn't see any results after using 1 jar.
i didn't really notice much of a difference on my skin
plus it doesn't say this br
i agree with the "just okay" review.
i honestly will not be buying agin.
you're suppose to leave it on for 10 minutes
i used a product that i didn't know would dry my skin out so badly so quickly
anyone else experience this?
it's not a must have mask.
it did nothing for me or my skin.
i didn't notice much of a difference on my skinafter using this product
glad i didn't buy the whole jar.
one nice thing is that it doesn't seem to have much
i just didn't feel anything
my skin didn't look more clear
i do not recommend this product, it is terrible.
i don't really agree
one thing i really don't like is that i don't have sensitive skin
the only thing that has ever bothered my face was a peel i used
overall, this mask is okay but doesn't wow me.
maybe that's the problem
bummed i spent the money on a product i can't even use
not sure it does much for pore size
it's not a 5 star, but i do like it.
it's a huge problem it makes a horrible mess especially if i'm running late or have people stopping by
it did nothing for me!
something i don't know how to describe
even if i did have the right skin for it
if you don't mind that
i cannot imagine how much fragrance is in this product because i couldn't even use it--had to immediately get off my face
oh last time i let my sister try it instead of wasting it
i did not care for it
guess this isn't for me because it gave me a chemical burn a couple days of use all over my face
but not blowing my mind.
i would not have bought it if i knew that
not what i was hoping for
i didn't really see any results from using it besides having a clean face
for anyone thinking about using it i would say try the sample size first
leaves me feeling betrayed because the sample was simply a ploy to have me buy the full size
i decided to not put any makeup on so my skin could breathe
i wouldn't recommend this
i do that anyway
i know some people may not like that
i didn't see any real difference in my circles at all
the scent isn't overwhelming, just not for me.
two, because my skin is not a fan.
doesn't hurt to touch anymore
it just didn't do the trick
at 100+ dollars i want to see something
this is not for you
does nothing for me.
i can definitely say i don't think it's worth $100
did nothing for fine lines
can't see any difference between when i use it vs when i dont
that cant be normal.
i didn't experience any improvement
i am not sure if this product just does not work on my skin
i did not like this at all
i did not want to give up on it
would not recommend it to anyone
because i do like to give products time to work
this just has not done anything for my dark circles
unfortunately, it's just done nothing.
unfortunately this product didn't work for me
it does work on circles though.
i couldn't get them off
not the product for me.
doesn't work at all
this brought me to think that perhaps it isnt only a cream that is going to fix my problem here
i would expect it to do something
it did absolutley nothing for me except overly tighten my eye area
like i do-- please steer clear
not only did this product do nothing for me
but this stuff just didn't work for me.
didn't work for me at all.
i hope it works for someone.
i am so sorry that it did not work for me
this product didn't do the trick for me
this didn't work for me
maybe that has something to do with it?
dont expect to see any drastic chage
it also did nothing for my dark circles.
i don't see any difference in my dark circles
i am sure it might work on others
bad thing is that you could only use it "under" the eyes
well it didn't deliver
not as much as i thought i would
it didn't seem like it had enough moisturizer for me
not to mention i can't even get the cleanser to come out of the pump
you'd think it would be made better
i didn't have the same feelings for this product as i did before
it's not with the $40 price tag
want a product that does what it says then i would save your money
around my mouth that will not go away no matter how much or what kind of moisturizer i use
sometimes i would over do it not knowing when to stop as you're supposed to add water
it doesn't work with my clarisonic
if clarisonics didn't exist i would probably still use this though
the product doesn't come out
i would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the bottle
another peeve about this product that i have is that you can't see how much product you have left until it's all gone
i do not recommend this product.
i don't know if it was that aspect or the actual product that dried me out so badly
the pump does not work
it also does not give me the 'glowing complexion" it claims it does
let me start off by saying that i do not have sensitive skin
honestly i believe scent-sensitive or not
it's seriously working wonders
you definitely can't use it everyday
it doesn't seem like anything special
i hope my clear skin does not break out from this
you don't need it
this cleanser version did nothing for me
you'd think with the price you pay you get better packaging
that's my only complain.
it does not remove my make up
so maybe it's just me
this cleanser did not work for me
i went with it anyway
i do not want to completely knock it because i fell in love with the sample
this specific product by glamglow just didn't work for me
it's just okay, nothing special.
it actually drys out your face which is the complete opposite of what it's supposed to do
i figured i should try it out
i didn't realize it was like a mud
i looked up to see if anyone else was having this problem
it's not bad, but it's not what i was expecting.
i personally don't like the smell of this product
this didn't do anything for me
it does even foam like it says it does
this did not hydrate
i didn't see any hydration in my skin whatsoever.
did not notice any kind of difference
i kind of hate it.
so i have no idea what it does.
it just didn't work for me
i would say buy the small size if you really want to try this product
i didn't like this product.
saw no difference actually made me breakout love glamglow not this
sadly i don't like it one bit :
won't buy anymore since the pump stops working
glad i didn't use for longer.
honestly haven't seen any difference with my skin
not as bad as how this made it
this cleanser did the total opposite of what it's "supposed" to do
i could not justify keeping it
my skin didn't agree with this
i gave glamglow a 4 rating only because it doesn't do a good job at removing makeup
i didn't use it again because i just simply for got i had it for a while
i figured why not give it another shot
for that reason i would love to use it
it didn't work for me
didn't hurt my skin but didn't help it either.
didn't do anything the package promised.
it did no harm nor good for my eyes.
just not this one
it just did not feel like anything was being absorbed
because it's not awful like a two
not good enough to be a three
whether you wear it under makeup or not
it's okay for now i suppose
i didn't see a thing after 2 months
didn't see the point on keeping
i feel like it doesn't do much for me
i should've tried it in store so that's my own fault
i cannot justify spending the money again when it did not do too much
did not notice much of a difference in fine lines
it was not a bad price for the amount you get though
don't notice any difference
im not sure if it's working.
it doesn't do much for dark circles
this probably isn't the cream for you
just didn't do anything above
beyond that which is really what i needed
this gel did not burn as much as i though it would
not sure it does anything more than hydrate the eye area
but this eye cream just didn't do it for me.
what is what i need an eye cream to do
it did nothing to change the appearance of my eyes
so know if you aren't sensitive to smell or can get past that
i do not recommend it
i wanted to like it
i just couldn't do it
i can't really say that it changed my skin because i was only able to apply it once
not too many things bother it
not only did it break me out
buy something else instead of this
didn't want to waste the bottle
i don't think oil is for everyone.
i think maybe it's the fact that this has shea
i will say that it never made my skin breakout
that was not true.
didn't break me out
does everything it claims
it's fine it does the job well
but i'm sure there's better.
i am not going to lie
however, i can't stand the smell.
i am still not sure what to think of it
i did not care for the scent
so why use it?
it may not even be obvious to you
there are skin care products that do not have these horrible ingredients
i dont know if it got worse
i wanted to fall in love with it because of what i had heard about it's cleaning of make up
maybe i was expecting amazing results that didn't come
i don't see any improvement .
this one was not for me
i can't remember the last time i had such an awful breakout
this product did nothing for my face.
not sure about the not rinsing thing
thought maybe i had incidentally tried it at the wrong time of month
figured i would give this a try
this is what i experienced:
i didn't have makeup on at that point
'm wondering why i bothered to use soooo much product trying to remove it
it does nothing special
well, that is wrong.
either she didn't know anything about the product or wanted to sell me this product
i can't believe all the reviews that say it's "lightweight"
i don't see why others couldn't use it.
it's not a bad product i just personally don't like it
unfortunately, it didn't work for me.
thought i would try this item
i do not like it at all.
this mask did nothing for me
i want to love this, but i can't.
that's why i have two stars.
i didn't really notice any difference with this product
it did what is it was supposed to do
but doesn't last very long.
didn't do anything for my skin.
maybe it doesn't "react" well with the oil?
i don't see an impact they
i could not st
i hate to say it but i had breakouts from this .
the smell is actually not bad i wish it worked on me
it did nothing for my skin
i didn't see any improve on my skin
well, may be it's just not for me.
it just wouldn't work for me.
it's not that bad
i didn't notice any improvements in my skin by using this
you don't smell it anymore
i couldn't imagine anyone wanting to shell out actual money for this product
i didn't see any results with this product at all
i know this product was the issue bc i changed nothing else in my skin care
i can't comment on how well this works because i haven't used it long enough because it straight-up smells like a cigar
the smell isn't even a factor--doesn't bother me at all
did not use for long.
this one was just not right for me
the smell didn't bother me
let's just get the obvious out of the way
say that this is $140
not sure exactly why
it doesn't go away
couldn't continue to use it
the days that i did use it
i didn't really like the smell.
i don't doubt it may do something for those who enjoy the feeling
it was not for me
this product did not cause me to have any serious reactions like most products of this nature usually do
this product didn't do anything for my skin
i didn't like the way it made my makeup look
find something else for day
unfortunately i cannot give this product enough chances to see if it actually works
just not from this line
didn't see any particular change in my skin.
i wanted to like this.
there's nothing wrong with it per se
it does what it claims to
i didn't notice any difference
it didn't cause any breakouts or anything- it just wasn't an omg i must buy this again item
i cannot attest to that as that is not my skin type
let me tell you
that's how much i wanted to get rid of it.
didn't see any effects from the product description
i didn't see any results either way.
i can't say 100% that it broke me out
and i mean not even one benefit from this.
the results didn’t even exist for me
can't last for too long
this never happened to my skin with any other products
not sure i got anything else out of it.
i did not like this product at all
it did not work at all for me
this product did not work for me at all.
didn't take away my acne just made it worse!
it's been almost 3 weeks of using it exactally the way you are supposed to
do not breakout easily
do nothing on my skin
i didn't feel like it did anything either.
i won't say it's this product for sure
because it's nearly impossible to say
which is why i can't say this gel is the problem definitively
i do know it isn't doing anything to help
but this did not meet expectations!
let me just say that i love shiseido!
whatever this does will be covered by makeup anyway
i really don't notice anything special about my skin or face after using
i did not have any 'wow' effect.
makes me wonder if they are real
and yet, i see no difference in my skin.
the fact that it's 2/3 full when you get the product
you might love this product
it did exactly what it said
i would say definitely try it before you buy.
it did the same thing
not sure why this product caused me to breakout
this was not it.
no matter what i do
the thing i don't like is the product just fill up to 3/4
that is not something i want in my skin care
i didn't notice a big difference in my skin
if they made this a perfume, i would but it!
?also did nothing for my skin
this product is not bad
as in it did not break me out or anything like that
i wish it did something
i wish i could have given it no stars.
this one is not for me
it doesn't do anything unfortunately!
that is really the only way i can describe it.
i don't have many wrinkes just under my eyes
it did not do well for my face
made may face sticky i did not see a difference i gave it to my mother maybe it will work for her since she is older
it just didn't work for me
it's not this product's fault.
does not do what it said
i am not sure if it was the fragrance
i couldn't wait to share
this is not for you
do not get what all the hype is about.
doesn't do anything for "lift" though
i think it might even contri
i didn't really notice a difference in my skin
i did not see the results
this is not for you
didn't see any spot correction
it is supposed to be 20%
literally it did not do anything to my skin.
did not smooth or do anything to my skin.
did not see a difference in my under eye area
i don't see a difference at all
i dont know if they will even post this review because of what im about to say
if you are wondering why i even keep trying with this br
i do not experience this normally!
didn't take care of my skin
it does nothing special
did not do anything .
not enough to stay with it
can't say this is anything special at all.
i just do not notice anything better or unique about this product
this primer did nothing to control my oil.
i didn't find this to be true.
i could not mattify it with any powder
i don't think i even want to give it to anyone because i dislike it so much
i would not recommend using it.
i do not like this 'renewed" version.
it does not work as good as the original did for my skin
why did they change it?
now i need to find something else and fast!!
why oh why did they change it??
why did they change it?
if you liked the old version you will not like this at all
which it did not need
didn't realize it said spf on it
i don't turn to this product as much as i would like to
it's taking me way longer to go through this jar because i just don't care for it
you'd have to apply so much for it to actually do what it's supposed to
it unfortunately did not meet my expectation
it doesn't break me out
didn't really like this product.
i didn't feel like i was benefiting from it in any way
granted i didn't use it too long because it made my face breakout like a 15 y
sadly that was not the case
i still do not like it
does not sink in well
if i did not get what i paid for.
i didn't notice anything special about this lotion that would warrant its cost either
i didn't think there is anything special about this night cream
i don't know exactly how i feel about this
i don't know how quickly it's supposed to work
i do like this product
2016 i do not like this product at all
i would not recommend this product if you are needing something that is very hydrating
this product does nothing.
i did not find it to hydrate my under eye area at all
feels the same if i had not used anything
i don't recommend this.
you'll get a much better product that does what it says it's supposed to
i don't see a difference
i don't know what ingredient i am reacting to
try it out to make sure you don't have a reaction
i never have this problem on nights when i don't use the product
don't get me wrong
it's not a miracle product.
i figured maybe my skin would get used to it
maybe this is just not for me.
did nothing to help with my skin tone.
just not for me
i like their essence though
my routine products don't seem to be working anymore
the smell doesn't really bother me
really didn't see much change in my skin at all
sadly, it just didn't do anything for me.
my skin looks exactly the same
this doesn't produce any results
sad to say it didn't agree with my skin
not prone to breakout at all
i can't use it
i can't get past it
does not go away
maybe that's why it didn't penetrate
this one didn't do it for me
i didn't see any big changes in my skin
i feel like everything this product claimed to do wasn't true
sadly, it just didn't live up to the hype.
didn't see a big difference
i don't notice any change in my skin.
i did not feel properly clean after using it.
oh wait it makes me break out .
there's nothing that would make me want to buy this again
the night oil just didn't perform
i couldn't get past the smell of this oil to use it long enough to see results
what a let down though.
no way would i recommend this one.
this is the only sr product that did not cause my face to break out
i don't see any difference in my skin whatsoever
i could've gotten past that if it actually did something
or firming i cant really say
it does the job
i found that it did none of these things.
when you need it
it did nothing for my skin
it still didn't work
i totally didn't follow the quiz i just felt like
i just hope i didn't make a mistake
i've determined this product probably isn't for me
two stars because i will say that i haven't broken out
not recommended at all to anyone who have my skin type
this product did nothing for my skin.
unfortunately this was nothing
i don't see why they mix the product for me.
i did the mix 3
if i spend almost $100 on a serum—even if it's one i'm mixing myself
it may be ok if you just want a matte look.
honestly noticed no difference by the end of the bottle
unfortunately for me this product did nothing.
for me it didn't work
i honestly don't see a difference whatsoever
however i don't see any
i literally do not see a difference
i will admit i don't use this every single night.
didn't work for me.
i didn't see any improvements in my fine lines.
i just don't see how this is anything special
if it did anything for my makeup
i did not like the way it smelled at all
nothing special i seem to not like primers
they just dont seem to work for me
it doesn't blur anything i'm just glad i didn't invest my money in this
if you want to layer it don't bother using this product
don't use this one
a few months down the road it just wouldn't spread anymore
i guess i didn't go through it fast enough for the product to stay the same consistency
i see why some love this.
no matter what foundation i use
can say it's the actual product that does this instead of a "bad sample
i can not tolerate that scent
it does not fade
the smell was just something i couldn't get over
it didn't work for me
i wanted to like this.
nor would i recommend to anyone
i did like the product
i don't like it
doesn't really do that
it seriously did not do a single thing
only reason it gets two stars is because i haven't found anything else that works either so maybe it's just me
not the product that's the issue
i could see why some people say it's good as a primer
if anything it doesn't give enough moisture.
would not recommend this
two stars simply because it did not irritate my face
not sure that it does much to combat oil.
it didn't work to control oil very well
it did nothing for me
the only plus is that i did not break out.
did i see any difference?
didn't work at all for me .
mpressed that i didn't immediately feel oil trying to come through
it did not help mattify my skin at all
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
didn't see any change.
i wanted to try it
it just doesn't last all day
this did not work for me at all
just not what it's advertised to be
didn't really reduce oil, at all.
over all no wowed, but don't hate.
when i asked to see something else for comparison
it did nothing for me
just not oil control
did not like at all!
didn't work for me.
unfortunately this product does the opposite for me
this product did not help mattify my face.
i guess i'm the odd one out.
it is not it does not help my fine lines
it simply does not work
they didn't have it in store
t one if not better
and i wasn't crazy about how it smelled.
i tried it for week because i was hoping it wasn't the cause
it doesn't help mattify that area
the only thing it did do though was make my skin
it just doesn't do what it says
because i did not
what i wanted was a primer
it never did anything beyond what a normal drugstore primer would do
not only it didn't help my skin
i do not use foundation
do not waste your money!!
it does not do well in the long run with or without makeup
maybe i tried something else of this br
i feel like it didn't do much.
it's not the product that does anything
not nearly as hard as the rep did
doesn't do any work on my eyes
doesn't actually do anything, just feels good.
wanted to live it but it didn't depuff.
not saying that it didn't make a difference
it doesn't work for me.
have yet to see or feel a difference
i did not see any difference with my puffy eyes.
it doesn't matter how long i wait for it to absorb
can't speak of long term use
did not like this at all.
just not for me.
i do not recommend.
i did not like this moisturizer
i did not like this cleanser so much.
i wanted to like this.
didn't realize the ph level was so high
dont know why this happened
it says to keep it out of your eyes so maybe it's not meant for eye makeup?
it didn't do anything for my skin
this one has not done the job.
it's just not the right formula for me
it didn't do anything horrible
this moisturizer did not agree with my skin personally
might have wrong formula for my skin type.
it didn't really do much for me
if you're like me who needs extra moisture than i would not recommend this product
thought i'd give this a try since it's from the same br
it just doesn't work
it did the job
it's not for me
it did not make me break out
i really do not like this.
no this does not absorb for me
maybe it will work for you
it has been a love/hate relation with this cream because does not get absorb
i didn't like the way this felt on my face during the day
if it didn't make me break out
it just didn't smell good to me.
this stuff didn't blow me away
i didn't like this at all.
it just simply isn't for me.
it would actually leave this strange film on my face
i just don't understand this stuff.
that's not gonna sell it for me
maybe this works for some people
i don't like how there is alcohol in it
this did not work for me at all.
this just doesn't seem to give me as much moisture as i need
it doesn't do enough to make me want to repurchase
i wish that it did more to diminish my dark eye circles
it didn't seem to totally absorb either.
it didn't do anything to help fine lines.
can't to speak to it's effectiveness on either of those
it maybe did the tiniest amount of work on my "fine lines"
it didn't seem to do anything to clear my pores.
i honestly don't know if it worked.
since i have fair skin i thought this would do the trick
i can't really tell a difference on my skin
just didn't work for me like it does on others
i can say it is good product
i don't think this product is for everyone
i am not in love with it
even though it didn't peel off like i would've wanted to i understood it was supposed to be more gentle on your face
this is pretty expensive for something that doesn't do what it says
i wasn't sure what to expect when it said it in the descriptions
it just wasn't cutting it for me
i do not see a difference at all
i wanted to love this but i did not.
it did nothing for my skin at all.
it isn't like what i thought
this did not work at all for me
i did not do anything for me
really don't know what to say
i did not find this product to be anything special
it did nothing for me
i would not recommend.
i guess it's better than nothing
i don't prefer this
i didn't feel that it did anything special
i don't mind this at night
i do not recommend this!
i would skip this and try something else.
i can tell no difference in my fine lines
i've waited a month to review to make sure my opinion didn't change
i did not get results i was hoping for
i can't tell if it's working or not
cream does nothing at all for me.
this one is not it.
it's not for me
**to those who're complaining that it didn't do squat to help dark circles
did not make any difference
no matter if they cost $10 or $100
do the same thing
it didn't do anything to my fine lines or dark circles
i don't know that it does anything special that a regular moisturizer wouldn't do
at least i can say
this didn't give me any
i wish it did both or i would love it!
however, i did not like this product at all.
i can't say it does much in the way of hydration
this one wasn't for me
sadly did not work for me.
for this price i wasn't expecting a lot.
i will use it up, and try something else.
i actually bought this thinking it was something else
didn't notice any difference
it doesn't help much
it didn't sink in at all
would love this product of it didn't have so much glitter
don't know what it really does.
not this one though.
what i don't like is that it has no spf.
and for that reason i probably wont purchase.
it just did 't work for me.
something about this just didn't work for me
not sure why my skin didn't seem to like this.
my problem is i have no idea what it is supposed to do
i don't think it does anything too dramatic to justify the price point
i wouldn't recommend it.
i don't notice a difference with or without it
i didn't find it really did much for my skin.
although i didn't break out more
it didn't clear up my face either
sadly this product did not work with my skin at all
i do not have time to bother with that everyday!
i just wish it didn't dry my skin so much
if you are like me
just didn't live up to expectations
i like other glamglow products but not this one.
didn't do much with actually cleaning my face
really wish i didn't waste so much money on it :/
i just didn't feel like it did much
it didn't really help my blackhead problem either
now it does nothing
can't see a difference yet
this didn't work for me at all
i wouldn't recommend it.
i can't get past that frustration to really assess the actual cleaning power
this oil is not made from real roses
on top of the smell which was so over powering i didn't feel any difference
this was not it.
i don't think it's enough for anyone to really sample it
i could not use this.
not sure that justifies the price, though!
i didn't think much of it at first
did not notice any difference from using the mask
did not cause me to break out in any way.
this product does not play well with anything else
for under makeup, i do not recommend at all
i would not recommend
i am not that picky either
doesn't last all day
i'd say this product is good if you want a blurring effect
i did not find it to be a good moisturizer
i can't just wear this alone
maybe it won't be so bad in the winter time.
if it didn't leave me looking like i have a white mask
i can't say i'll buy it again
i do not recommend this product
realized it was not for me
except for the fact that it doesn't do what its purpose is
i did not change anything about my makeup routine
this just did not work for me
i definitely did not find it with this
i would not recommend this product
the consistency of the product didn't bother me
don't think this product will work for me
that it is not meant to be waterproof
maybe not even for everyday
not sure if it was a reaction to oil
would not rub in no matter what i did
i didn't get any breakouts from it
i think i could make this work
even if it's been awhile since you applied it
it didn't break me out
won't be wearing much make up anyway
really doesn't do much for me as a moisturizer
this one does not
no matter how much i tried
thought i would give it a whirl
almost like the product never really absorbed not matter how long i waited to apply my other products
does what it says just didn't like the feeling of it on my face
it's just not a good product.
although the smell that most people say is horrible didn't bug me at all 2 days after using it i broke out very badly
i don't know if i just had a bad reaction to it
i actually would give this mask 4 stars if it wasn't for the terrible smell
i don't even know how to describe it.
glad i didn't buy it.
it just did not work for me
did not really see any difference at all after using this mask once
it did not help anything with that the day after using it
i wish i would have liked this mask because of the price
cant say it's the best
it didn't really help any part of my skin
i would never purchase it because of the awful
didn't notice any change to my skin.
don't let me get started on the smell
it doesn't do any good for my skin
i can't say that it did anything majorly special for my skin
i can tell its not a 5/5
i so want to love this
just ask mask that doesn't do my skin any good
nor does it break me out
didn't do much for my skin besides make it soft
i can get that with any mask
didn't notice anything different in my skin.
if like like this product didn't actually stay on my face long enough to do anything
i didn't really see any results after i used the mask either
although it's fun it doesn't do anything for the skin
let me tell yall about this stuff right here
while i didn't find anything awful about it
i also didn't notice any sort of effect from the mask
it does not remove all my make up
i like it enough to keep it on h
it doesn't wow me
wasn't expecting anything amazing.
i can't say it did anything amazing
it definitely didn't make anything worse
this literally did nothing for me.
not sure if made my skin worse
but i'm not sure if it even does anything?
its not bad but its not the best out there.
there is hardly any left
this didn't do anything for my skin i have been waiting for something miraculous to happen
f you do happen to spill it not so much of the product spills out :
i didn't notice anything special happen to my skin
there just wasn't enough hydration on its own
unfortunately, this wasn't the case with the oil.
i don't know what is in it that was making me react that way
something in this product isn't right
it didn't break me out
wasn't for me but maybe it will work for you.
it doesn't hurt to give it a shot
it also did nothing to help any fine lines on my face
does not do anything to your skin
didn't harm my skin
the product didn't work on me
am not prone to break outs
it didn't work for me
i wish i could use this because it has so much shea
didn't find this heavy enough to provide me the results i expect from a product of this price
it doesn't work for me
not a product for me.
just not for my skin
i can't speak for long-term effects
thats honestly what caught my eye
i didn't notice anything else
did not like the smell on my face at all
would not buy this
first i have to say that i love caudalie products
i don't know if it was because of the mask or it just happened coincidentally after
i can not see any difference with my pores
i don't find it did anything special
the only reason i'm giving this 3 stars is because it is sooo overpriced
it just didn't do anything on my skin except for drying it out
i will not recommend it to my friends.
i would say this product did not do much for me at least
maybe thats normal, but not sure i like that.
my skin is on the dry side though so maybe this isnt the type i should use anyways
it didn't do much
im not really even sure if it works
dk maybe it does do something
so far i didn't find anything helps obviously
i don't feel like it actually does anything to my face afterwards
i didn't get the results that i wanted or expected
did not prevent breakouts at all
it did not cause any breakouts
it wasn't helping either
have not seen results ever
it did not help at all with pimples
i didn't notice a difference in my blemishes
since it never really dries i can't figure it out
that i can not get rid of
it doesn't break me out
hmmm not sure what it was
this is not for everyone
i don't mind this
which is what i need
don't see no difference
i didn't notice any improvements much
i came to a conclusion that it did not make any difference on my skin
it did not break me out or anything
it was not enough to make me want to keep it
i didn't think it would be as bad as the reviews claim
just didn't work for me.
i don't know if i received a bad bottle
can't comment on that
even with the ones that i do
it did not break
please just take my word on this one.
you don't need much
however, i'm not crazy about the smell.
than this probably won't work for you either
didn't really do much
i found this oil does not live up to the hype that it gets
i don't know if i received a rotten/old batch or if this is the actual smell
has anyone else experienced this???
it didn't break me out though
it honestly didn't do anything
why does everyone love this?
didn't feel any difference.
didn't work as well as i hoped
so i wouldn't recommend using it near eyes.
if you don't really wear make up it might be fine for u
needless to say, this didn't even get all of it.
i know there is still residue there.
i just didn't have the confidence that my skin was clean
it certainly does not take mine off
just did not work for me.
i wanted to love this product however
nothing breaks me out
that's not the fault of the product
perhaps it's not supposed to do this
did not really remove my eye makeup
just didn't work for me
i returned this product and would not reccomend.
i don't hate it either
other than that it's just ok
this product is suppose to remove make-up
it it's not supposed to be used near the eyes-
it stings if you do
i am not sure if it is enough to exfoliate
just because i have it
just not for me.
it didn't work to control my oil
i've tried so many 'oil control' products that don't work
i've used so many i can't keep count
it's just not a good buy at all for the price.
i spent $68 on a product that does not work
it just didn't agree with my skin
sadly this didn't work for me.
this cream was not enough for me
i didn't find that it really does anything for my skin
i don't know if it's making a difference
this just didn't work for my skin
so why bother with a stick?
why its a stick and not a tub- i'm not sure.
but, unfortunately, i never saw any.
am not even sure if i am using it correctly
you can't use it as a stick for very long.
it just didn't work well with my skin
i guess this product just doesn't react well with me
i don't know if my acne is just a lost cause or what
because this product did not work at all
i might just have no patience, who knows.
i guess that was a mistake.
i wanted to like this
maybe this isn't the right one!
i didn't find a anything special about the product itself
i assumed it was empty because i couldn't get a good view of the contents
it definitely did not melt or anything
when i went to apply it all over my face i wasn't getting much product out
it did not work out for me
i don't know how to describe it other than that.
unfortunately the stick did not turn out the way i thought it would be
it just didn't work for me
t didn't make much difference
if you make sure not to use too much
unfortunately, not going to purchase.
does what it says
the directions for this product do not follow with what you have to do to use it properly
i don't understand this product.
so what's the point?
*plus* there aren't even any good ingredients in here to balance those two mentioned problems out
i wouldn't say it absorbs
i wouldn't say it helped with brightening
just didn't work for my skin
so there you have it.
maybe you will like this
my skin does not react badly to it
let's not forget that bees may be harmed in the process of making the product
if you don't plan to wear anything
however i hate the way it feels.
not sure what it's supposed to be doing with the firming
first impression i'm not getting either
i got this because some celebrity said she can't live without this
it did seem to even out my skin immediately after application
as it does not seem that you pay for what you get
i don't know what is in it
does not help my complexion
i would not recommend this to my friends or family
i couldn't figure out what that smell was
needless to say i will not be purchasing this for i just can't get over the smell
the product just does what it says it will
they don't know why this would happen
btw it did brighten my skin at all i'm so mad
it does not do any miracle to the skin.
i wouldn't say brighter
i also can not stand the smell.
it really isn't anything
that doesn't really bother me
it has not brightened my skin or done anything else it has claims to
will not be purchasing anymore of their products
did not see any difference only it made my face really dry
maybe it works for other people
it's a big no for me
it's not for everyone.
i wouldn't say it's the best
i did not see nor feel anything extraordinary.
don't see a big difference
there are large pieces of dark *something* in the product that do not appear to do anything for your skin
good, but doesn't deliver on all that's promised.
it didn't impress me
who ever said it was ... they're lying.
now i know why
honestly i don't see any brightening effect
don't get me wrong
just not this one
i don't think it did anything for me
it just doesn't wow me.
not wanting to leave my face
i did not like these wipes.
unfortunately the smell of the wipes bothered him so much that he only used it one or two times
don't bother with it.
i did not notice a difference when using this product
who never notices anything
did not notice a difference
in my mouth i did not like it
it didn't do anything for my pores
i can't say i'd purchase this again.
this product didn't work for me
this does nothing for my skin.
maybe i was expecting a miracle for the money
it literally did nothing for my skin
any other mask would do same if not a better job.
though i think it does have a particular smell
you can't see how much product you have left
it did seem like a lot of product for the money
just didn't work with my skin type
i probably have another 1 or 2uses left, i love!
the product doesn't exactly live up to its description completely
however, not a bad mask for the price.
this one didn't seem to make any difference for me
it doesn't actually do anything other than make your skin feel good
this mask isn't anything much to brag about.
why i mention it?
it smell like violettes... not a fan of that.
very unpleasant, and so, wont use it ever again.
i guess you can't get everything right 100% of the time
not to mention didn't do a thing for undereye circles
this cream really doesn't work for me.
that's because it wasn't.
supposedly it's supposed to do that over time
it doesn't stay that way for long
not sure about this prouduct.
seemed to not break me out
i didn't get huge breakouts
i used probably half of it because i didn't feel like i need that much product for one night
it didn't make any difference that i could tell to my skin the next morning
i couldn't honestly tell you what my overnight result would have been
just didn't dry enough for me
didn't do anything they claimed to do
honestly, this mask did not work for me.
i didn't like how it felt when i put it on
have not seen any results
not sure if you should be doing this
i wanted to like these
which is something that only happens when i use a product that doesn't agree with me
this one doesn't do what it is supposed to
all this did was give me a ton of whiteheads
i won't be trying any of the other masks cause they're just not worth it to me
this did nothing at all.
this particular mask didn't do very much over night
pomegranate might not be for you
did not notice a thing in the morning with any of them
this one did nothing for me
this literally did nothing for my skin
it didn't make a difference
didn't see an improvement in my skin
actually caused me to breakout
needless to say now i have another one on my cheek :
did not see a difference.
i broke out: i'm not going to blame this on the product though
the further times i used it i didn't see any mattifying
t doesn't break the bank too much
is not a good product i do not recommend
if you want something simple
it just doesn't get my make up off
that did not work if anything it made things worse
i guess you get what you pay for.
if you want quick
this one just really doesn't work the same
didn't foam as much as i would have liked
however, it didn't help clear my breakouts.
this does not work well with my clarisonic
not for someone like me with dark circles
it does not remove dark circles not even light in it
what i did not like is the price.
it just simply will not do that
it did not work for my under eye bags at all.
i which is a no no for me.
i can't say anything for it helping my skin
i think it does nothing
never saw much of anything.
i suppose i was foolish to think that a serum could really firm
but it doesn't seem strong enough.
not only did this give me zero results
not sure if i'll have enough to see a 2 week affect
it bothers me to even have it on my h
this seriously does not last.
i admit at first i didn't think it was doing anything
i think it's call millia?
i didn't really notice any dark circle changes
it's not amazing enough for the price in my opinion
i don't like this product.
does nothing for me
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because i miss the old lotion
not really sure how to describe it
let's just say if i hadn't used it at all with the other products
i believe it would work better for someone who doesn't have as bad dry skin as me
i don't like that.
i don't feel like it did
i tried this alone
unfortunately it just doesn't work for me
sephora did not do anything to help me out
it didn't die on me this time
who really knows if this will work they don't last long enough to find out
i know it is not a miracle
knowing that i had historically lucked out with skin that doesn't easily irritate
therefor it did nothing for them because the laser is only suppose to be used in area's that have bone underneath it
i didn't even use it everyday as instructed.
my fault for not looking at the ingredients
it's okay for that
i didn't see that with this product
i wish this worked for me like it did for others.
i dunno how i feel about this yet.
unfortunately i'm not sure which ingredients it's sensitive to
unfortunately, i was wrong.
this product did not work for me however
someone mentioned it was easy to knock over
i didn't really see any improvements to my skin
unfortunately, this one isn't.
it literally didn't do anything
i can't figure this stuff out.
i just didn't love it
maybe that's just what it's supposed to feel like?
it did not work out
my make up did not look cute
it does make a difference
it just didn't work for me
did not cause break outs.
no it's just ok
i don't know if i received an expired product or if the formula just isn't for me
guess i will stick to that instead
about the only good thing i can say is that it does absorb quickly
i would not recommend it to anyone.
didn't hydrate as much as i had hoped for this price point
'm not sure if it's one
wish it weren't so expensive
i can't really say that this is any better than the regular mw moisturizer
this just didn't do it for me.
not to say it wouldn't be good for others.....
i just don't want to look like a greaseball
no matter how i put it on it gets in my eyes
i guess it's just not for me
i just find it's not quite enough for me
i think i'll be purchasing something else to try when it's finished
i didn't want to use it after the color changed
so this did nothing
unfortunately it did not
so don't buy it if that's specifically what you're after
not sure if this is perfume or just how it smells
it didn't break me out or cause irritation
but i could forgive that.
on my face it didn't bother me so much
it also does nothing to my.
i don't know why
waste of money doesn't even work
did not like it at all
never knew how much product to use
it actually did nothing for my skin at all.
will not recommend it to anyone
just not the right cream for me i guess
i still wouldn't recommend
this moisturizer did not agree with my skin
i would not recommend this product
i don't know why it caused it in the first place
they seem to love it
not a fan at all.
but this is not for me.
i don't see how.
t may just be reacting to the other stuff i use
i didn't see that it did anything at all
this product didn't do anything for me
that's exactly what happened with this moisturizer
my skin still didn't like it
i want something that i can use every single night
i can't stand that!
i need to do it
not this one -- its just not that great imo
which is the one thing from ole that i would say is the st
i don't have another one
love them for the very reason that they do not bother my sensitive skin
i didn't find that it provided enough moisture
third time i wasn't convinced anymore
i do not recommend this creme
really didn't mind it
i feel like it didn't do anything it said it was going to do
idk if it was a bad one
at least i don't think
did not irritate my eyes
i just hoped i didn't meet anyone i know this night
if you only want to use this product at night or when you aren't wearing makeup
although a bit pricey and didn't wow me.
but this does not do what it purports to do.
considering this i don't think there is anything special about this eye cream
nomatter how i try to use it
i would not recommend this to anyone
this one just doesn't seem to help
it has not done anything for my dark circles
it does not give magic result
would not recommend to friends
i can't say it's anything other than a good moisturizer
doesn't do much if you've had a long night
didn't do anything for my dark circles
don't have anything to compare that to
using this eye cream didn't improve anything.
i've never had an eye cream that wouldn't make a difference at all
can you imagine the horror?
i didn't see much of a difference
however, i did not see results.
this product didn't do anything for my wrinkles
did not do anything for me
not buying it ever!
i think even if i used less the horrible smell would have bothered me
to me it was all the wrong smells in one
if you're a sensitive skin person i do not recommend this for you
couldn't love this one.
i also didn't care for the scent.
don't know if it has something to do with that
i probably noticed it more because i didn't like the scent
made me wondering if this product will be godd for my skin
it doesn't make me break out
this cream didn't do anything
did not like the smell of it.
on this i'm not so sure
i find this product doesn't do too much for me
not sure if i had an odd reaction
had to return it because it irritated my skin so bad don't know why just doesn't work for me i don't have sensitive skin
t does not take off all the make up
don't know if i will continue to use it once it's gone or not
the wonders it could do for the skin
i don't think it really did much
i didn't notice added hydration
there's not a huge difference
definitely didn't do the job it claims
i didn't notice any difference in hydration
that doesn't happen often
it didn't seem to do much at all for my skin
unfortunately it didn't work out for me
which i didnt like about it
not something i would think of as being in a product for "deep hydration"
did nothing for my skin except make me breakout for because of the gold in it
definitely not- not with nearly 100
did not show miracles on the skin for the buck.
this wasn't for me
didn't work under my foundation
but its not a wow product!
it doesn't really do that much.....
this doesn't hydrate my skin as much as i hoped it would for the price
then when it's gone
i can't really tell much of a difference
i am going to try something else
there really is nothing wrong with it
it didn't seem that after i stopped using it anything changed for the worse in my skin
never react to any products
for this money i expect not only a good product
why does algenist not use a pump for this product?
the short story: it doesn't work.
just did not see any improvement in fine lines
just didn't work out for me.
the pump does not work
i should've listened to others with regards to the ridiculous cap
onto my face- did not save packaging because i have never tried an algenist product i didn't love
i didn't notice any change at all with using this product
this did not firm for me.
cannot say enough about the great results from many of their products
but i also did not find it to absorb.
i figured why not
i didn't react to it
i don't want something that never completely soaks in
it won't do much
sadly it wasn't meant to be for me
i didn't mind this when i put it on
i don't wear foundation or anything
i didn't like this.
it's definitely not one i would buy.
it doesn't seem to have any immediate special effect
it's definitely not something i would purchase again
it didn't do anything mind blowing.
i know some people do
know it was this
if you're like me
have sensitive skin then i say you're better off with something else
it simply did nothing to my eyes
i don`t know if its because i'm aging or i got it from this product
i honestly didn't see or notice any difference using this eye cream from when i wasn't using any
it's not the price for me
did not notice a difference at all.
i don't think it did anything for my redness
i wouldn't say this is what made majority of it go away
it did help a bit
i wouldn't say it's my holy grail or a product that i would keep reaching for
i like it but i don't love it.
that doesn't last long
i also felt like it didn't do anything for my skin
not sure of its value for me.
that said, i'm not sure it does anything.
i don't see any effects
other days i think foundation covers it anyways.
didn't see any change whatsoever
it isn't doing any harm to my skin
i did not notice a change in my mild rosacae
...but i just couldn't justify keeping it.
this one just wasn't gonna cut it
it's overpriced and not special in any way.
i want to buy it
t would be nice if i could take a look
it does nothing special
would not recommend this for the money.
it just did not do anything for me
it looked as if there was not any product in the bottle
do not waste your money on this.
couldn't get anything out at all.
i couldn't wait to try this.
no difference except some acne which wasn't good
not my kind of product
i recently learned that it contains dimethicone which causes impurities to build up so maybe thats why it didn't work for me
i felt that it didn't do enough to hydrate my skin
i do not think it is bad
let me first say that i do not have acne-prone skin
it felt super gross and i did not like it at all.
save your $30 and spend it on something else.
unfortunately had to replace this cleanser with something else
i honestly wasted my money
i would never ever pay this much for this particular mask
not only does it not do much
even if it did
i honestly can't tell if it does anything.
it just doesn't seem to do much
it's just not super obvious
it's almost like nothing is even on my face.
i wanted to love this i did
i would have to say it's a dud
but it does nothing.
even after daily use i did not notice the difference which is sad since i like the consistancy of it
i did not notice a difference in my pore size at all
i honestly wanted to love this
i see no reason for it to be doing this.
i couldn't even leave it on my face
i realize it wasn't
i would not recommend this product at all.
this is fails to even get a 'meh'
i don't hate it but definitely don't like it.
as so many of the other reviews say it's impossible to work with
either i'm doing something wrong or this product is not great
thought i just got lucky that it didn't happen to me
it did not quite live up
this didn't work for me
for the people saying it doesn't ball up
can say that it did not break out my skin
does not work well with makeup.
it does not work under makeup
if that doesnt bother you i say buy.
because you never know when you're going to stumble upon the holy grail
it does what it claims
i just can't stress it enough.
i can't get it to work for me
unless you are not going to apply something on top do not bother with this one
is not something i'd recommend for morning use
it's not making me break out
it's not bad at all
just didn't this time
instead of giving this to someone else
i love my friends enough to throw it in the trash
that's false because if anything
would not recommend this
i didn't run into that problem
however, it really didn't wow me, either.
i couldn't stand it .
i guess not what i want a moisturizer to do.
not at all what i wanted.
it did it's job
i did not notice anything.
this cream did not irritate me
it didn't wow me either
i am not blaming the cream since i don't know if there's a correlation
do not want to purchase it
i did not like this moisturizer.
it definitely didn't work for me
anyways maybe it can work for other people
this product did not make me break out
it wasn't awful, but i didn't enjoy it.
i cannot say that it has made mind-blowing difference in my skin
doesn't live up to what it claims to do
it also did nada for my redness which is disappointing
simply doesnt work for me
this one dont anything
i dont have problem to pay for one product that do
this one do nothing
this did not work for me at all
it hasn't done anything
although i like this, i don't love it.
i can't tell the difference without it
do not make the "miracles" u expect for
it doesn't do great when i wear it under make up
i will say it does mattify
it didn't work for what i was hoping
it just didn't work
that being said, it isn't a bad product at all.
it just wouldn't do the trick.
i didn't notice much of a difference
after i use this i feel like all excess oil is gone from my t zone without stripping anything else
this did not work for me
thought this would do the trick
unfortunately it does not do what it says
i didn't notice any results with this oil.
i would try something else
after using the entire bottle i don't seem to notice a big difference
it also didn't do anything for my redness
it does last a long time for those who actually do notice any benefits
didn't break me out which is fine
it doesn't work for me
i know it was not my moisturizer because i have used it for a lot of years
i couldn't take it anymore my face looked terrible
this did nothing to help it
it is not blue
i didn't even get to try it because i wouldn't dare put it on my face
it doesn't do that
i wish i could post a picture.
anyone else experience this?
i just can't put this on my face!
i figured it probably wouldn't work though because my skin is super sensitive
while the moonfruit really didn't work out for me
i didn't notice any difference in my skin as a result of applying it
i couldn't understand it.
i hate to be the only one not to give a 5-star review
this product just wasn't magic for me
sadly this isn't the case
i don't break out except in reaction to something
neither loved nor hated it
the scent was not for me
i mean it's not a bad scent
didn't notice any special results on my skin
i didn't care for the smell
it didn't last too long either
this product did nothing for my skin.
it never did anything for me.
i don't see any difference
maybe some people could
i can't tell that it does anything for my skin
it's not even good
didn't notice a difference with either product.
it doesn't smell like anything
the hype is not real
wish i could've given it a chance
didn't do anything besides burn my face.
i don't really think this did anything at all
unfortunately, this mask didn't deliver for me.
as this doesn't work for everyone
didn't see a change in my skin
i guess this mask is fine
i didn't react poorly to it
i can't justify spending money on it
i think my skin just didn't like it
don't know what the problem is
i don't understand all the hype.
this one didn't do anything
i really didn't notice any kind of change
unfortunately, this was not the case.
decided to try something else instead that would give me even better results
i don't know if it's the product in itself
can't ask for miracle since it doesn't contain chemicals i guess
it didn't break me out
it definitely didn't help with anything
this didn't do anything for my skin
there's really nothing about it that is rave worthy
the smell doesn't bother me all that much
i can't even say that my skin feels softer afterwards
it isn't the miracle worker everyone seems to have an experience with
this product did nothing for my face.
i wasn't expecting a miracle by any means
i just found that it literally did nothing
didn't notice any effect at all
see no difference in any of these things
it didn't help my concerns
this didn't quite do it for me
can't say i've noticed any differences
unfortunately i found that it did nothing for my dark circles
can't say it would help someone who does
this doesn't do that.
there are some fine lines that i do want to take care of
maybe i'm not old enough to be using this product yet
did nothing for my dark circles
i can't say that the product did anything
it just didn't do anything for me
i didn't notice any difference
didn't do anything for me.
i don't think it actually works at all.
it's not a miracle worker.
it didn't do for me
because i did not see any results
this product just didn't do anything for me
this one was just not for me
not wanting to waste any
it doesn't work for me
honestly, it doesn't go away.
you think it's gone
you realize it's still there
wouldn't use it if i was paid to.
can't wait until it's finished
i do not recommend it
it hasn't done anything bad to my face
i can't say that i'm seeing any kind of difference after two months of years
it did no harm to my skin
just did nothing at all
t is not just me
unfortunately not this one
i just don't think this is working miracles for me
i find myself coming back to the reviews to see what it's supposed to be doing to my skin because i just don't know if it's doing anything
this is not doing anything major for me
it's disappointing nobody can figure out how to make an effective
it didn't do anything
it's very expensive item when it lasted only about two month didn't see any improvement
it bothers me so much that i cannot st
unfortunately this is not it
this does not do that.
that wasn't the case at all
so i could only wear this product with no makeup.
the reason why i give it 3 stars is the smell.
it did nothing to my skin
this is not for you
i wanted to like it
i didn't notice any difference after using this for a little over a week
not sure why this didn't work at all for me since most people seem to have such good luck with it
it did nothing to my face
46$ for moisturizer that doesn't really work for me isn't something i'm willing to shell out for
it just doesn't seem to accomplish much even if the experience of using it is nice
maybe i used it wrong
didn't see much of a difference in my skin.
i didn't pay for it ill give it 3 stars
honestly gives about the same effect
i didn't return it.
this product did none of that
or if you're like me
this product did not do it for me either!
this product isn't what i expected
it's not something i reach for a lot.
didn't do anything for my acne other than made me feel clean
it does all the things it claims
knew it wouldn't wash that off
that didn't even happen
in the end it did not deliver like i wanted it too
using this didn't seem to do much
it does not seem to do much
didn't see much improvement
thought this would make a difference
but it did nothing for my appearance.
in places i dont normally break out
i made the mistake of trying to use it with my clarisonic
i do not see many results by way of cleansing
you'll need to use something else.
this did not work for me
it should do it's job well
tried it for a week and did not see any results.
it didn't get anything off
it doesn't seem to have any at all
it also didn't feel like it did much of anything.
this is not that product
i am not convinced this does anything
i didn't really see any difference in using this.
this was not one of them
but honestly it had no result showing on my face.
did not see any difference on my face
no need to purchase it did nothing for my face
doesn't do anything amazing either so the odds are if your going to buy it expect nothing extraordinary to happen even with continued use it just makes you feel like your doing something for yourself al
i didn't really notice much of an effect on my skin either
it really doesn't do anything
i am not sure about that
i don't see much difference on my face
it might work for others just not for me.
sad it didn't work i usually like caudalie :(
no, i do not see a difference in my eyelids.
so for that reason i didn't see major changes to my eye area
it also didn't irritate my eyes at all.
i wanted to love this since it's so expensive
something i hadn't considered--that part of the problem of my irritated eyes was the skin *around* them
first of all i don't think a cream can actually make anyone's dark circles go away
i cannot tell if its making a difference!!
cant say i've noticed much of a difference
i didn't feel anything
so maybe that is the problem
but, it does nothing!
i am not sure i am willing to spend that much money again to see what it can actually do
didn't see much difference
am using it until it's gone
i swear i now have some that weren't there before
it didn't work for me at all
this one does not give what i wanted
does not lift anything even if i am only 33
i will say that it doesn't sting my eyes at all though
i didn't like the packaging either.
i did not see any difference with this
it did not help with any of my dark spots
this has not lightened at all from what i can tell
have not noticed anything
this literally does nothing.
doesn't work fast at all thank god sephora gives samples bc i will not be buying this
some dont react at all
i could not get passed the smell of this thing!
this was beyond anything
do not waste your money on it.
i don't see any difference
i wish it would have worked, but alas, no.
this didn't really work for me
i could not find anything to get rid of it
i see no difference at all
when i don't see a difference i give up
i wouldn't mind that if it was effective.
i do not see a difference
maybe i have not given it enough time
i am afraid that i can no longer return the product
i wasn't expecting a big different from only one bottle
i did expect to see something at least
i didn't notice any effect from using this product
it's done nothing for me
because i haven't seen it do anything
i would not recommend this product if you know of an alternative please let me know
i know people who have acne
this is not a quick fix
again besides it's over priced for a product that's does not wrk sighhh
this product does not work
it did not work at all
if you buy this i hope it does work for your skin
it's too soon to tell
i used up the bottle anyway
didn't think it would be a problem
this product did not work for me at all!
i wish i could give this product no stars.
little did i know that meant alienating other people
it didn't clear up my face .
this didn't make it worse
didn't make it better
this hype isn't real.
i didn't like this
and that's why i actually bought this product.
there must be something in murad products that doesn't like my skin because i had the same reaction to the clarifying cleanser
i guess i'm going to stay away from murad.
unfortunately i was one of the few that this cleanser didn't really work well for
didn't give me a more even skintone like it says
i also can't really vouch that it made my skin smoother
didn't have to keep adding water to it to make it gentle enough for me
i don't recommend you do that if you have sensitive skin cause i did that
i wanted to like this one
i don't think it took all my makeup off either.
and it does not move all makeup.
couldn't get it off
i guess i'm the odd duck here
it did not take my makeup off
did not like this at all
if it wasn't for the packaging would be 4 stars
that never happens to me
i didn't change anything else in my daily routine
it just doesn't work for me
didn't clear up any acne
didn't see it really helping with my break outs
it has not done a thing
this didn't help one bit :(
i didn't see any results
i will say though
it did wonders for my skin type
this did nothing for it
i didn't see any changes on my skin
it did nothing for my acne
i don't recommend it!
don't know if its the packaging or what
it's difficult to say if this product is helping or hurting because i seem to have the same results with any other cleanser i use
did not help to clear blemishes--it broke me out
asked them what they recommend
when i told them i was using this they told me to stop because my skin type wasn't meant for this product
this didn't make me break out per say.
if i do get any acne
this product did not agree with it
think that i am going to stop using it cuz my skin couldnt be worse
this product was nothing
you may want to skip on this product
really tried not to over-do it
i wouldn't say it doesn't work
it didn't really do anything to help with my acne
doesn't do what it says
it didn't help me with my acne
wont repurchase this anymore
unfortunately, this is not it.
the claim that it's good under makeup did not work for me
this did nothing for me.
it doesn't work at all
it doesn't really do anything for my lines
maybe i need to use the whole container before i see anything
it's not a bad product
i can't say it's a really good one either
it not only doesn't do anything close to what they claim
couldnt have been more wrong
i agree with other reviewers that this product does not live up to its hype
do not be fooled by the positive reviews--they are probably fake
which i didn't mind per say
there just isn't anything special about it
this isn't that at all
i guess its supposed to take off makeup.
maybe it's just me!
do not like it at all
the bad thing is there not a lot of product for how much you're spending
i can't say i've noticed any improvement in my skin since using it
or something like that
i don't see any real benefits to this product
over all not a bad product
doesn't really do that
i think that the price is just way too outrageous for how little product you get
so, let's be fair.
i can't quite describe it.
i didn't see any improve with my dark circles
it did nothing for my face
i've heard a lot of people say they love this
not under makeup either
i mean just by itself
maybe it just didn't work for my skin type.
i do like to use this alone on no makeup days.
that may not be what everyone wants
i didn't really care of the scent.
maybe not for everyone
unless i wear it alone, it pills badly.
doesn't feel like it does any "lifting."
didn't pay $66 for it because i would be even more upset
it doesn't work anyway waste of money
doesn't help me at all
overlooked the price this one time believing this product could work for my skin--not
although i didn't see much of a change in my skin
i did not like the consistency on my face
no matter how much i tried to wash it off it just wouldn't budge
it didn't brighten either
i really didn't like this product.
it is almost impossible to get the product out.
nor did it seem like i had better results with the nuface tool
doesn't really deliver an even stream
i didn't see a difference
which did many things for my skin
so what is the point of this product or ridiculous price tag if it does not do its job?
don't waste your money or time trying this.
i didn't really know what to expect since this is my first "melting" cleanser
