then i noticed the cheeks became dry while the t-zone was stilly oily
then pores and blackheads were coming out.
it's about a little three inch square glycerin bar with no soap dish
by 11:00pm this moisturizer had clumped up on my skin
my face was covered in "indigo" balls of this clumped up product
i also feel like this tones down the redness around my nose
used after a peel mask
tery cream that left my sky feeling oily
not oily or combo
it almost felt like i was rubbing lard on my face
left my skin feeling rubbery after i removed it
leaves a sticky blueish film on my face
particles in the air was attack to my skin feeling oily
angry acne scars on my face have faded to a light brown
it made my skin oily and caused a few breakouts.
it is like spreading half-congealed adhesive on your face until it sinks in
my face will stick to my pillowcase
a bit too thick for my oily skin
not only left my skin with a weird coating
i would be left with a bluish/purplish tinge on certain parts of my face where i apparently didn't rub it in enough
i did give it two stars because it does soothe redness
tery texture that just cannot absorb into my oily-combination skin
my eyes were puffy
as the mask dried
it is super thick and goopy and hard to apply.
the residue makes my skin feel oily even after rinsing
it doesn't help with pores or blackheads.
the included application brush is a good touch.
dead skin patches weren't peeled at all
my skin did look smooth after peeling offf
blackheads were still there
it stings my skin a bit.
i love me some peel off masks
i couldn't stomach the intense alcohol scent seeping into my pores
it left my skin feeling a bit sticky.
it remained as a sticky
tacky layer on the top of my skin that could be kind of peeled/ pulled off
ncredibly sticky on my face
it's a sticky gel-like consistency
i noticed my cheeks started to get red
i can get red around my cheeks sort of a minor dermatitis you could say
it feels similar to a sticky lip gloss
it makes my hair stick to my face
didn't help my redness or sensitive skin
made my skin so greasy and oily.
by the end of the day my face got excessively oily
oily in the t-zone
i found it produced an itchy
felt like a gunk of nothing.
have a faint line developing on my forehead
the pimples were gone
a few days after using i noticed little pimples on my face like my pores were really enlarged with excess sebum
i don't deal with dark under eye circles or puffy eyelids
pustule pimples right under eyelids
removed those puffiness or dark circles from lack of sleep
i don't have puffiness under my eyes
this is a thin eye cream.
this cream made my eyes very itchy
there's a thick oily film on my t-zone
my face went back to it's normal level of oiliness
it feels light but also waxy.
it's not actually waxy
moisture rich face cream
my skin loves moisture, but this is just grease.
i actually have patches of flaking skin now.
it leaves my face looking slick
dehydrated skin like mine
it left some discoloration even with putting on half the dose
saw some redness forming underneath
i tried to use this on my lips
at home was the tingling sensation
i tried wetting them with water
plus anything under 4-5squirts the pad barely sticks
de-puffed around my eyes
i found that greasy
it goes on blotchy and patchy.
it often peeled off in clumps
it has a horrible sticky texture
filler at my smile lines
brow in years past
the 2 silk pillowcases i immediately bought said right on the label "facial beauty pillowcase"
i don't have sagging skin or jowls.
it was like rubbing thick
stinky water on my skin
after it has been on your face for a few minutes it turns ashy
i wake up with a very oily face???
i instantly hated it due to the greasy texture
it is a little greasy on my oil skin
greasy on my face
except that my pores are visibly clogged
begining to see lines on my forehead
it didnt plump or fill out my skin
it makes fat granules under eye area
she applied it on my skin during a mini facial
haven't had any peeling skin or flakiness that i typically get with retinol products
i am 28 years old with some fine lines on my forehead
i get some breakouts on my chin area
acne chin is still a thing
immediately went flaccid into a liquid
this exfoliator has made mi skin goes red with pimples
this cleanser completely dried out my skin.
it's a great scrub leaves my face squeaky clean
does help with my oily skin in the morning
ie black heads on nose
chin or minor breakouts
it left my face with a soapy residue
i deal with oil skin and large nose pores.
even clogged my pores after a couple uses
patchy around my mouth
dry patches, flaking, redness and acne!!
dryness around my mouth
developed a weird texture on my forehead from it
which is a little too watery for a mud based product
left imprints around patches
exchanged for the 24 karat eye patches
the patches left giant creases around my eyes
the rollerball is miserable at dispensing the product
tugs at your eyes
my eyes would be puffy
leaves flakes all over your skin
everything started clumping/flaking off
i found it sticky
my face looks like my skin peeled
ter clumped all over my face
as in it peeled of my face.
if i rubbed my h
the cream rubs off easily with or without makeup.
it clogged my pores so badly
it pilled on my face
unfortunately it pilled on my skin
i got dry spots on my upper lip and cheek.
it was like a layer of glue on my face
applied it over a freshly cleaned/dried face
pilling off of my forehead
am prone to clogged pores
it would flake off
the "flakes" looked a lot like eraser flakes after you've erased something on paper
-laced goo on my face
the scrubbing grains are far too coarse for my skin
it's like putting blobs of lotion on your face
this mask is thick and sticky.
does freshen the skin due to the scrub
gently rubbing caused my skin to have microcuts
if you like rubbing raw honey
sugar in the raw on your face
i normal to oily skin, with slightly sensitivity.
create pimples at first
i used it with clarisonic brush
i've tried a lot of different cleansers since my skin is prone to being oily
my blackheads were darker
acne scars the mask hasn't done anything to stop acne
i felt a little tingling sensation around my mouth when applied
less than 5 minutes of putting this goop on
almost alcohol or fermented smelling
smeared it on the pore areas
oily instead of giving it a glow
i tried applying it with a brush
it made my makeup melt off of my skin
the blackheads on my nose look much worse
isn't for oily skin
it clogged up my pores
this locks moisture in
it won't help if your lips are chapped
my lips started peeling
my lips felt gross
the texture is too thin and oily for me.
however it does help with my cuticles
it just gets so oily and gross.
is neither slick nor sticky
this product clogged my pores
the pimples are literally in lines from my brow-bone to around my mouth on both of my cheeks
it's smears on the skin
roller balls are not sanitary
even when my hair was dry it was stringy
i would only use this oil for hair or body
made my hair too greasy
dry skin on my elbows
deep condition your hair
on my face the oil felt greasy
melted during the day
my legs looked shiny
it is thick and messy.
the oils just clogged my pores
when i war this it made my forehead break out however it made my cheeks
my face became itchy
the texture when applied is greasy
it leaves a sort of almost slimy residue
too oily to try to use on face
the gel wears off
a waxy film was left on my skin
very sticky and tacky on skin when applied.
it burned the skin around my eyes when i used it to make my eyes less puffy
kind of made my skin itch
it did leave a waxy residue behind which was a bit strange
it left my skin feeling a little sticky.
as you start rubbing it in it smells like one of those kraft singles pieces of cheese
i mean old glue mixed with b
le the sticky film your face gets when it absorbs into your skin
tacky on my skin after a few seconds
left a gross waxy film on my face
waxy feeling seconds after drying
waxy mask that is excruciatingly uncomfortable on the skin
leaves a sticky tacky heavy residue that hurts to attempt to blend into the skin
it's peeling off into little balls
traps oil in your pores
i could only use it at night to avoid a shiny forehead
acne on my forehead
sometimes on my cheeks
it also didn't do much for the oil on my forehead or nose
i am 30-years-old and have very oily skin.
unfortunately this moisturizer clogged my pores.
it made my skin super oily
when i saw they made lotion just for acne/oily skin i was sold
this stuff made my oily skin even more oily
it also caused texture underneath my skin.
oily on my skin
makes my face oily
tree tea blemish lotion from body shop worked way better
my t-zone area still got oily / shiney which this claims to prevent
i noticed that my face gets very oily as time passes
either steaming your face or pressing a towel soaked in warm water to your face before masking gives better results than this
the spray nozzle on this is horrible
to go out for a facial
my bottle sprayed evenly although it did take a few spritzes to get everywhere on my face
i patted it in
one annoying thing is the nozzle
i might as well have misted some water on my face before masking
make my eyes water
my skin was red
pat the liquid onto your face
rinse off your mask
or possibly just spritzing water over your face before applying the mask
wringing the water out
the spray on the bottle is terrible
from sheet masks to mud masks to cream masks to gel masks
which i use more because of my oily skin type
it left my skin feeling so tacky and sticky.
it smells like eyelash glue.
did not strip my otherwise combination to oily dehydrated skin
just leaves this oily film on your skin
mine also smelled putrid when i washed my face.
it also left all my makeup stuck on my face wash brush even after i tried to wash the brush with the face soap
it clogged my pores
made the blackheads on my nose worse
though it sometimes requires a bit more scrubbing with waterline eyeliner
it almost feels like it leaves a coat of wax on my face
my skin would be soft after rinsing it off
my fingers can't glide over my face as i rinse.
rub the skin as i'm trying to wash it off
gave me majorly chapped lips
would work for more oily skin types
as if felt like rubbing jelly all over my face
this moisturizer left my skin very sticky
it left my skin very sticky
this moisturizer left my face feeling sticky
unrecognizable ingredients in their products these days
wouldn't recommend for oily skin types.
i prefer a thick consistency
i like my creams to be a little more runny
seeing as it's marketed towards combo/oily skin
when i patted my cream on
my skin is bumpy
cause me to breakout in little bitty bumps on my forehead
even some tiny whiteheads
when i heard about the benefits that including a facial oil to my oily
noticeably clogged my pores when i used it
its like putting veggie oil onto your skin.
i kept rubbing into my skin
it smelled like wet dog.
i am irritated by the scent
this product smelled like it had gone rancid
this oil didn't enhance the oiliness to my face
know this is causing the flakiness on my cheeks
it did lighten my dark circles however the step 2 turned into a weird waxy consistency after a while
i washed my face
i patted the product in then tapped my concealer
gently over top of it
the product didn't work it just clumped the concealer
my skin looks even more oily
my skin type is normal to oily.
it made my skin look oily
it burnt my skin
unfortunately after using it for 3 days it burns my cheeks
blotchy with red dots
dryness all over my cheeks
leaves your skin feeling sticky
this made my combination leaning towards oily skin straight up dry
leaves a sticky/tacky residue
i get tiny little bumps on my forehead
peel the skin off your face
my forehead is dry again after an hour
if i touch my under eye area it immediately causes puffiness
you unscrew the cap
to my nose it smelled like the oil was rancid or gone bad
bad for removing mascara.
it removed my facial makeup ok
had trouble with my waterproof eye makeup
i love the facial oil from this line
the seaberry cleansing oil removed it all with no residue or stickiness
glass tub comes with a cheap plastic spatula.
my skin is combination and more on the oily side.
my skin was so oily it took two face washes to rid it of the excess oil
it also made me breakout with tiny bumps all over my cheeks
'm using it as my neck cream
the instructions say to apply 1-2 droppers into palm
there was plumping under my eyes
does nothing for puffiness.
it helps to de-puff my undereye
it literally comes off into styrofoam pellets with the slightest touch or swipe
i don't like dipping my fingers into my lotions
it feels silicone-y once it dries
i'd rather have under-eyes on the drier side than chunks of concealer missing from under my eyes
glowing when i washed it off
it won't work for acne pigmentation or dark spots
to me it just smells/feels like i'm smearing canola oil all over my face
this mask left small red bumps on my cheeks
super oily in the summer/fall plus r
i only sprayed a layer of pure rose water before this
: i don't have acne prone skin i just suffer from dryness
tad bit greasy cream
this grass smell lingers for a while
after applying it i looked like a hot, oily mess.
i tried using a brush for the highlighter
i found that it made my skin sticky
is way too dark for a bare nude for my skin tone
loved the pore vanishing stick
the flip cap touch-on-shimmer was a bit dark for my complexion to be used as a highlighter
i do use the flip cap highlight on my cheekbones
i looked like an oil slick
i used this as a body glow on my legs
use only a little across your cheeks
it was just a thick cream
i love foamy face wash
my face was white
white patches like i had a bunch of acne cream on
it would start peeling
left my skin sticky
i used this on my forehead
where i tend to get oily
it gave my forehead red spots
little whiteheads on my cheeks
my always clear forehead
it leaves me oily after about 5 hours.
the feeling of my oily spots becoming even more oily
i am normal skin/oily t-zone
more little granules on my skin
this cream clogged my pores
found it to be sticky
i will return to the black tea cream.
my nose is peeling
everytime i applied the gel i felt a burning sensation on my upper cheeks
better for oily skin.
i would only recommend this to someone with oily/very oily skin
i'd recommend this to those with normal-oily skin types
nose can get pretty oily by mid-day
the face cream dried out her skin
oily zones- no problem at all
i reapplied 4 times a day just on cheeks
a basic light one for oily skin
this product is good for oily skin
my skin is typically oily
this leaves my skin with a vaguely sticky residue
absorbs quickly however it leaves a tight shiny residue on my skin
the scent coats your entire face
makes my eyes water
it really clogged my pores
would moisturize my combo dry/oily
ruff with an accident brush of a finger
i rinsed my face off as well.
licked it all off
my face felt filmy
unclean after i washed it off
barely even foamed up.
it is a green slime that you rub onto your face
the consistency is really runny
good for oily and combination skin type!!
dont expect some thick foam to develop
then rubbed it into my skin like a cleaner
i still had waterproof makeup smudges from the night before on my skin
peeled off like dried glue 10 minutes after applying
it started to flake off
it is a watery gel consistency
i already have crepe like skin under my eyes
i wouldn't recommend for already wrinkled skin
i just have some puffiness
this product is runny, and liquid like a toner.
my skin was an oily mess
caused a few clogged pores
the lotion is really runny which makes it hard to pour it out of the bottle
it was sticky on my face
01 oz i barely use quarter of a teaspoon morning
i don't like "smelly" products
your skin feels sticky
because i was wrinkling it up because i could not stop sneezing due to the smell
no oily residue at all
it helped with my redness
made my skin wet red
it almost looked like sunburn
the packaging was awful- the pump just squirted everywhere
this cleanser dried my face out
it was slowly causing me to get stubborn acne
i get patches of seborrheic dermatitis around my mouth every fall
the eyeliner was dried up couldn't use it
the eyeliner had about 1/3 of an inch of dried up greyish eyeliner
this is last years anastasia mini brow pencil
brow gel all over again
that had an empty brow pencil
left my undereyes a shiny slippery oily mess.
mascara was more of a blue than black.
now for the liner pencil.
eye cream was good, not oily at all!
or it only comes with about 5 milimeters of eyeliner
without the sticky feeling
my skin looks red and almost irritated.
when i apply tinted bb cream after it
also made face a bit oily
i don't have oily skin
my skin itches and constantly feels dry.
i also developed little white bumps under my bottom lip
like baby butt smooth.
i awoke with an oily t-zone.
sticky finish on your face
as soon as it gets on my oily skin
soon after though all of my pores on my cheeks
i went for eyebrow threading
my forehead looked plump
after several days of using it i started to notice tiny little pimples starting to form on my forehead
hence my pores getting clogged
forehead that i've never had before
cause tiny little bumps all over my forehead
after applying a thin layer on my face it would throughout the day peel off if i touched my skin
my forehead appeared shiny
i noticed that my cheeks
forehead started to have many needle tiny bumps
it made my skin so so oily
greasy around my nose
you could've deep fried my face!
what an oily mess!
it leaves a white residue on the face
using it on my throat
then i tried applying my makeup with a brush or fingers instead of using my beauty blender
is packed with skin irritants
by the way, my skin is oily, i have acne bumps.
plus the bottle is very thick glass
the plastic bottle is thick
this does nothing for pores or skin discolorations
wore it by itself it will eventually become oily
also it smells like bug spray.
i didn't feel any moisture seeping in my skin
the fact that water droplets form when you smooth
this moisturizer leaves your skin feeling sticky
allows your face to get oily
this product feels like straight up silicone.
its like a thickish face primer consistency when you first squeeze it out
my face felt sticky
or for someone who is all over oily
this is not for combo or oily skin
will use as a hand lotion at my desk.
i washed my face as normal
freaked out because of the freaking water droplets
it did not help with smoothness or discolouration
it almost feels sticky
smells like alcohol with an after smell slightly resembling nail polish remover
my face feels itchy
i feel like a grease slick.
it may have also given me oily skin
it actually kinda stung around my nose/lip area.
i even gently massaged on a first layer
unlike other sleeping masks
causes me to have redness
irritation around eye/nose areas
makes my eyes water
within a couple hours my forehead was a shiny
this did nothing for my eyelids.
i also find that it makes my eye make up cakey which adds to the crepiness of my eyelids
left them a little crusty
this was in a lip balm type sampler tube
dragged the skin beneath my eyes
it does take the puffiness out of my eyes
sensitivity above my cheekbone
this is in a container like lipstick/chap balm would be
tugs at the delicate skin around the eye area during application
definitely de puffs my ugly puffy bags
i still have puffiness
do like the tingling sensation
my tired puffy eyes
this product is like gliding a balm of water under your eyes
it is sticky once applied to the skin
lotions i've tried are thick
add to that acne scarring
i've tried charcoal bars before
it is like brick chalk
makeup layers horribly over it
even making my skin look oily at times
will stick with the black gel.
it felt sticky on my face
saw some dark spots on my forehead from the summer sun
this is not for oily skin due to its oily texture
the oily sensation does not disappear after applying
felt like i was splashing lemon juice all over my face
it's flaking around my lips
neck when applied using the korean patting technique versus rubbing it in
any excess get rubbed into my h
not oily or heavy
little white beads that you smush
it dried out my skin and showed all of my pores.
overpriced for facial paste!
this product is thin and sticky.
sometimes it flakes or rubs off after a couple hours
since this product is a sticky gel texture it dries to a thin film on top of your skin
it oxidized it very red
my skin is very oily
almost feels like applying clear liquid glue.
i still felt like my forehead
nose were shiny by noon or before
"patting" it into my skin
found it irritating to my skin
made me more oily
it left a shiny gleam on my skin so that i looked very oily
this stuff is thick
stop being sticky/tacky on my skin
it feels like glue going on
it also drips into my mouth
pour it into a mini spray bottle
it helps a bit with redness
i suspect it would work well on normal/oily/combination skin
my skin was still oily and shiny.
smeared it all over my t-zone
after several minutes blotting with paper towels i looked human again
dryer areas on cheeks
i get as oily, or even oilier using this.
my skin is actually flaking on my nose after i cleanse
it made the foundation on my forehead separate
did absolutely nothing to blot oil or prevent oiliness
oily to the point i have to blot about every thirty minutes
i think it made my skin more oily because of how thick the product was on my skin
saw how oily my akin
it is chalk full of dimethicone which i don't like
trying to use these blot drops to blot made my foundation patchy
when i put it over foundation it made it splotchy
i tried blotting it on when i was looking oily
this does nothing for oily skin!
my forehead was just as oily even after application
stick with blotting papers.
my skin was still as oily with this product as it is without it
my skin was 10 times oily
around my nose i can get oily
dabbed the oily spots
i do notice some shimmer particles on my face after applying it
your face goes back to being oily
nothing is a match for my oily skin
dullness or pore size
after washing my face
firm or contour my eyes
his under eye skin looks smother
with small spots on my forehead
it was too thick to sink into my skin despite using a tiny amount
this cream does have a whipped consistency
hygienic since you don't need to use your fingers or a spatula to get the product out
clogged my pores and made them worse.
feels greasy/gross on my face
my face feels sticky for a while
locks moisture into your skin
i don't have dry or oily skin
only had that greasy lotion feeling for about 30-45 seconds
it has a whipped texture
my face is flaking
how does this go about control oiling when it wipes off?
clay masks that do a better job of blotting oil
it just feels like slathering a glittery bb cream on my face
it just exacerbated the oiliness
powder covered up the glowy sheen
i suspected it was causing some pimples
smelled on my skin
this product made my skin oily
and it literally made my face a grease trap.
dark under eye circles
lasted that day when i removed it my face was bright red flaming hot irritating
for it to give me the a thin coverage veil
minicrater of my orange peel face
it makes my pores itch
especially around the hairline where i sweat a little
my t-zone became oily
make my already oily/combo skin look worse
the smell combined with the oily texture of the moisturizer feels really invasive to my skin
like rubbing motor oil on my face.
the start of droopy eyelids
it leaves stains everywhere.
i think it was causing texture issues on my chin
it made my face super oily
i agree with the review that said shards of glass
not at all oily
mainly it just felt like a velvet coating on my face
doesn't leave a greasy sheen or anything
doesn't blend in well-left my skin sticky then dry-made for oily skin
i felt like i was rubbing hair pomade all over my face
it was a thick paste i wanted to wash off immediately
it smells like glue
it did blur out my pores a little near my nose
it smells like i'm putting glue or nair hair remover on my face
i needed a thicker face cream
left my skin feeling sticky all day
this has a thick, matte primer-like finish.
i run combination to oily
it feels like a sticky wax
it made the makeup peel in little chunks of makeup
pores looked the same
it also smells like glue
did it saw it was for oily skin
feels like a layer of plastic
my face was an oil slick
maybe it's better suited for ashy ankles
it completely dried out my skin so that my cheeks started peeling little flakes
it made my makeup patchy around my nose
all about eyes eye cream
all about lips under every lipstick/liquid lip/gloss/tinted balm product i wear
it will clog your pores
especially across my cheeks
it's a super thick moisturizer that almost felt like it was getting crumbly while i was rubbing it in
texture on my forehead
was shocked to see how dry my forehead looked
rolls up kinda like rubber cement
it is so thick
it made my face oily
little white bumps on my cheeks as well
peeling patches on my chin
the product was thick
it gets a little sticky as it absorbs
having young skin with some acne
mainly on my chin
it is not meant for oily skin
it was super thick
then becomes oily on my skin
especially on my chin
my pores all over my face became clogged
sticky for my skin
it goes on sticky
previously oily getting drier as i age
however after using this for 3 days my forehead it covered in little tiny bumps
in my opinion in smells like a baby's powdered bottom
the applicator brush is a great little add on.
but i found this product streaky and sticky.
after applying it to my skin it literally felt as if i had a layer of grease on my skin
nose get very oily
tried this as a sample as i have oily acne prone skin
tons of silicones in it that caused clogged pores all over my face
this moisturizer made my skin very oily within a few hours
it remained really sticky/tacky in the oiliest spots on my face
it made my skin even more oily
powder it no longer feels sticky
after a week my pores are super clogged
still it didn't absorb into my oily skin
this product on my face was so sticky
it is a little sticky
like a mixture of iceberg lettuce
felt like sticky glue on my face
it is a bit sticky.
i didn't care for the gold sheen because it made my forehead look shinier
there are gold flakes
the consistency was thick
almost like watered down glue
i found this product to be too watery to be called a gel
mostly oily in the summer
each time i've ended up with a huge red itchy blotch
it made me so oily it felt like i had slathered a layer of olive oil on my face
even on oily skin like mines
the product was intended for oily/combination skin
it made my skin very oily
it also felt sticky
i never get breakouts on my cheeks
it smelled line sewage water!
then it is sticky
my face was immediately shiny
even with a dusting of powder
i love the lip balm
found that this always left a thin layer of sebum behind
the exfoliating particles weren't big or dense enough to actually slough off my dead skin
never had issues with acne aside from an occasional small hormonal pimple
i stupidly believed it was purging the impurities
oily acne prone skin
rather than the little abrasive beads trying to exfoliate my skin
i like that this mask is a peel off
while i'm applying the fumes that smell like alcohol burns my eyes
definitely for someone with oily skin.
putting this mask on was like huffing rubbing alcohol
between the watery eyes
minima dead skin removal
you have to put a thick coat on to have it peel off nicely
even like the boscia black mask
for someone with very oily skin
it literally made my skin peel
it has glitter specks which i hate
metallic looking stuff dries but does not peel.
my skin was so red
had to remove with wash cloth
my pores were dark
no peeling at all.
might as buy glue
slathered it on the second time
stuff like pore strips
the smell was hash
i couldn't get parts off without scraping with my nails so ultimately i used a cotton pad soaked in facial oil to remove the rest of it
my face now is dried completely out, red and raw.
the liquid's fume irritated my eyes
the fumes were irritating
i tried to peel it off
it hurt my skin to peel off
i love peeling mask
the alcohol odor was like a shot of vodka right under my nose
i decided to try to gently shake the bottle
residues of night cream or sleeping mask
it seems to clog my pores.
because i love a mud mask
it leaves behind a waxy texture
oily 6 hours after applying the product
puffy under eye bags
my skin is combination/oily
the cream was thick
it would peel off
i even mixed a half squirt of this with a half squirt of my normal moisturizer
neck cream for about a month
make my skin so oily
s feel like i've mushed around in elmer's glue after applying to my face
i woke up to whiteheads on my cheeks
now i have a breakout on my forehead
oil removed visible impurities from my face-i could see black staff
it smeared make-up all over my face
it also burns/ made my eye water.
mascara spread all over my face
it left an oily film behind
my skin felt sticky
every time i wear it i get small pimples/bumps dotting around my face
after 2 months i only noticed it smoothed out some of my forehead lines
a bit oily in the t-zone
its so runny and has a fragrance i don't like.
the product felt sticky on my h
i would describe my skin as oily to very oily in the summer time
i also never get acne on my cheeks
this didnt make me oily
leaves your skin rough
its a very runny formulation
that feels sticky on the skin
i found this left a sticky residue.
left my hands and face feeling sticky.
my skin still feels sticky/tacky
it's also very runny
makes my skin feel sticky and oily.
i got this because i have oily skin
my face look so shiny/oily
i still get oily around my t-zone except my chin after about 2 hours
this product dried our my normally oily skin.
it irritated my skin
my neck had two red welts
after slathering on a few layers
flaky in some of my problem areas
makes my skin oily
it drys out my skin
my skin is still oily
like dead skin analogy
my t zone was so oily that i had to begin blotting
oily after just 1 hour.
plump on the skin
the formula stings the eyes
i find that it leaves a film of sorts on my skin after rinsing
it smells like cream shave.
the texture is so pasty
if you like having specks of glitter in your skin care
it sits like a sticky film on top of your face
the moisturizer turned into crumbles
2nd it has an intense pink sheen to it like i had put highlighter all over my face it was horrible
my pores were majorly clogged
puffy eyes or dark circles
i tried applying with my finger
it was just a gloppy mess that took a while to soak in with no "awakening" appearance or sensation
gagged at the scent
the white sebum that comes out of our piercings
this definitely clogged my pores
my problem is blackheads on my nose.
cover my clear skin in acne
my pores are clogged
my face was so oily when i was using it.
after using this i had 3 huge pimples on my chin
my skin started drying around my nose
it also smells terrible, and feels thick/oily.
most offensive is the smell which puts the martian toner stink to shame
it looks like i rubbed cooking oil into my h
even in areas i'm not oily in
claim to get rid of acne
because much like oatmeal that's bubbled over
getting the thick jelly like mask out
it is a jelly texture with chunks
this mask makes you feel like you're rubbing straight up orange jelly with pulp in it all over your face
upon using it i found it to be sticky
left my skin sticky.
the bridge of my nose
all the nasty little fruit chunks
the texture of the mask is disgusting
the fruit pieces were disgusting
i dont care for the clumps of "fruit" .
the chunks get stuck in your hairline
was like rubbing marmalade on my face.
chunky mess all over my face
blotchy when i washed the mask off
the chunks are all over my sink/bathtub
didn't like the gooey texture with the chunks of fruit
it felt like jam or like i was smearing orange marmalade over my face
i couldn't get past the sticky texture
it felt like smearing marmalade on my face!
e this mask on your face because the pulpy bits clump together
my face became sticky
is drying my combination/oily skin out
it just looks like i have brownish foundation on top of my rosacea red skin
applying it grosses me out because it felt like i was applying a jar of jelly
my skin turned red
blotchy right after using it
the large chunks of fruit in this mask make it unpleasant
this mask caused skin irritation
the chunky bits of orange peel were annoying to try
clear out of my bangs after rinsing my face
its feels sticky on the face.
i started to notice pimples
even deeper scars in my skin from acne
it start d pilling when i rubbed my face
i don't like the fact that it looked like i smeared a gold highlighter on my entire face
feels a little oily on my skin
made me sneeze and irritated my eyes.
oily after using it
the shimmer sticks awkwardly to my dry patches
leaves a film on my skin
it felt like i was using shiny glue under my eyes
it dries down to a shiny white film
tightens skin leaving it plump
it left my skin smooth
it's almost like white glue
you have to lay down a thick layer to peel this off
iridescent goop instead of the thick white that it used to
lay it on thick
thin layers did nothing
the thick layers cleared out congestion from pores
use a washcloth to gently scrub it off
the white peel off mask
that one is more for removing blackheads/dirt from your pores
prefer a mask that's a lot tougher at removing dirt/blackheads from my pores
i love the black mask
even with a thick layer
it dried my skin out more than black
this made my forehead break out a bit
it did make my skin glow right after peeling it off
actually left a greasy residue.
the texture of my skin can be compared to an orange peel
i can actually brush off some of the product off like eraser bits
the product was recommended for me by employee at sephora for my oily skin
my face gets oily again
i struggle with oily skin
i initially bought the crystal cleanser which dried me out horribly
my forehead is actually pretty oily
this somehow dried out my forehead
that was too much for my forehead
right now more on the oily side
flaking the next day
red irritated skin that felt like it was burnt
the dry patch on my chin hasn't felt this bad since i did a mask with "cinnamon" as an ingredient that my friend got me for my birthday
it went on feeling sticky
when you rinse it off
it rinse off clean
it turns into a thicker white cream as it heats up
i washed it off
started massaging the warming of the product immediately irritated my skin
the steam liquified it
a few acne bumps around my chin
after i washed this mask off
the smell is something between rancid bacon grease
i got tiny pimples all over
it burns my face.
in love that it's glass with a magnetic wooden top for the mini metal spatula
while the mask was on i thought my skin was burning from the mask irritation
it made me nauseous
i don't see any progress about my pimple on my chin :
even though i use a makeup removing towelette before washing
washes off my waterproof eye makeup
it only smeared my eye makeup even after using 2 pumps of it
chemical smell that lingers on and on.
massage with finger tip of water
no dryness or flaking.
i even rubbed in the oil as directed
biggest pet peeve is the heavy oily residue it left behind
felt like an silica slick facial primer left on face
i left the mask on the recommended 10 minutes before coating my magnet in tissue
afterward i was left with an oiliness
once removed it leaves a greasy layer over your skin
i rubbed it in like instructed however my skin felt dirty
leaves a wierd yucky oily feeling when removed
for someone who has oily skin i didnt like the feeling it left on my skin
i felt like a thick oil cream that went on my face
i hate residue on my face, as i have oily skin.
left my skin super oily for a couple of days after using the product
my problem was the product leaves a filmy
almost oil-slick-chemical-y-gritty slime on your skin that smells very iron-y
you rub in the hydrating part that is left on your face after the magnetic part is removed
i agree that the residue is thick
the residue was really thick
i washed it off
the residue left on my face after using the magnet felt like a layer of petroleum jelly
washed off the residue
the mask left a layer of silicone on my face
just a semi-greasy layer of silicone
i removed the excess product with witch hazel
the amount of tissues is annoying
i felt no tightening of my skin or pores
i found it messy with an oily residue.
you have to apply a rather thick coat
it leaves a slick residue on my skin that both times after a few hours i gently washed off
leaves an oily residue
to smear it on with
taking it off with a tissue wrapped over the magnet
i don't have the time to spread a mask on my face with a tiny spatula
don't let the magnet pick up a thick layer of iron from your face onto the tissue
you will have globs of iron dust all over your magnet that will not come off
if you're prone to breakouts with thick moisturizers
my skin was more oily
this mask is pure fun if you have the cash to spill on plastering moisture rich glue to your face
follow with coconut or olive oil
extreme texture all over my chin
this cleanser manged to irritate both my dry cheeks
i woke up with scaly skin on my cheeks
this caused me terrible whiteheads all over my forehead
some on my chin
normally i have a majorly oily forehead while the rest of my face is combination
causing my forehead to be even more oily than normal
now, i have 3 big whiteheads on my chin.
which is odd since i have oily skin.
if you are super oily
dries out my skin :/ i have combo skin
my skin is all scaly from it :(
within 10-15 mins my combination skin cheeks were back to being dry-ish
it felt ok on my forehead
absorbs quickly without leaving a greasy sheen on my face
no oily residue as well
nose are an oil slick
my cheeks resemble the salt flats
felt like my face had a waxy film on it.
/or if you have oily skin
skin is a little tight, itches a bit.
it helped diminish the texture in my forehead
forehead which means i sort of have to use it as foundation
i found it dry and cakey.
it instantly looked caked on when i applied it using my fingers
have redness as is common in fair skinned people
it is so thick
they all look chalky on my face.
with a thick foundation brush
going back to the urban decay green color correcting concealer
it does remove redness
it definitely covers up any redness or acne scars
it covers the redness in my cheeks
it helps cover my redness
like brush my teeth
all pimples are gone
it goes on oily
after 3 months, it started to smell rancid.
smells like the grease you use to waterproof boots
also felt that i was getting wrinkles from the rubbing
even stubborn eye makeup
clogged pores of my life
this cleanser has caused me to have clogged pores in my forehead
straight up clogged pores and acne.
felt like i was smothering my face with coconut oil or crisco or something
washed my makeup off
it left a white cast on my face
i also this made my skin freak out on my forehead
it was a thick cream
a liquidy substance that i had to mix together before applying it to my face
aging skin with pores on the nose area
it left my skin so oily.
flaky once i put foundation on
i've tried shaking the tube
since it's so runny
disclaimer * i have very oily skin
it was like rubbing in a white sunscreen that left white all over the skin
product does nothing for eye puffiness.
that happens with few heavy / thick creams
this couldn't even hydrate the delicate undereye skin
i don't have dry eyelids or under eyes
overnight this does help with puffiness
i always have dark under eyes and puffiness.
the cream is thick
i don't have puffy eyes or dark circles
made my eyes look worse under concealer
my concealer creased worse than ever before
patted on the bye bye undereye cream
flakiness under my eyes
some puffiness under my eyes
it caused me breakouts around my chin
noticed pimples on my cheeks
a few along my jawline
maybe it clogged my pores
i never break out on my cheeks or forehead.
this made my face super oily
this moisturizer is to thick
sticky for my liking
i felt like a grease ball.
maybe it my combo to oily skin
it sits on top of my skin like a sticky film.
i started using for redness
blemishes all around my cheeks
i "melted" it in my h
after a couple days i noticed more red spots of clogged pores appearing
it is so thick
just use it on my legs to help with irritation from shaving
it did clog pores
i did get small break outs around my cheeks where my rosacea flares
oily spots got oilier
caused me to breakout along my nose creases
the redness or help with the blemishes
my cheeks are covered in bumpy
i will say as a moisturizer it is thick
although it is thick
it looks more like thin layer of good color over the redness
it does reduce the redness specially around my nose
it didn't reduce the redness
in fact the texture of it made my skin redder
it would remove all my redness
the cream had a white cast to it
i looked like i was sweating profusely
does it cover redness?
i'd take my redness over the nasty
oily mess that it gave me
unclean because in my experience the product was streaky unless blended out with something other than fingers
my skin is very oily
got this because i have a lot of redness on my cheeks
it really clogged my pores
this product is so thick
it felt so sticky and gross.
greasy on my face
moisturized without a flake in sight
the flaky skin passes
my skin felt a bit oily to the touch.
greasy on my face
i set it with a translucent powder after i apply
i don't have oily skin
greasy on the face
use cotton pads to remove it
it does nothing to cover my redness.
it takes a ton of redness out
it made my skin look dewey
did a good job covering the redness
for eliminating oily residue
this leaves charcoal residue in your pores which looks like blackheads
stick w the boscia makeup breakup cleansing oil.
the oil is too thick
tery feeling it leaves on the skin
when it's time to emulsify with water
it leaves behind an oily residue
i like the slip of the liquid
it felt gross it was sticky
making it difficult to spread without tugging at the gentle skin around my eyes
it removed the makeup from my skin
my white brush head is covered in makeup afterwards
it leaves a layer of wax on my skin after i add warm water
i feel you'd have to scrub it off with a muslin cloth to get the product off completely
it goes on thick
the balmy texture tugged at my sensitive skin too much
le wax on your face
it leaves my chin/forehead with peeling skin
it sticks to itself like dead skin after a face peel
because my skin is already oily
i've tried warming it with my fingers
it smells like old , wet grass.
just added to my already oily/combo skin
this product was so heavy and oily feeling.
my skin still felt oily
i wouldn't suggest this for oily skin
meets rotting fish in a pool of stagnant water
left my skin plump
almost vomited when i started rubbing it on my face
greasy on my skin
left an oily residue
it is thick and heavy feeling on the skin.
my pore got clogged
it did leave my skin a little oily
all of the copper colored part of the jar began to peel
cold-pressed miracle ingredient from the nile valley" was none other than common shea
melts on contact with the skin
the applicator rust literally including the hole by the cream gets out
the only thing i enjoyed was rubbing the applicator tip around my eyes
dab it on a troubled pimple area
it made the skin under my eyes flaky
the texture was slightly sticky
the oil lingers around my eye
very little foundation with a swipe of mascara
then it just kind of smeared it around
i still had melted mascara
streaked around my eyes
press a little under my eyes during the day if my concealer gets cakey
this oil clogged my pores
made my skin look dirty
since its coconut oil
it was so thick and gooey.
this stuff had a thick consistency
this was nothing like my normal "oiliness
otherwise, oily skin beware!
this product is like a paste.
while i was rubbing this in
i even exfoliated before i applied this
it smelled like a dirty floor or cardboard
gave me a white cast like sunblock
the redness calms down
even with a thick layer
put a few drops of argan oil in it
it leaves my face sticky to the touch
this moisture sits on top of your skin
massaged the oil onto my dry face
my face was a big grease slick
switch back to my salicylic acid wash
the soap was just a little too filmy feeling after rinsing
washed off with an actual cleanser
the bar of soap seemed to leave an almost waxy residue on my face
i didn't notice any additional oiliness on my face
when it was rinsed off
my face felt a little waxy
i'll stick to using my wipes to remove my makeup.
then i don't have a soap dish
i don't have oily skin
the bar soap dried my face like a typical bar soap
the oil smelled rancid
this is coming from a normal to oily skin girl
leaks if you don't store the bottle upright
almost too "squeaky clean"
the morning after i used the bar i noticed a small breakout on my forehead
i like a refreshing deep clean to remove the day's gunk from my face
i love the cleaning oil
the cleansing bar stripped my skin of its moisture
leaving it "squeaky clean"
the cleansing oil made my cheeks red
after applying it the mask dried
it dried like a stain
after i rinsed it off there was green residue that looked almost like a thin film on my skin
it stains things it touches
while i was rinsing it off my face it stained my sink
it has caused me fat granule on my eye.
my upper eye skin looks crepey
makes my eye area look greasy
puffiness or dark circles
noticed i had dry flaky skin in the creases under my eyes
my face felt greasier than before i washed it
the scent that i washed it off
i found the salve to be kind of sticky
it keeps my ears soft and lubricated all day.
its essentially a petroleum jelly like consistency
then you have clumps of sparkle on your face in certain spots
sparkles exaggerating all your pores
it made my skin super oily
on its own it looked like i rubbed one of those frosty lip glosses from the 90's all over my face
i looked like the tin man!
maybe for a young girl with invisible pores
instead you can see little flecks of glitter
the sun hits my h
it left me looking oily and shiny.
it seemed to highlight my pores on my cheeks
my pores seemed to st
my arms looked like i had drenched them in a bucket of glitter glue
after i washed my h
i want the oily sheen again
until i went into some harsher light-its not sheen
then sat with makeup remover wipes
don't slather this all over your face
it clogged my pores
it looks like you dipped a brush in loose glitter
leaves your hands covered in sparkles.
it smoothed out my eyes
it is a thicker cream.
it didn't cause my concealer to slide off or crease
feels like slicking automobile oil on your skin.
dimethicone doesn't let your skin breath or sweat or shed dead skin cells
it completely glues bacteria
sebum etc into place on your face
after" effect of an eye cream
the cream is silky without being overly-oily
the visionnaire yeux – eye on correction
rub it underneath my eyes
i do on occasion have puffiness
this product clogged pores
it left my oily, pimple-prone face shiny/greasy.
started noticing some fine lines on my forehead
fine lines on my forehead from being so expressive
beyond that, it is peeling off and flaking.
the smell of this is somewhere between perm solution
fine lines between my brows
i don't have wrinkled skin yet
i've noticed that it caused breakouts in my chin
it moisturizes without being greasy
my skin felt like i had a thin layer of moisture after
it smells like public restroom soap
red patches on my chin
oily with dry patches
treated the redness dissipated
when i put it on it made my skin look super oily
it kinda starts peeling off
it’s not because it has an oily finish
when it started pilling
it made my skin oily after a couple hours.
having oily/combination skin
as i washed it off
when used on its' own it left a white powder residue
when i tried using it under makeup it made my foundation look cakey
it almost looked like dandruff (eww i know).
becomes oily within two hours
made me really oily
my face is an oil slick
made me so oily
then i end up looking all smudgy in the morning
my skin was covered with like a million little red bumps
with water became milky
the exfoliating beads disappear almost immediately
turn into small gel like beads
washed my face with it
it left these little gel/plasticy pills of residue on my face
it feels kind of waxy for lack of a better term when rubbing it on my face
it rinses off mostly clean
this left smooth skin
make me look like i had spray tanned my face
my skin just felt oily/greasy/clogged
a tingly/ itchy feeling between my top lip
i also noticed some skin peeling below my bottom lip
my skin was still flaking in some areas
that claim to sooth red
first off my skin is oily and acne prone.
i tried the makeup forever redness primer
this left my skin feeling "gummy"
so when my face turned into the texture of a lizard
also flaking so bad
it caked up under my powder foundation
this moisturizer also caused a new little tiny white head to pop up in a r
flaky skin in a few areas
me rubbing it in for 3 minutes
dryness along the side of my mouth
it would peel off
small red dots everywhere
oily at some spots
left my oily skin greasy.
applied it to my cheeks/chin area
did it fill in my pores?
it is ok at blurring pores
this product left a pale cast on my face
it made me look ashy
this had a more yellowy undertone that made my face look dirty
it is such a thick cream
oily in the mornings
it does make your pores smoothed down
an oily t-zone
other than blotting sheets
chin a couple hour after applying makeup
rather just use oil blotting papers
it made the foundation sticky
is a thin pink fluid
keeps me matte/less oily for a couple of hours
i first blot with a tissue to prevent the applicator from smearing my oily makeup around
within 30 minutes my skin was shinny and greasy.
looking squeaky clean shiny where the light reflects off the tip of my nose
i padded it lightly over my face
then when i rinsed it off
i normally have oily skin
makes my skin extra oily
this product is so thick
sticky on the skin
especially if you have oily skin
it made my skin very oily
leaves a residue on the surface of my skin that pills up when i rub my eyes or the skin around them after it dries down
it felt like i was just rubbing black soap on my face
when i rinsed of the mask my cheeks
forehead where super red
i used a fan to relieve the sensation of itchiness
little whiteheads would appear all over my forehead
i don't care for the grainy feeling of the chickpea flour
scaly after one use
stings like a bad sunburn
once i used this product it dried out my cheeks
even on my cheeks
it is a thin sheer yellowy mask.
washed it off and put on a facial oil.
occasionally i also do spot tca peels
this cleaned out the pores nicely.
i noticed dry patches on my cheeks
also this left my skin sticky after i used it
at first i thought it was my primer or serum causing my foundation to ball up n peel off like glue
doesn't break me out n i have oily combo skin w clogged pores n blackhead prone
my skin visibly flakes when i use this
the texture is sticky
my skin feels oily after wearing this cream for several hours
cream mixture which goes on the skin lightly
and once it dries on my skin it flakes off.
flaky skin around nose area
it made my forehead breakout
my chin got super rough
cons-smells like bad body odor
left my skin feeling sticky after applying
i would wake up with oily skin
little breakouts on my forehead
when applied on my face it remained on the surface in a sticky film
clogged my pores resulting in pimples where i'd applied it on my cheeks to fade dark spots
's claims to even out skin's discoloration
my skin is somewhat oily.
more oily than expected
leave an oily shine even without oily skin
my face look like it has wax on
my skin is oily year round in florida.
left my skin greasy
my face felt sticky and gross all day!!
too runny to get all product on face
it would be a better option for people who is combination oily or oily skin
i get awful hormonal breakouts on my chin during my time of the month
some of my smaller blackheads cleared up
assumed it would gently remove any residual eye makeup
some cons are: slightly less oily
there is black in my soap
this was a goo that had no lather
after 2 uses i started getting bumps on my forehead
works for decreasing my oily skin
the outline of my lips felt chapped
tried to rescue my skin with masks
an oily t-zone
this wash completely stripped my face of any moisture
it's like paste thick
like trying to put glue or toothpaste on your face
it caused me to breakout on my forehead
makes your skin greasy and clogs pores
could work as a night cream for my oily skin
the texture is oily and feels cheap.
the metal applicator helps to de-puff
made my makeup look ashy
wrinkly throughout the day
completely dried out my skin, holy alcohol!
dryness will increase oil production for us oily-faced ladies
it helped to blur my pores
this would be a better product for oily/combo skin
it is goof for oily skin and fills in pores.
after that my t zone became a bit oily
clumped into tiny little rolls of product
i can see it being excellent for people with large pores or oily skin
it reacts well with my oily skin
the product is watery for a cleansing oil.
bought this eye gel for my dark circles
my under eye looked like an orange peel
around my eyes moist
after a month of use i noticed the skin under my eyes was flaking/peeling where i have light wrinkles
the flaking cleared up
it peels off at night
flaky on my cheeks
just barely hydrates my cheeks
brushes--you name it
my skin type is a combination of oily t-zone
it also leaves a slight film on the face after rinsing
it smears my eye makeup
my eyes are sensitive to the tea tree
am still oily on my nose
you barely need a dab for both eyes.
after using for a while i haven't noticed a change in my oily skin
nose was still oily despite it becoming flakey-
the oily characteristic has been the same for me
it felt more oily
have to double up on blotting my face with tissues
this is the equivalent of washing your face with perfumed water
my skin is a little oily
would recommend it to those with oily skin
it occasionally caused redness.
this product didn't work for my oily skin.
mostly oily with sensitive/dry cheeks
it for some reason flaked on my skin
with my t-zone being oily
it also started to peel right after rubbing into skin
this product made me more oily
this is perfect for the oily areas of my skin
if my skin was more oily overall
it sometimes balled up a bit with my sunscreen
keep in mind my face is oily all over
for those of us with *very* oily skin
the skin around my eyes
it is supposed to help with oily skin???
i still don't like the heavy tea tree oil smell
it felt like dead skin cells coming off like a facial scrub or peel
i tried with oily face and it did that texture.
smells awful and gave me contact dermatitis.
it sort of clumped or made my makeup look patchy
got this for my husband under eye creases.
holy cow does it sting
then felt how oily it was
i notices some breakouts on my forehead
upon application this stuff blotches
literally congeals up in a pool on my skin
going back to my nars tinted moisturizer
it applied very blotchy.
pills up in a big almost waxy mess
i even tried a beauty sponge to stop the product from streaking
i tend to have oily skin
i tried using a brush
i can't recommend to the oily-skinned
light on my skin
because i have oily skin
i love putting it on my lips for a plumping effect
i looked like an oil slick
i look straight up oily
just an oily feeling to them
this stuff is like rubbing canola oil on your face
i broke out with small pimples
it just left my eyebrows looking oily
like the kylie jenner lip kits
the oil lets the lip pencil glide onto my lips
sometimes my skin felt oily.
but for my oily skin i didn’t like it at all.
great for the lips tho for prepping for matte lip stick or in general
the oil itself smells like nasty cooking oil.
makes you more oily throughout the day
i tend to have oily skin
my face feels oily all day
the product is ok i use on my cheeks bones
makes my foundation look blotchy
a normal lip scrub works better
t-zone gets a tad oily
i tested it out on my jawline
a spot on my forehead
my pores became clogged
it feels sticky after application
it leaves your face tacky sticky
it just feels like i'm rubbing water on my skin.
it leaves a very sticky residue on my skin afterwards
i don't even have oily skin
if anything it made my face oily
it had little glitter flecks in it.
you could see my heavens from the cheekbones.
though i got a couple of pimples
(31 female, oily-acne prone skin)
but it was sticky and it smelt like candy.
i think i'll keep spending the extra dough.
it is just "glitter water
this product not only left me with an ashy skin
this product left my skin a reddened
the balm removed foundation
the cleansing balm left my skin feeling slippery
leaves face feeling squeaky clean
gave me some small blemishes on my forehead.
it made it look oily
glide on the skin
for oily acne prone skin but caused bad breakout.
the powdery residue after it dried
despite my oily skin
leaves an unpleasant white cast
this product leaves my face oily.
the moisturizer became very oily on my skin
my skin feels oily
applying it feels like trying to rub cold cream cheese on my face
this new one with spf 40 is thick
didn't make my skin oily
and oil slick it is.
my eyes were onfire like i spreyed the perfumed directly in it
it smelled as though i sprayed miss dior all over my face
t squirts out of the sides when you have a cotton pad on it
it seems to clog my pores
then another makeup remover
when i washed my face at night with my facial brush
my blackheads were back
this literally just covered up my blackheads because the mask is white
the blackheads were still there
i've had blackheads on my nose
this might work for surface blackheads that you can easily exfoliate off
this did nothing for deep in-pore blackheads
it left a thin layer over my face
it made my face extra oily
it leaves it feeling sticky
really was sticky upon application
the shape of the rubber means it barely even suctions to your face
i still had all the pimples
underneath the mask which makes it super slippery
dirty: mask tears very easily
when both peeling off
my skin is just a touch on the oily side
the mask has a strong rubber smell
the holes for the eyes
i would diffidently try out either the moisture lover mask or another mask
left my skin feeling plump
left an almost chalky substance on the skin
the jelly in the little cup was fine
it was just plain hydrogel sheet mask with a weird ampoule in a separate container
then it leaves your face sticky.
the rubber mask was fun
the rubber material of this is so easily damaged by fingers when you try to put it onto your face
dehydrates my under eyes
my nose was red.
this cream made me oily
melts into your skin
this would be even worse on oily skin.
this broke my chin
the sides of my cheeks by my mouth
i found that it made my skin oily after just a couple of hours
just slightly oily in my t-zone
doesn't leave me oily on my forehead which is my oil problem area
it ended up just making my already oily skin even more oily throughout the day
i got three zits
it said for normal to oily skin.
it is too oily for my normal to oily skin
skin is too oily
feels too oily all day
cream leaves that heavy feeling on the skin
it looked a bit greasy
left my face feeling clammy all day
print on tube runs off onto fingers
it also clogged some of my pores.
i tried this with the samples of the tidal brightening cream
it didn't plump or hydrate to take away any puffiness
i chunked it in the trash
there is an irregular skin texture just underneath those circles
inner eye became so dry
it feels soapy once you massage it onto the face.
the beste jelly smelled horrible
cuts grease without being stripping
dehydrated skin that is easily stripped
stings the eyes terribly while massaging lashes to take off mascara
leaves eyes red afterwards
found that this cleanser stung my eyes horribly
my skin has been flaking
drying after washing my face
milky when you rub into the skin with water
it left the skin scaly
thought i'd give this jelly a try
slimy bar soap grosses me out
the cleanser is dispensed by twisting the cap
my face was filled with acne
i feel as if i'm doomed to only use the gentlest facial products
however because my skin is oily
it did clean my pores on my nose
on weird parts of my body like my toes
it has little tiny beads that i believe are meant to help exfoliate
as soon as i exfoliated
which is good as i have oily skin
it leaves behind a residue
before i had to wash it off from feeling nauseous from the gasoline/chemical smell
after i removed the mask i had tiny white-head like bumps on the corner of my nose
a few on my cheeks
the next morning the white heads were mostly removable with an extractor
), and now my forehead has tiny acne bumps!
applied in a thin layer with a foundation brush
as my skin dried after cleansing
i noticed that this left my skin over-exfoliated
the skin around my nose came off in large flakes
i've had no problems with my oily t-zone
patted it 100% dry after every use
smells like latex gloves.
blotchy around my cheeks
got this to compare to the tarte friction stick.
it left my skin feeling sticky greasy within an hour
there were white gooey
gummy flakes all over my face
debris from the mask out of my hair with a fine toothed comb
looking like a snake shedding its skin
there was a greasy watery top layer
then the gel like product underneath
and i hate the spoon applicator.
doesn't pick up the runny product at all!
it feels like the consistency of liquid jelly
it peels like crazy
leaves dried-glue like flecks all over my pillow
by applying a thick layer
dry skin, acne, discoloration).
the scars will lighten
it stripped my skin
red splotches appeared on my cheeks
there were scaly patches flaking off everywhere
is peeling despite heavy moisturizer
i woke up with tiny white bumps across my chin
was unpleasant for my nose
the smell turns into a chemical mess.
it stings your eyes while cleansing
love the watermelon mask though!
plump the skin under my eyes
it left me pretty oily by morning
skin break out in pimples
a zit on my forehead
my cheeks started to sting
usually only my chin stung when i put on products that dried my skin
made skin super itchy
it made skin itch again
my skin would itch
this stuff says that it helps reduce the appearance of facial hair
my skin likes the algae
face stuck together as if i had put a thin layer of glue on my face
then tacky in the morning when i rinsed off
got a huge pimple on forehead
it's just a lip gloss or balm in a jar.
this product is just a lip gloss.
this lip mask is good
the edges still peeled
balmy texture that lasts all night such as the bite lip mask or the nuxe lip balm
never on my cheeks
sticky feeling on your face afterwards also
it lays a bit sticky on the face
my skin feels sticky in the morning
it does come with a spatula
sometimes i use a heavier moisturizer on dryer patches
would recommend this only to those with shine problems or oily skin
it soaked into my skin quickly
it was sometimes awkward scooping out such a liquid-y lotion with a spatula
i still had dry flakes on my forehead
the mask at first made my oily
i tested it on my cheeks
it has the consistency of a thick mousse.
it washed off easily.
it made my skin burn!
whiteheads on my nose
the mask has a nasty smell
this moisturizer left a gray cast on my face
i walked around all day with an ashy-coloured face
it left my skin slightly greasy.
sinks into the skin quickly without leaving behind an oily residu
while i don't have textured skin from acne or bumps from dry skin
i find that my forehead has somewhat of a orange peel texture to it
rubbed it in on my face
even after rubbing it in it left a heavy greasy film on my face
this oily product failed me
stinging along my chin
irritating for my skin
never issues with acne or blemishes.
the cream dried out the top layer of my skin
my blackheads are still in place
won't clog you pores
i used it daily with my clarisonic brush
it is a greyish foam
must be shaken like most mousse dispensers
a mixture between plastic and some chemicals.
still searching for the right anti-aging/smoothing/firming product for my oily
first when you rub the serum on your face it has a slight stinging sensation to it
it does flake off
would wake up to an oily complexion
causing the oiliness because i would get shiny quicker throughout the morning
it literally smells like you're rubbing rotten eggs on your skin
it caused red bumps and scaliness.
this stuff clumps and looks like glue clumps.
noticed the gel coming off in nasty clumps
while it was on my skin felt like it had a thin layer of glue on it
noticed this stuff balling/clumping off
the serum also caused breakouts across my forehead
it makes my skin peel and flake.
i found the formula to have an unpleasant odor
it made me breakout on my forehead
gradually my cheeks would burn a little after washing my face
lighten some acne scars
lathers rather than foams
my nose gets very oily after i use it
as if it has striped away all the oil
this cleanser left my face looks dull
use it as my brush cleanser
i also had a reaction where i got red itchy blotches on my skin from this cleanser
feel more like rubbing oil on your face
when my makeup is on for 2 hours or more my skin gets suppppper oily
moisturized with being greasy on my oily skin
...but made my skin very oily.
but it dries out my super oily skin.
zits popped after 1st using it.
applying it exclusively to my cheeks- where i never get zits
when i massaged it into my skin
however i did not like the waxy feel it left on my skin
it dries on top of the skin like a waxy film that disintegrates into "pills" when you put it on
it just sits on the surface of your skin
it just pilled up like elmer's glue
it smells like plastic paste
even oily/combo skin.
skin kept flaking off all day
left my face feeling sticky
it leaves my skin really sticky
that it even peeled :
it tends to leave an oily residue on my skin that worsens throughout the day
but it made me break out on my forehead.
tiny whiteheads after using this just once
glowing is not something oily faces seek.
was left with unwanted scars
a few zits along my chin
that's a plus for oily skin types
since i have oily skin
she told me it would help with the acne scars i have on my cheeks
it peeled off as i tried applying my makeup
no matter what this serum starts to peel throughout the day as if i had sunburned peeling skin
it hasn't irritated my skin
normal with oily t-zone
and it is so sticky.
om pimples popping up more frequently
it was also super oily
never made my skin matte
it feels like i'm rubbing pine sol on my face.
my problem area is always my forehead
chin started developing bumps
my forehead acne got worse
my face became oilier
i usually end up rubbing it between my palms
gently patting it onto my face to avoid overdoing it
because it gets so oily
the cream was clumped up
looked like cheese curds
i looked shiny/oily within the first hour of using the product
had acne along my chin
not too thick, not runny.
my skin is scorched.
it made my oily skin shiner and felt sticky.
this product clogged my pores
by mid day i get very oily
superrrrrrr oily & i have combination skin.
the sides of my mouth
i literally could feel the acne forming on my forehead
breakout, oily skin and pih).
i started to developed white bumps
pimples on my forehead that got worse as i use it
white bumps are gone
this cream sits like a greasy
coating on my face
it was super waxy way more than i thought it be.
kiinda like burts bees chapstick blended up in a more whipped thicker way
i pressed it onto my skin it is hydrating it slowy melts onto your skin
since this is waxy
this seems to remain waxy
waxy feeling of this cream
i felt "greased" all day
greasy fatty rancid-smelling c
feels like a crayon left out in the sun
the consistency is almost wax-like
and i'm no stranger to heavy creams.
it is extremely waxy in texture
it leaves my skin greasy
should it be yellow?
i washed my face still could not get the stench away
even sprayed my face with perfume could not get rid of the smell
causes my skin to break out
my face literally feels like a bumpy rubber mat when i wash it now
it felt like i was caking my skin whenever i use this product
my face would be super oily
it smelled like box hair dye to me
the product is now watery
it smells like old, dirty water.
it smells like muscle ache cream.
not too oily or greasy.
it made my face very oily
my skin started to tingle
it looks like a thick product
as you rub it into your face it turns watery
it smells like i dumped rubber on my face.
now it feels more like watery whipped cream.
it leaves a greasy film on my skin
the texture is way too thick
to me the smell is a cross between a fish
the cream feels like a thin mask on my skin.
love the face wash
something between wet dog and fish.
leaves a strange residue on my skin
i don't care much for thick creams because it leaves my skin feeling greasy
leaves your skin plump
scrub or if you use a face brush daily
the smell reminds me of hair dye
has a watery/runny consistency
which smells like a fish in dirty lake water
acne prone skin with bright red scarring from my acne
help clean out my pores
when i squeezed my skin white stringy pus would come out of my pores
those little white plugs that surface
aren't full blown pimples
it left my skin greasy
pus-filled pimples in areas where i would never normally breakout
except creating some redness
some wrinkles on my forehead
it gave me more pimples !!!!
like really big under the skin pimples on my chin
and tiny ones all over my cheeks.
clearing up acne scars
usually just have hormonal/ forehead acne
it cleared up all my forehead acne
it clogged my pores
help clear past acne marks on my cheeks
i researched retinal aroun the eyes
unfortunately i find this lotus eye gel a bit irritating under my eyes
fine lines or puffiness
ok for my oily skin
i noticed the skin under my eyes taking on that paper thin look from lack of moisture
this gel stung my eyes and dried the area.
my eyes are prone to dark circles and puffiness.
this eye gel made my eyes water
the skin around my eyes sting
dark eye circles etc
i've tried many eye products to help with my puffy eye bags
the product melted into my skin
fair-skinned with freckles
my eyes remained puffy after using this
still in search of a de-puff eye cream
i went with this lotus eye gel
usually use a charcoal face wash
the few times i used it as a mask i ended up with small pimples on my forehead
ended slightly too oily for my combination skin
it made my combination skin very oily all over.
normal skin for forehead
i got many redness on my cheek
but i woke up to flaky skin.
product was okaynot ideal for oily skingave me red bumps-
or their cleansers left me red
wiping off with a cotton pad
like i was wiping a milky kids type lotion on my face
oily all the time
you have to use another cleanser to remove this gentle one's residues
it feels like rubbing milky lotion onto wet skin.
leaves a film like a wax on my face
left a residue that caused breakouts.
leaves a kind of milky film on my face afterward
left my skin feeling slick
then this would be a gentle cleanser
it turned my makeup into a filmy residue that did not rinse off my face -had to use another facewash
cotton pads to do so
use a cotton pad to rub it on your face
the cleansing milk felt like i was putting thick lotion on my face
this new greasy residue is unbearable
it takes a while to rinse off.
it leaves my clarisonic brush greasy
it leaves a filmy/greasy feeling on the skin after washing
oily residue on my face
this one leaves a greasy slick that must be removed with toner
leaving an oily layer that feels neither clean nor smooth
it left a residue on my skin
almost oily after using it
it left my face so oily i end up using another cleanser to rewash my face
my skin type is oily
i don't have very oily skin.
it still left my face oily
oily t-zone/combination skin
use this with the charcoal cleanser back
the applicator is horrible
you have to rub it across your blemishes
the ointment/gel turns cloudy
the whole process feels unhygienic
i love willow bark in my acne treatment products
just expensive willow bark which is an anti bacterial
dark spots from post acne
product was oozing out of the bottom of the applicator
i am a victim of oily skin
the idea of putting the applicator on top of my zit
instead, i always used a cotton swab.
burned my skin more
cream just thick enough and moistens skin.
this is an issue with thin undereye skin
smooth my eye area
dark spots underneath my eyes
it just forms white patches on the face.
leaving a greasy layer right on the surface
this made my face super oily
left an oily feel afterward
i accidentally bought this instead of the advanced brightening sleeping facial
i also suspect it clogged my pores a bit
my skin became greasy
this product is thick
instead i found it made my skin really oily
it just sits on the surface of my skin
i remove my makeup using tatcha cleaning oil beforeh
i still have to remove all my makeup with a makeup remover
have oily skin this would work for you
i can run a cotton ball with coconut oil
pick up all the leftover gunk
now it leaves my skin feeling oily.
have noticed that it leaves yellow stains on my white towels
this made me cheeks
as someone with oily skin who wears makeup
it sometimes leaves a little bit of eyeliner in between my lashes
i get little tiny bumps that looks like baby warts
this cleanser has a sticky
viscous texture like heavy dish soap or cheap h
accidentally get some in my mouth
i don't go around eating lots of dish soap
oily in some parts
i will stick with my foaming green tea cleanser
my nose especially gets oily throughout the day
it is still drying on my oily/combo skin
just irritated my skin
the redness caused by the scars from the acne to fade
it irritates my skin
have combination skin with some oiliness
i tried murad's cleanser due to a ruddy complexion
it's lightly scented and not oily.
this left my face oily!!!
big pores on one side of my face on my cheeks
it made my face shiny and even more oily looking.
the consistency was a bit sticky
my forehead is super oily
made my face look greasy
blackheads elsewhere on my face
the pores around my nose
i constantly have blackheads
the product flaked once it dried all over my freshly cleaned face
or the oily look of my skin
its also on my eyelids
without looking ashy or pale
it made my nose all white color
you'll end like a frying pan with these
help with my redness
but i became very oily and blotchy.
it made my skin red
it says it soothes redness
this made me more red and blotchy.
made my oily skin worse
it made my skin flaky, and itchy.
my very red cheeks
as i've aged my skin has become redder
it made my skin crawl & feel oily.
recently had a weird breakout around my mouth/chin
the cream does nothing to tone down the redness.
bumps on my forehead
my cheeks can get a bit red from it
my eye lids would turn pink
dark circles under my eye
afer using this religiously i still have baggy
dark circles under my eyes
as they appeared "blackened"
the brown tint made my circles look worse.
it cleared out my deep pores
especially because it's marketed toward declogging pores for oily skin
its like washing your face with water
or lather it up with your h
it'sa solid brick of clay which when wet can be smeared on the face in a fairly light layer
smearing it ona blemish or any small place that could use a deep cleansing
rubbing the wet bar over it
mild acne on my shoulders
so after you moisten the bar
i got so many on my forehead
this product is like pond scum scented slime
had pimples all on my forehead
felt like it left a "film" after rinsing
this cleanser caused me to break out on my cheeks
the consistency is like booger
it felt like i was washing my face with snot.
to remove my face makeup
it sort of dissolves the mascara on the lashes
i would describe the sensation as imagine liquifying the gum "big red"
however the second time i used the mask it stained my face red
i washed my face
use a rag to wash it off
it stained everything it touched
first of all: if your boyfriend has oily skin
this clay is called "deep pore cleansing clay"
that means that applied on greasy skin
it makes it less oily
it did seem to reduce the amount of oil on my forehead
while this one becomes runny
once rinsing off with water
once wiping off with cotton pads
my eyes and surrounding skin was all black.
even though i use eye makeup remover before washing my face
my combination skin became oily part way through the day wearing it
you have to gently pat onto dry skin
then tissue or wash off
it seems like my pores have been clogged
flaky after using a medicine
since the supermud mask is my favourite mask
it made me nauseous
since i have such oily skin
i wouldn't recommend this to people with oily skin
it clogs your pores.
leaves patches on the face
made my face very oily/shiny
seriously not for oily skin
other skin care underneath it
it made my nose oily
chunky, sticky and made my face feel gross.
nose get pretty oily
even on my forehead
after a few hours it seems like my forehead
oily on the skin although i know its water based
also, my skin was sticky for hours!
made my oily skin more oily.
normally i'm not oily with other light moisturizers until 5-6 hours
there was a literal oil smear
it made my skin feel sticky after applying
it made my nose super oily
my skin was sticky
normal in the cheek area, oily everywhere else.
even though i removed my makeup with double cleansing routine cleansing brush
you can sort of "melt" it by rubbing your fingers or palms together
makes my skin greasy
just sticky and really heavy balm product.
it feels like a lip balm
occasionally use their glycolic peel before or their overnight renewal cream after
have a clean slate to prep my skin for makeup
my pale acne-scarred face is back to normal
i notice i have less trouble with skin flaking around my nose
this product worked for my forehead dryness
i didn't eel that this serum reduced any of my dark spots nor evened out my skin tone
when i rubbed the product into my skin it gave me an oily appearance
the consistency is odd, kinda runny and thin.
sticky feeling after application
i awoke with little whiteheads along my cheeks
chin get super dry
i washed my face
it felt sticky on my skin
it smells like a fake orange housecleaner
my cheeks turned super red
it reminds me of clorox wipes
it should be concave
i recently got this eye contour gel
the gel to me felt a little runny.
apply every morning and pat gently.
this product irritated my eyes
my eyes get irritated and skin gets patchy.
this product made under my eye area puffier.
tried it both ways: thin layer after washing my face
all i got from this product was a sticky
never rubbing it in
actually did nothing on my skin except some pimples on my forehead
almost imperceptible unpleasant tingling sensation around my nostrils
yes, i patted instead of rubbing, etc.
i cleansed my skin
i noticed creasing under my eyes
perhaps it is for people with oily skin?
unblemished skin so that after putting on spf
its makes my skin more oily since i have oily skin
manages to control my oily skin
although it cleans my pores
which is bound to happen if you wash your forehead
this cleanser works fine for oily skin
oiliness without over-drying
it stung my oiliest areas
i limited it to my oily areas
dirt from my skin
my lips were torn
this irritated my skin
feels heavy on my already oily skin
it also leaves a greasy layer or sheen after i put on my makeup as well
my face is already oily
my skin is already oily
have done a mud mask
made my skin super oily
the sephorqa staff recommended it to me because i had oily skin
my skin became more oily
it was too greasy to wear during the day for my oily skin
made my skin greasy
as for the pores
it also makes my face oily for about an hour after applying
my nose and forehead pores remained unchanged.
it made my skin itch!
worse by using this cream on my already very oily skin
as i developed some whiteheads
mineral makeup without visible pores showing
i hate sticky after sun lotion
the air brushes by
slather that on instead?
this burnt my skin
i got a serious sunburned.
i didn't have a sunburn or any stinging
my face usually gets a slight sunburn after a full day out in the sun
sticky residue on hands but not on my arms
it caused closed comedones on my cheeks
forehead after a week of usage unfortunately
it was like vegetable shortening just smeared on my face
this face cream is greasy
this cream is so thick
recommended this cream to me as it was supposed to help with dark spots/acne scarring
my skin is naturally oily
i occasionally use epiduo for acne spot treatment
i also found it leaving a waxy film on my face that bothered me all day
my face touches the pillow
my make up oxidized
this just made it super oily
made my face look greasy
this made my skin so oily
i felt goo sitting on top of my skin.
just buy a tube of banana boat
smells good, makes my face look oily
this moisturizer is too thick for oily skin
my skin gets super oily during the day
super dehydrated on the flip side
tend to battle flaking in some areas
this moisturizer just sort of sits on the surface of my skin
i got a couple pimples as well.
sunblock causes my face to look like an oil slick
i found that it burns on application
left a greasy sheen on my face
makeup becomes cakey if you put it under makeup
it caught makeup and makes it looked caked on.
my face still felt oily
dirty even after washing
left it very oily
if you get even the occasional break-out/ enlarged pores/ black heads
the lotion would probably be good if i was clean shaven
however it made my beard all white
it leaves a waxy film that then rolls/pills off
the dermadoctor actually balled up into tiny clumps as though the cream was a solid coating on my face
first of all the texture is very greasy and oily.
leaves my eyes greasy
returned it for kiehl's avocado eye cream
i noticed my eyes watering constantly
as for the eye cream
undereye circles or lines
it actually made my eyes puffy
sting as if near an onion
in fact, it burned and left my skin irritated.
as well as my brow bone area
i exchanged for the 3 strip lemon peel
the ole lemon strip peel is 100% better
leaving raw red patches when removed
dry/oily/combination/sensitive skin
irritated skin on my face
my pores were clogged
this mask clogged my pores
to the point where my eyes were watering from the fumes
when i removed the product the area was reddened
the complexion correction pads
i see under my eyes becoming less puffy
thin lines on my forehead
after using this cream for 3 days i developed huge pimples on my chin
this cream made my eyes water
this eye cream stings my eyes and makes me teary.
my wrinkles are not deep
this cream stung my eyes
i've never had irritation problem with eye cream/gel
smoothed my wrinkles, but .
it also sometimes stings my eyes when i dab it around the eye area
my skin is getting dryer
it makes my eyes tear uncontrollably
eliminate the dry flakes on my chin
it gave my skin a greasy film
this moisturizer turned out to be grimey
i noticed my skin was greasier
this product peels and pearls up under makeup.
my skin remains sticky all day
the consistency is runny
product made my face extra oily
felt as if my pores were clogged
also very messy and runny.
feeling nasty after using
white streaks are visible
some acne around the chin area
dehydrated yet i get oily
the product feels pasty
it's not a thick cream or lotion
fuss-free moisture to your skin
my face does appear oily
it makes my bangs oily too
more plump with moisture
very thick, barely absorbing heavy eye cream.
it is like glue which makes me tug at my skin to apply
even thicker glue-like substance
kinda like the consistency of white glue?
my eyes look haggard and drawn out.
so maybe it is better as a lip contour cream
so my eyelids feel greasy after applying it
woke up with itchy lips
the cream is so sticky
the consistency eeeww hate it its like glue
it's basically a sticky, gooey cream.
hope in a tube eye
lip cream is overly thick
this cream is thick
feels watery when spreading it around
it is thick and leaves my undereye area shiny.
tugging around the eye area
wrinkles with the building up of collagen from underneath the skin
wrinkles around the eye area
this eye cream is thick and oily.
i like this eye/lip cream well enough
the smell resembled peanut butter in my mind.
this is a thick and tan.
it was kind of sticky
sticky for my face
the serum was very thick and waxy.
sticking with liquid soap
forehead the entire time i used it
it left my face squeaky clean
it makes my skin feel filmy and gross.
burning areas beneath by eyes
in the crow feet area
so not heavily wrinkled yet
maybe because i have really oily olive skin is why
i wouldn't recommend this for oily skin
i feel that my upper eyelid has a less droopy look
my skin is white as paper
this clinique product caused teeny pimple-like bumps next to each eye
i'll be sticking to my trusty extra virgin olive oil
i swab it over my eye area and lashes at night.
as i started rinsing it off
i liked how it foamed up though.
it left a waxy film on my face after washing
i would still have mascara smears under my eyes
i even use it to get my foundation brush squeaky clean too
it leaves an icky film on skin
the gel formation for oily skin was so much better
it was creating a dry patch on the right side of my mouth/cheek
it strips all moisture out
after i rinsed off my face
i would suggest this for more oily skin types.
after washing with this i felt like my face was coated in grease
my eyes were still puffy
the eye cream was too thick for me.
little white bumps around you eyes
it helps with puffiness and dark circles.
helps protect my skin from a lot of tugging when i put on concealer/foundation
except for how oily it makes my eyelids
the stye that formed
my brow highlight looks less chalky
i don't have puffy eyes
it doesn't diminishe my appearance of eye puffiness or darkness
i still have droplet looking spots under my eyes.
i initially chose this product because i have droopy skin on 1 eyelid
once i stopped using the cream the teary
my mother has very oily skin
it made my skin look more oily and broke me out.
on the hunt once again for a good oily skin moisturizer
whiteheads on my forehead
with my combo/oily skin
it sits on the ski and feels super sticky.
caused my acne to scar
in 2-3 hours i get oily
leaves my face matte
used to have oily skin
left me with tight shiny skin :/
my upper lip area under my nose was always oily
chapped when using this product
it smells like rubber
controlled my oiliness a little
for the oily parts
i looked so oily i had to stop using it.
my face will have a slight rubbery texture
flaked off into pieces everywhere
my face type is oily
my skin looked like i was wearing a peel off mask
i rinsed gently with luke warm water
it smelled like rubbing my face with crushed apricots
especially the center of my forehead
takes down a bit of my redness
it looks like clumpy
watery fruit jelly with slimy little rose petals floating in there
as i noticed my skin becoming blotchy
with the exception of my chin
the smell reminds me of a baby product such as baby wipes
now my crows feet area is red/irritated
i get this irritable stinging reddness
the product was clogging my pores
it left my face oily even with minimal application
my face was covered in deeply imbedded pimples
i’m still stuck with a cluster of pimples on both cheeks
i noticed that my skin was red after sun exposure
there's white residue on my face
chin were really red
the next morning my cheeks were peeling.
not for oily skin.
i don't have a severe acne prone skin
my face can get oily
i returned this product since some one told me mineral oil clogs pores
it does make a great lotion to rid of ingrown hairs
unlike jack black's beard lube
first of all it comes in a tub which just screams bacteria breeding ground to me
it leaves a film on my skin which
leaves a disgusting film on the face
it turns into a clear oily texture once you start rubbing it into your skin rather than the milky texture they claim on the description
smudged around my eyes
it left a lot of redness
which wasn't a result from scrubbing
scrubbed by eyes the same amount
it made my makeup go on smoothly no caking in eye wrinkles
getting watery again that my non-waterproof mascara had smudged
use a hair pin to scoop out the cream
use a fine pointing tip like a hairpin to scoop the cream
it burns my eyes.
this stings and make my eyes watery!!!
i got red bumps/breakouts under my circles
makes my eyes water
it does nothing to fine lines or puffiness or wrinkles
block the sun with spf 15
your eye area never seems to get tan or burned
my eyes poured tears
it burns my eyes
nice non sticky cream
found if i tear
it makes my eyes burn
it makes my eyes tear
every time it burnt my eyes
this eye cream irritates/burns the skin around my eyes
makes them sting/itch/water
this feels a little heavy and unsmooth.
causing your eyes to tear
acne prone skin like me
the foam is okay
felt squeaky clean, but dried me out.
my feels less oily
t is not rich or foamy at all as a foaming cleanser
after washing off my makeup
i tend to remove my makeup with a towelette
it makes me peel from my nose
my skin felt sticky
it works well with combating oily skin
it just made my oily skin greasy
a bunch of tiny little bumps on my skin
within the first week i got a ton of texture on my forehead
my skin was so oily
leaves your skin squeaky clean
leaning more towards oily
it left my skin feeling a bit oily
this facial cleanser broke my skin out all over my face
i've always had oily skin
i tried boscia black cleanser
works really well with my clarisonic brush
this caused me scarring
despite having oily skin
i slowly stopped using all of the products except for the facial soap
left huge streaky lines/patches
cheeks hoping to minimize the appearance of my pores
it appears as if i applied it with a wet kitchen sponge
it caused bumps on my forehead
it makes me look like a frying pan
my skin never got that oily before
despite the pore issue-it comes out pigmented
discoloration weren't masked with this
instead clogged some of my pores
i tend to have terrible oily skin along with pores
everything was runny at the end of the day
it was super runny
even after shaking it up it's still runny
my makeup was so oily
skin gets oily after few hours just as without primer
felt more mousse like
it still was oil absorbent at least
if i shook the tube before each use it wouldn't be as runny
only problem is that it's tinted yellowish
left it with redness
because it was making my skin flaky
smells like hair grease
i felt that cleanser ended up being too oily
wrinkles in my forehead from expression
i love the korres rose peel
this made my forehead breakout in big whitehead pimples after one use
i love the sleeping facial from this line
i love the smell of the sleeping facial
now i have redness
or all year round for more oily/combination skin types
i do think it made some of my lighter scars gently peel off
the texture is thick
it feels oily when apply on the skin
giant boil like zits!!!!
the silicones clogged me
it also left like a cakey film on my face.
also left like a cakey-like layer
it does get rid of blackheads
my post-acne marks
limits the waxy plugs that can sometimes form around my nose
it worked wonders on my accidentally sunburned face
noticed that my upper cheeks looked wrinkled
i've tried using this after a foaming wash
it was very waxy
with an oily finish
it burns my eyes
even after rinsing my eyes well
even using a damp facial sponge to assist
i wear a lot of waterproof makeup because i have oily/combo skin
afterwards my skin is red
a bit raw from all the rubbing i do to try
this cleaning milk feel kinda oily
won't make your skin oily
left my face feeling oily
context: i have dry skin with occasional pimples.
a nubby washcloth to get what is left
it left an oily reside on my face.
it also burns my face
it stung and made my eyes watery.
it burns in the eyes
it burns my eyes
i hated it and it burned the crud out of my eyes.
i've never had to use makeup remover
gently wipe mascara or eyeliner smudges
scrubbed onto my eyelids
left my skin raw and uncomfortable.
i love take the day off lids lashes
just made my face sticky
made my eyes sting horribly
it burned my eyes
this face wash/make up remove makes my skin feel sticky
burns my eyes when i use.
face makeup remover only, for our eyes?!!!
the clinique take the day off makeup remover for lids
lips for my eyes
it also did not remove my urban decay big fatty mascara after it had run down my cheeks
i looked like my face was peeling from a bad sun burn
feels sticky on skin
don't like thick creams
it made my skin way too oily to use during the day
my skin looked blotchy
since i have very oily skin
it only moisturizes my neck
this emulsion feels very sticky
leaves a bit of a sticky feeling
seems like something in the lotion must dissolve the printed lettering
the texture was too thick
neck or chest areas
i woke up oily
it leaves a shiny oil sheen under your eyes until it absorbs
i noticed tiny bumps under my eyes "milia"
i tried putting on pencil liner
this cream is too sticky
it left my eyes greasy
gets into the tiny creases under eyes
concealer looks greasy on those creases
it barely takes off my mascara and liquid liner.
it gave me pimples.
the texture of the wipe is rough
not washing my face
plus it broke me out w clogged pores.
wake up with super oily skin
my blackheads exploded after using this
the beauty advisor at sephora suggested it because i am oily
after i washy dry face
for oily skin users
nothing mattifying at all for my oily t zone.
still left my face with a sheen
left my face feeling sticky to the touch
every time i used it i would end up with a slick oil sheen over my face
i've got oily skin already
oily in my t zone by lunchtime
my face was an oil slick
even on my cheeks where i never get oily
flaky patches around my nose
my face still gets oily
this left my face sticky
also left it feeling sticky
caused breakouts on my cheeks
i try not to use oily products because of my acne
it made my skin greasier
the cream is heavy and oily, sits on my face.
it clogs my pores
it was like i was rubbing
i also found my face covered in little white bumps after one application of this cream
the slightest outing without sunscreen will result in the darkening of some sun spots i have along my cheekbones
squeaky film on my face
the oiliest skin types
after i rinse the foam away
i noticed a slight waxy feel to my skin
slight friction when i gently touched my face
i decided to use another gentle face cleanser right after i cleansed with shiseido to see if the waxy feeling would disappear
the waxy feeling was gone
i didn't feel any friction on my skin when i rubbed it gently
i don't' have anymore waxy type residue experience
le the residue feeling after every wash
i should have known as soon as i rinsed it off as my skin felt weirdly squeaky clean
it do like how it lathers up into a thick foam
my face feels squeaky clean after i use this product
only need tiny bit of this cleanser to get foamy feelings on my skin
just the tiniest pea sized amount is needed to work up a very generous foamy lather
i love the luxiourious lather though
i got pimples from it
it contains a white powder which is probably great for normal/oily skin
this is slightly chalky when you put on
it was too white
my cheeks are usually dryer
since i have brown skin it made my face look whiter than my neck
it is light but really runny.
it all starts flaking off
even for a person with semi-oily skin
this leaves my skin feeling sticky
the cream also leaves a flaky residue on my face.
sephora stopped carrying the non-spf white lucent moisturizer
this product left white flaky residue on my skin
i started to break out on my forehead
get some acne on my forehead after using this.
it was sitting on my skin and felt sticky!!!
i love how thick
feels a little sticky after application
ashy spots on my skin from using occasional acne treatments
i usually like thick moisturizers
hot like wearing a plastic mask after using it
this cream is thick
it was like rubbing crisco on my face.
it is like rubbing a piece of
this had a slightly sticky texture to me.
this eye cream does help with dark circles
now have irritated bumps on my lids
i don't have issues with puffiness
it didnt do anything for my baggy eyes
still doesnt treat my oily face 100%
does not help the oiliness one bit
it doesn't eliminate oiliness or breakouts
the product is also runny
it made my black heads
still more clogged pores
this face wash did help control my oily skin.
it was not doing anything to clear/clean my blackheads or my little whitehead acne blemishes on my forehead
concealer on a few red spots
i picked this up in hopes that it would calm the sudden crazy oiliness on my forehead
my skin was still just as oily
because a sales rep suggested i'd use it with my clarosonic since i'm prone to a oily tzone
rinses clean without leaving a residue
before i thought i had oiliness in my nose
my face has blackheads around my nose
gave it a go with my oily acne prone skin
almost looked like i had chicken pocks
i like it for non-oily areas
red cysts on my face
it smelled awful and had the texture of spit.
this cleanser left a filmy residue on my skin
it swirls them around in to a tan slush on your face
massaged it into my face
dirt on my follow-up toner swab
this cleanser feels oily
my skin became so oily
my pores got clogged
more oily in the summer
as it left a residue
left my skin feeling oily
it completely dried out my nose just in 4 washes
now i have flakes all over my nose
my pores felt clogged
it left an oily film on my face after cleansing
applied it in weird globs around my face
i feel like scraping it off with my nails.
many eye creams have made my eyes more puffy
i found the gel to be greasy
coats around the eyes
i don't have deep wrinkles
i wish it has a metal roller ball applicator instead
i like heavier creams under eyes like ysl.
it stings my eyes
i find this foam cleanser leaves my skin with a powdery feeling
i like an eye cream to soothe my eyes when i put it on
irritated red dark circles
irritated whiteheads all over my chin
my skin almost seems to be peeling.
i ended up with clogged pores
when i woke up in the morning my cheeks/forehead felt tight/dry
the area under my nose was flakey
no effects on my blackheads - at all.
it does tighten my huge pores on my cheeks though ---
i felt my face was still on the oily side.
no change in blackheads
a little bit on my cheeks because that's where i have black heads
it just clumped up
it clumped on my skin instead of spreading
the instructions are also confusing when it says "the mask can be removed by gently rubbing the skin with finger tips"
i still have to wash off the residue.
scoop the goods out with a popsicle stick
if your skin is oily
than rinse it off
the glass bottle is completely dysfunctional for a shower/bath
it's heavy, glass, and slippery in the shower.
so when i eventually washed it off it left my skin oily
my pov this is burning toxic on my skin
this made me oily
did nothing for my very oily, acne ridden skin!
it burned my skin while i was washing.
i am already oily
it left a residue after rinsing
cheeks were completely covered in small whiteheads
the pimple saga continued
leaves gross residue on your face
i usually get acne on my chin
rubs off your face comparable to a peeling sunburn
my skin felt a bit sticky.
my skin does appear less oily
this has not caused dryness or flakiness
not for deep acne
even gave me acne on my forehead
then dabbed more on the spots
you had to shake it to mix up the exfoliating particles after a few months
it is good for daily scrub without being harsh on the facial skin
its very watery with tiny beads.
when i look for a scrub
this was really runny
instead of being a gritty exfoliate i noticed it was a smooth wash
take a deep breath moisturizer
the silicone texture of the product seems to sit on top of my skin
forehead from this thing
this product burned my oily
more like a thick silicone cream
it makes my face less oily
it stings my skin a bit
even if i haven't recently exfoliated
the corners of my nose
chin are visibly dry
i tried the "oily" version for a week
it broke out in tiny red bumps all over my cheeks
it broke out in tiny red bumps all over my cheeks
noticed my nose peeling a lot
the oily skin version is much gentler--no burning on application
it flakes throughout the day
the product is thick
starting to get flakey around my chin
still searching for that moisturizer for oily skin :
more oily then before when my goal was to get my oily spots under control
foundation made my face less oily
the fresh black tea age-delay cream
dryness through my chin area
oily skin for the first 2-3 weeks
they're al either along my jaw or on my chin
this product is good for vert oily face
although i have oily skin
i started to notice blackheads on my forehead
although it moisturized fairly well with only a small amount of visible oiliness once applied
i am crazy oily
i love the clay mask
not a surprise for my oily skin
also less oily looking at the end of the day
my skin becomes oily throughout the day
what with their sugar lip treatment
my nose tends to get oily
my forehead dries out quickly
combination skin that gets oily
blotchy well into the day
if your skin is oily or acne-prone
that they don't fill the bottles to the brim
it comes out foamy
makes my face oily if i use it at night?
i got huge pimples on my cheeks after using this cleansing foam
my skin got flakey
my skin became flaky, patchy, bumpy and red.
i actually use clinique's oily skin face wash with the acne line instead of this cleanser
occasionally forehead or cheeks
this product made my skin peel
this product has made my brush head smell terrible
when i tried pure tea tree oil
applied this to a cleansed face its like rubbing alcohol on skin it stinks
all it seems to be is a thick lotion
this product burned my skin raw.
my skin looked splotchy some areas got lighter
then eventually dark brown gel
have acne dark spots
people tend to either have red or brown marks.
little white bumps on my face
it made my skin peel
stains my skin for months
my acne scarring is still there
this gel made my skin oily
i am biracial with brown skin
it felt a little burnt
it did work to get rid of lighter acne scars
i actually use this product on chicken pox scars
after it dried it made my skin look like it had a sheen on it
convenient but leaves a sticky residue
(he has an incredibly thick stubble.)
the dark acne spots turned more red
it has vegetable oil in it
had itchy eyes in the morning
the cream is on the thick side
have sun damaged skin
some wrinkles around eyes
it leaves a sticky texture on my skin
the scrubbing beads are so great
like when a shower door gets a calcium buildup on it
it made my skin flake and hurt.
this gave me more pimples
this probably works for oily skin
chin have become dry
possibly too light for my oily skin
tiny bumps on my forehead and on t- zone.
my skin gets more on the oily side
suffer from blackheads on my nose
except for the appearance of tiny bumps on my forehead
i recommend doing a patch test on the jaw bone area
nothing seemed to happen to my problem areas on my forehead
with my glasses resting there i get small zits in those areas
like my face was covered in gooseflesh
used for a month to no effect on clearing acne or blackheads
leaves no oily residue
my face is very oily
isn't too drying on my oily skin
since its not oily
...hasn't improved my reddish complexion at all.
but this is tingly on my skin and burns my lips.
my skin still has redness
it leaves a slight residue on the face after washing it off
it leaves a horrible oily thin layer on the surface
this was like rubbing body lotion on your face
having skin that's a double whammy of acne prone
did not remove eye makeup at all- just smeared around my face
left a "residue" after washing
residue left on my skin after i use it
using a tissue to gently remove it
cream did nothing to reduce my redness
it feels like i'm just smearing a moisturizer on my face
it's on the oily side
it is not for oily or acne prone skin
my rosacea still there plus my face got oily with this product
smh this product is oily specially the wash
causing unsightly balls/skids of lotion
i got quite a few samples of the clique redness line
by night time my cheeks were broken out in pustules
that being said i have oily skin
caused itching and bumps all over my face.
i've had red, blotchy cheeks my whole life.
cause the area to be itchy
good for oily skin
it irritated my skin and i had to wash it off.
my face turns red very easily especially on my cheeks around my nose
this product is veryy thick and greasy.
it leaves skin sticky
some broken capillaries on my cheeks
that spread across my cheeks
causing those annoying bumps
quickly realized it was too thick for my oily prone skin
i still have flakiness around my noise and chin.
my make up gets oily look
the clinique redness solutions cream did not help get rid of my persistent redness
using a greenish primer to reduce the appearance of redness
i kept noticing flaking skin in the mornings on my forehead
it clogged my pores
the 1 minute flash rinse
smelled like old fat
it made my face itchy
acne marks for me to deal with
it doesn't minimize pores or fade acne scars/marks
the texture is like honey; very thick and sticky.
it tends to leave my face slightly orange after rinsing
the directions mention wiping off the mask with a damp cloth then rinsing with warm water
literally glowed when i washed it off
when unscrewing the cap
it had a messy little spoon
i only use about half of the spoonful
the powder makes my moisturizer crumble off after its applied
it makes my moisturizer sticky
made it really watery and it stung my skin.
and it made my skin look chalky.
palms due to mixing the product
demising the darkness of acne scars at the beginning
settles into little fine lines leaving a white dry cakey film
the dark almost bruise like color would lighten
what is worse the texture of the cream feels sticky
the skin under my eyes would flake off like a snake shedding its skin
when i am under the udder the sun protects me
atleast i could hide my dark circles with concealer
maybe my lower eyelid is thin
lets the nerves underneath be seen
another eye cream for dark circles
it temporarily moisturizes my eyes
it left a white sheen on my skin
red patches on my face
leathery feel as if the product had burned my skin
sometimes the crease of my chin
not a single lick of moisture
i noticed rough patches on my cheeks
this lotion made my skin feel sticky
goes on without being sticky.
i'll put 2-4 drops of argan oil on my face
it is a pink oil slick that takes forever to soak into the skin
the pink solution hardened
it might be great for oily skin!
followed by a makeup brush
my skin turned red instantly
smelled like a paraffin c
it burned my skin
rolls off the skin
it starts to peel off like little balls of wax that i have to wipe off my face
it has a thick waxy feel that doesn't seem compatible with my skin
it looked and felt like a filmy mask
some areas of my face get oily throughout the day
the mask drips everywhere
it burns every time
pilled after i applied light face makeup
it over moisturized my skin causing my face
all i can smell is rotting weeds
it made my skin burn
my cheeks were red
rubbing off a few little globs of skin/product as some other reviewers described
lightly buffing my face with a dry towel
the product flaked up or 'pilled' on my skin
does not strip my skin of its moisture
if you're oily/combo
instead i tried the gentle cleanser which is odor-less
dried at my combo skin.
also the consistency of the cleanser was not as viscous
i also noticed it does not exfoliate as well as it used to as i am breaking out around my forehead
the fish smell of other products are nothing compared to this awful stench
a little oily in the t-zone, but blemish free.
was put off by the noxious scent of baby powder
my skin is oily
dirt in my pores
that smells like fish
my cotton ball was brown each time i would use toner
around my mouth and lips was even flakey!
firmly or in which direction i point the nozzle the "treatment" squirts all over the place
the skin around the eyes puffy dawn
product also burns my skin
it sort of freeze your eye lids or the under eye areas
in my "tear trough" area
this raised red whelps
gave me rough dry patches and raised red welts.
my eyes always get puffy from the smoke
the cream irritated my eyes
i don't have puffiness or dark circles
stings my eyes a bit
this product dried out the skin underneath my eyes horribly
itchy blotches appear under my eyes
gave me horrible red welts--my skin looked
it stings my eye area
my skin was itchy
my under eyes got all itchy
my forehead and nose looks awful.
completely dried out my face to wear it was peeling
i am prone to getting zits
my skin is very oily
this facial wash is definitely not a deep-cleansing product
it almost smells like fish!!
my skin is starting to peel
it made my eyes look even more baggy
well i slathered on korres eye cream for next few days to relieve the parchment skin
my face looked like it was melting in acid
like entire patches of my face have had clusters of acne
which i also used on my lip area
take off the day's gunk
i also prefer a squeaky clean feeling
a few of my most oily spots
cleanses skin gently however every time i used it
i get slimy rotton chunk in the cleanser
i developed a lot of pimples
i am a fan of their walnut face scrub.
my skin started to peel
i also got mild breakouts around my nose
this cream made my skin more oily
applied on a little greasy
ren's radiant day cream is too heavy / greasy for my oily skin
it brings out those tiny bumps on the forehead.
it is sooooo thick.
it smells like weeds.
the fragrance is an irritant on it's own-
this product did nothing to soothe my rosacea-prone skin
it didn't minimize redness
i literally have droplets of oil on my face 5 minutes after applying
the oiliness is unbearable
it comes out like a mousse consistency
maybe help the redness of my skin
my forehead is dry
my pores started to seem clogged
layers of moisturizer wouldn't hide them
it made my skin even more oily
sticky on my skin
this also made me more oily
it made my skin more oily in the long term
it was too heavy for my oily
might be ideal with oily or oily/combo skin types
this i was advised would help with the super greasiness on my forehead
still had oily skin and it made me break out.
almost looked like i had chicken pocks
this was too thick for my oily acne prone skin
it feels like a layer of grease.
it left it feeling a bit stripped after rinsing
it being made with black tea
my face looks oily after applying it.
it was also thick
reminds me of smelly feet.
i felt like my fingers left grease prints everywhere after touching my face
if you enjoy smearing pickle smelling cream on your face
i am oily in some areas
have fine lines on my forehead
i love the black tea eye cream
i found it to be slightly greasy
fresh black tea age delay cream is 1 ounce.
this is the only cream in the black tea line that has black tea listed as an ingredient
i just use it on my forehead
i find the cream incredibly sticky/gooey
other than making my skin soft after rinsing it off
i used it a couple times as a mask which i rinsed off
whiteheads all along my cheeks
i scar when i get acne.
the whiteheads on my forehead hurt real bad.
the black tea cream
whereas my skin is normally combo-oily
it builds up to a thick lather
it did not lather at all with the clarisonic brush
this might be good for oily skin
it smell nicecons: not great on acne/blemish skin
like i cleaned it with bar soap
it left my skin feeling like chalk.
could be better for medium to oily skin
use it to clean my makeup brushes
it left me with some acne scarring
as well, it burned my cheeks.
this cleanser leaves a very thick layer of residue on my skin
i soaked a cotton pad
makes my eyes sting
i rubbed it between my h
because i have oily
it made my skin all red
it also clogged my pores .
each time i tested it made all of my hair really oily
as everytime you open this product the argan oil oxidizes
my skin gets flaky
i used the oil in my hair
my skin was still cloaked in the oil
i kept wiping layers of it off my skin
my makeup smudged because it couldn't sit correctly on my skin
slippery gel texture that glides over skin easily
i found out it was because of the algae that is in it
it always leaves a sticky texture on my face.
lead to some of the misted water being absorbed into the skin to continue the hydrating
it looks like the cap was unscrewed
my skin got oily after 30 mins or 1 hr later :
i get red patches that itch like crazy on my arms
after getting out of the bath or shower i spray it all over my body rub it in
clogs my pores making me breakout
it is now thick and sticky with an odor.
chin look like an oil slick
after just 3 days i noticed my skin was excessivly oily
i looked oily mid-day and tired!
while the moisturizer hasn't broken out my skin
still oily after forty - this product will help!
it made my eyelids sting
put them on my eyelid
it would melt into my skin
it burns and tingles when i put it on.
my face is oily than before after i tried this product
thick the product was
felt like it was clogging my pores
it must be too oily for my skin.
my face literally drank the cream!
for his tattoo while it healed
too light weight with a white sheen for olive skin types which fades
dried out some parts of my cheeks along the sides of the nose
it smells sooooo bad, like dead mildewed fruit.
redden like it did with this product
it also soaked into my foundation brushes
swollen all the time
crepey-ness on upper lids
it dried and irritated my eyelids.
the skin on my eyelids began to peel off
it makes my eyes look puffy
my eyes are more wrinkled
the "mattifier" sold by murad smells like elmers glue
my cheek foundation was down my jaw line in horrible streaks
this "mattifying moisturizer " had made me look line a greasy clown
almost elmer-glue-like consistency
it leaves the skin feeling sticky
oily on the t zone
i found my face becoming oily after about an hour after application
i noticed my pores clogging up badly
blackheads on my cheek area
even smells like school glue
than after i got so oily
it is the consistency of thick sunblock
hourglass mineral veil primer
i look more oily when i wear it
i get a ton of blackheads
worth the try for oily skin suffers like myself
it looks, smells, and feels like elmer's glue.
i found this to be thick
oily t-zone after about 1 hour
tried this hoping it would help with my oily skin
i feel like i'm caked with so much lotion on my face
i got tiny bumps all over my cheeks
smells and feels like glue.
washed my face that evening to find my skin had broken out exaggeratedly
i do believe it clogged my pores
caused my skin to break out in my oily areas
i apply sun screen over it
it made me red and blotchy.
it also left a weird white residue on my foreo.
left my skin squeaky clean
it leaves my skin feeling squeaky clean
this will be a holy grail for oily skin.
maybe due to the milky texture
a little oily through my t-zone
now it's really runny
only a light dusting of pressed powder
my makeup stuck to this lotion
if i lightly rub my face
this cream is not for oily skin.
is a lightweight cream that isn't thick
just noticing forehead lines
it feels a little sticky
my skin immediately started peeling on my chin.
your skin will peel
have even developed some breakouts on my chin
it leaves my eyes greasy
i developed some white bump under my eyes
it caked under my eyes
this eyecream was irritating to my skin
also, it left a "burnt wood" smell to my skin.
it squirts out all over
or the bathroom mirror
it burned the skin around my eyes
when i went to use the pump a really runny liquid came out
made my eyes itch
smoothed out some minor wrinkling
i still have flaking
had to unscrew the top to dab the cream on my fingertips to apply
recommended by someone at sephora for my acne flair to get rid of scarring
get that burned skin feeling
i look like i've gotten a bad sunburn
it really peeled my skin
burnt my skin after 2 applications
facial skin is red
the bags under my eyes are now purple
my skin is peeling
it burns when i use my usual moisturizer to try to calm down the flaking
after 2 days my face was flaking off
product burned my skin
works great to reduce oily skin.
i developed a pimple along the jawline
my skin should not be peeling at cheeks
dry acne prone skin with something for wrinkles
i literally had an allergic reaction.
sticky residue on my face
slightly oily t zone
even my dry cheeks started to have pimples
left a lot of oily residue on my skin
the orange peel extract is a bit overwhelming
it would be better for combination to oily skin.
made my skin red
tried it without the cleansing brush
as cleansers with too high of a ph strip my skin
should be labeled for oily skin
scrub which of course irritates the skin
leaves an odd residue
i'll be using the rest of my tube to wash makeup brushes
good for teen skin that's extra oily.
the cleanser stung my eyes
grabbing the moisturizer my skin was tight
took on this ashen color
having acne prone skin
helps in clearing my pimples
it made my acne prone skin more oily
the uncomfortable squeaky clean feeling
my skin constantly felt oily
first off i'm 34 with oily / combo skin.
especially on my forehead
i would still become oily midday
i do not have oily skin
this moisturizer kept my oily skin at bay.
some really oily spots
my skin is oily/combination
it got the job done i have oily/ combo skin
after unscrewing the pump top
oily about 2 hours after applying this product
it smells like mildew and mothballs!
it smells like burnt plastic mothballs.
i found it sticky
i really enjoyed this moisturizer for oily skin as it never exacerbated acne
oily about 20-30 minutes after application
made my skin bumpy
some patches on my face felt like sunburn.
my skin is more on the oily side
like your pillowcase or your towel after you wash your face
my face is covered in tiny, itchy, burning bumps.
my normally very oily skin is still oily
while it dries the blemish it wrecks havok on the skin
the only thing it did was stained my pillows
this does shrink the zits
it leaves the skin around the zit pealing
my skin is peeling off because it over dries it
it could be a good base for a mineral powder because of the waxy finish
found that this product stings when put on the acne
i've also noticed that this gets clumpy like the moisturizer
my skin is slightly oily
have only used this when i have sunburn or when i've over exfoliated
was that it clogged the pores around my nose quite a bit :
and i found that it left my face feeling sticky.
i normally get dry patches on my forehead
this minty thing burnt my face
i love kate's tan pads for the face
did nothing for my oily skin.
i noticed flaking all over my chin
smelled like tooth paste
rub it on your h
the container looks like a tub
it's slightly oily on my already oily skin.
after using this cream for 3 days my forehead
even nose have broken out in blackheads
as for the jar
you may end up with itchy red puffy eyes
it went on thick
this one is a little thin/runny
my skin around my cheeks
chin started getting tiny bumps all over
i find cones to be pore-clogging
thick, dimethicone shiny slick on the skin.
somehow an oily film leaks out.
a little droplet flies out
which made a greasy dot on my bedroom comforter
to me it felt like oily silicone sitting on the surface of my face that wouldn't absorb into my skin
i like the oily
bought this serum with hopes that it would help with my flaky dry skin on my cheeks
it made my acne-prone skin break out
it's like putting another layer of oil on top of my oily skin
it felt like my skin was covered in plastic
do love how it cleans my oily combo skin
when i wiped my face with a cotton square with makeup remover on it
it lingers on your skin
left a white residue even with my clarisonic
over strip skin oil
i washed my skin
tight around my cheeks
it's too oily to use as an eye makeup remover
drips all over the side
is cupped over it to catch it
irritated my rosacea prone skin
my cheeks aren't so rough
i still have a couple of pimples
the bottle fell off the bathtub edge into the tub
it clogs my pores every time i use it
he wrinkled his nose
not add extra oil to my oily face
it was like a stench from a foul, putrid perfume.
my eyes started watering
shelled out a $100 for a tub of this
i still had my stubborn chin acne
it just sat on top of my exfoliated skin
face a lot less oily
the more oily it started making me
my bathroom counter is littered with their signature white
a lot of small minuscule bumps underneath the surface of my skin
it started fading my acne scars
it made the skin around my jaw
decreased the look of my forehead wrinkles
especially in the forehead area
deep pores on my nose
this product doesn't do anything to loosen blackheads or whiteheads on the nose
my nose was smooth after
get rid of some of the blackheads
onto the next blackhead extractor
with blackheads being my only concern
i looked like i had sunburn when i washed it away
that its supposed to bring blackheads to the surface
pores seemed to remain clogged.
i still have visibly deep pores
i broke out on my face with blackheads
i still have blackheads on my face
my request was simple: get rid of my blackheads
blackheads are still there
i get little blackheads on my cheeks
as well as chin
this product burns my face when i use it
my skin goes from a tingling sensation to a burning sensation
this did nothing for my pores and blackheads.
i can see my blackheads while it works
i tried it with the pore strips
my blackheads still exist.
nose is now flaky.
on chin it caused my chin to breakout.
very large pores on his nose
blackheads starting to poke out
pressed out all the gunk in his nose
positive side - it helps with oily skin.
it might work if your blackheads are the size of peppercorns
i will stick to my clay masks.
this product was way too runny for me.
i am over 40 but still have oily skin.
i also use it on the fine lines on my forehead
then recovering the lotion which sprayed all over my h
can not walk around smelling of dead fish
it feels like i'm rubbing alcohol over a cut
it stinks like stinky stinky fish.
which was like how dead hair follicles smell when you dye them
the acne around my mouth got worse
my whole face peels
suffer from alittle bit of acne on my jaw line
this mask bleached the tips of my eyebrows
it never bleached my eyebrows
because my face is sometime oily
a had pimples on my face those was not acne pimple
this mask was great for controlling my oily skin.
it cleared some of my acne
leaves a residue on my face
my face looked very blotchy
it clogged my pores
my face gets oily
my face is oily in the t-zone
dry-ish on the cheeks
it feels thick like suntan lotion
chemical smell that lingers on you face
i wanted a plump up affect because i have hereditary hollow deep set eyes
i now have pimples/bumps all over my chin
my face became greasy
it smells like decaying fish.
le having that stench on my face every day
massaged it onto my face
i got a facial wipe and wiped it all off.
it smelled like bad fish or something.
there the containers was washed out
someone said it smells like envelope glue tastes
it smelled like cod liver oil
no one likes wearing rotting fish!
peels the scab over the pimple faster than usual when i breakout
although the skin surface turns over
it smells like the puss that oozes out of an infected wound
it smelled that bad
the smell was so fishy my gag reflex kicked in immediately :
like fish rotting in the sun bad.
pour fish oil over raw chicken
it also smells like a freezer-burned popsicle
the lingering smell of dirty copper pennies
even after washing your h
it lingers on your fingers
smells like rotten fish
smells like burnt scrambled eggs on my face.
smells like mushrooms and fish oil had a baby.
it smells like fish oil
like you're slathering old fish oil all over your face
leaves my face super greasy
while i don't have a lot of acne scarring
noticed it reddened my skin
its too oily for my skin.
and my face wasn't oily and shiny.
this moisturizer is too heavy and greasy.
you only a light dab on your finger
my skin does naturally get rid of scars
my uber oily skin
i don't deal with puffiness
i've noticed this whether i use the cream on my lids
no change in my eye puffiness or shadows/reddish brown under the eyes
it hydrates my eyes
left a greasy looking residue every time i applied it
it gave my eyes the chicken skin appearance.
little white bumps all over my lids
it is a light cream that lightly moistens the eye area
it reduces puffiness a hair
the mixture between cream
it stripped all moisture from my cheeks which are a normal skin texture
removed all the dirt
there would still be residue on my white towel
rubbing it all over your face
a little dot of product goes a long way with it foaming
the worst part is that the smell clings to your baby hairs
it stripped my combination skin of all moisture
its less foamy for one and every.
i still notice traces of eyeliner
it rubs on the bottom of my eyes
gently wiping my under eye
the texture was very runny
is very runny in texture
when you use the metal roller to depuff
it helps a tiny bit in the puffiness at first
cools my puffy eyes
my under eyes are still puffy
i don't have puffiness
i didn't mind the stinging/burning sensation
i've developed a red scaly patch under my eye right where i apply it
i love the meal of the metal roller ball under
there is a tingling sensation while it dries
the metal ball roller felt great when applying.
the cold metal tip applies a tingle-y liquid.
all of my concealers were getting trapped there
my eyes still look puffy.
i do not put it in my eyes on purpose the product is runny
it also was very runny
it makes the skin under my eyes sting
almost like it bruises
puffiness now i have wrinkles under my eyes
i am oily acne-prone skin
it's keeps my redness controlled
smelled like old dust
i would describe it as an old dust smell.
my face get lots of red patches
i got this as it was recommended by a worker to help the redness in my cheeks
it pilled on my skin
smells like burnt plastic and asphalt.
its just a white lotion.
it just left my skin greasy
cheeks from past sun damage
who wants to swap redness for smelling like eggs?
watery that even as gently
smells slightly of sulfur on application
this did nothing for my facial redness.
didn't remove or improve redness
is a known skin irritant
i didn't see any results on the redness on my cheeks
did not help with redness around my nose
first of all it has a horrible sulfuric smell
it has done nothing to relieve any of the redness on my cheeks
i am dry with redness on cheeks
i smelled a sulfur smell when using it
it made my face red all over like an allergic reaction
s red clay cleanser
many fine spider veins on my cheeks
it did not reduce the redness i experience on my cheeks
it's a very strong rotten eggs/hydrogen sulfide scent
i get occasional redness
still smelled like sulfur
nose caused by tiny
acne scarring on my cheeks
as soon as i put a drop of the serum on my finger i was slightly concerned at its oily consistency
it drips all over the place
like the opaque bottle
when i'm wearing heavy makeup
left my skin smooth
out of my hairline to prevent breakouts
left with cloudy vision as the oil sticks to the lens
shu does it on the first lather.
not for acne prone or oily skin.
it does mattify however it peels off when rub my skin
i broke out a little on my jawline
mine is very oily
it did nothing for my oily acne prone skin
i felt like it clogged my pores
while this lotion is not greasy- it actually dried my skin to flakiness in places
still had a shiny nose
forehead by the afternoon
not for mattifying oily skin
my skin feels oily by midday
t dried up the area around my cheeks
it left white residue all over from the product formula
face as oily as usual
shine on my forehead
the texture of my cheeks became pretty sticky
oily after using this product
my skin gets very oily about an hour after application
this made my face twice as oily
this one is clogging my pores
the lid to the jar is glued tight
replaces it with oiliness
thick and sticky when going on.
makes my skin sting.
rubbing my face to try
this cream made my skin plump
my whole face peeled off and was really flaky.
my whole face peeled off and was really flaky.
makes jokes asking if i used olive oil :
i hate the smell of this--very chemically/rubbing alcohol-like that completely turned me off
left behind an oiliness that i used a cleanser to remove
it left my eyeliner
bits of mascara even with lots of massaging
it is an oil based product that actually leaves a sheen of oil on your face
my skin is already oily.
i literally could have fried an egg on my face.
especially the black peel of mask
to pull out the impurities
after that is causing breakouts on my forehead
slightly oily t-zone
by the time i rinsed the cleansing oil off there was not a trace of makeup left on my face
depending on the mascara sometimes i run a cotton swab with makeup remover under my lashes after i shower
for a couple minutes after rinsing it off the eyes
leaves an oily film in my eyes after washing.
the pad is covered in dirt
whiteheads at this point
all over my forehead
bump and white heads galore.
i got tiny colorless bumps like my skin was purging
it didn't caused any irritation to my sensitive/combination/acne prone skin skin
flesh colored bumps everywhere on my face
a deep expression line in my forehead
had to put a spot of red nail polish on the tiny
it ripped my skin appart
it dried out my face, and irritated my sinuses.
still gabe my skin moisture
it leaves me moisturized all day without a heavy sticky greasy feeling
it feels kinda waxy after it settles in
never on my cheeks
wrinkly all over my face with this
2 oz for $20 while the red clay wash is $24 for 4
i love my red clay wash
i even got it on my cheekbones
jawline which i never get acne on
rritate my check bone area skin
when i tried this my cheeks became crackly
if i was to put a metal spoon in the fridge
lightly hold it over my puffy eyes
the cold steel ball both work to reduce puffiness
dries out my eyelids
my eyes are still a bit puffy due to allergies
if forms white precipitates on my lashes
i liked that it had the metal rollerball to "de-puff" my bags
the roller applicator is a nice idea.
pulls at my skin
it does nothing for undereye circles or puffiness
i often have puffy eyes in the morning.
the metal rolling ball feels cool
the cooking effect of the metal ball feels amazing
foundation or pressed powder will lift the wax
coat your applicator or come off on your fingers
a light dusting of loose powder
it begins to flake off
just a bottle filled with silicone
the serum left a greasy/waxy residue on my face that flaked off every time i touched it
the combination of the two products made my skin itch
is just too greasy for my oily skin
just average moisturizer in a heavy glass jar.
the cream is a thick texture
i found that it clogged my pores the morning after applying even the thinnest layer to my face
thick for my oily skin
the skin around my eyes
it does nothing for dark circles or puffiness.
your concealer will start to clump up all under your eyes
actually helps with puffy eyes
i can just "roll" it off in the morning by rubbing my eye area gently with my finger
i still have puffy under eyes.
my eyes lids still droop.
burning sensation around my eyes
it instantly hydrates the skin under my eyes
my under eye feels sticky after applying this cream
it felt like i was applying goo around my eyes
surgery will get rid of wrinkles
her saggy eye area looks much improved
this product is sticky
doesn't fade acne scars
oily in the t-zone
i immediately looked at the bottle thinking i accidently put perfumed lotion on my face
beware if you have blemish prone skin
within a week my face broke out with tiny white pimples
get rid of acne/acne scars
it did cause a small breakout on my décolleté area at first
i got pimples on my cheeks and near my mouth.
also tried white lucent a few times
i also use the shiseido brush
the texture was too thin
i would put of lot of scented lotion on my neck hoping it would help to mask the horrid odor of the eye cream
it did nothing for my under eye circles/puffiness
it was so bad and smelled like rotting fish.
it literally smells like rotten fish
the creme itself is thick and feels greasy.
my eyes are itching
it does smell like dead fish
the eye cream seemed to make my eyes puffier
it smells like dead fish
within 5 minutes my eyeliner was migrating
i found it to be greasy
including flakiness on my eyelids
it smells like fish
would prefer to kiss me with wrinkles than smelling like rotten fish
it also evaporated into a thick brown tacky substance
the fish smell is terrible.
it smells like dead fish
it literally makes me nauseous
with a thick film on top
the face smells like decay
because the "fish scent" is
i wouldn't buy this if it turned my brown eyes blue
like fish left out in the sun.
the rotting fish smell is downright nauseating
the sticky feeling of having sunscreen on my skin never went away
just red splotches from my skin being parched
my forehead would look so shinny
i got pimples on my checks
forehead from this product
my face is prone to acne
especially around my cheeks
it left me with an oily face throughout the day
it irritated my eyes horribly
i'd been wearing fab's body lotion on my face
it felt sticky on my face
my skin was red
it began sloughing around my mouth
on my brow bone
the overnight eye balm
this cream burned my skin
i've noticed that thick creams sometimes cause me to have horrible acne episodes
it was actually burning patches of skin on my face
in the first application started tingling/burning
my make-up smudged
i mean everything from eyebrow pencil to eyeliner to mascara
if i rub my face after putting it on i can rub off excess skin mixed with lotion
it leaves my skin feeling dirty
leaving a shinny film on my skin after application
this spf rolled off my skin.
this turned me greasy
oily t-zone in the afternoon
stayed on the surface as a greasy film
le that sticky film feeling
that there is a residue
that it would help control my oily skin
this leaves a white residue when you rub it in
i usually have oily skin
leaves my oily skin ten times more oily
this product has made my skin start chafing off!
even my oily spots
it's easily peeled/rubbed off
the product started flaking off my skin
my skin can be oily
it smells like bug spray
leaves no oily residue
then my skin becomes oily again
it is nauseous and gives me a headache!
almost like the texture was clogging my pores
leaves a heavy feel after rinsing
rinsed it off immediately
it has done nothing to improve the blemishes/under the skin bumps on my chin
i would get little whiteheads popping up on my chin
it felt like i was rubbing mud on my face
then rinsing it off
which is the oily part of my skin
this left a residue on my face even after using a washcloth
my toner soaked cotton swab revealed that all my makeup was still there
it left my face greasy
i am very oily and acne prone.
left my face feeling greasy
this product has a burning sensation
after you rinse it off
i felt like this left a residue on the skin
after using this cleanser i had more breakouts around my chin
wake up the next morning with an oily sheen all over my face
the pad is full of oily
kind of like an oily film
gave me more blackheads
it left my face feeling super oily
as i am constantly trying to find that perfect nonirritating moisturizer for my dry-ish/combination/hormonal acne prone around the chin kind of skin with all of its little white chin bumps
i noticed my skin was more oily the next day
redness caused by acne
the product did help reduce acne scars
acne like bumps for 4-5 days after use
didn't remove a single blackhead
the mint in the mask actually made my eyes felt itchy
grime from your clogged pores
the videos online show all this gunk in the peeled off mask
the pores on my nose
other oily prone areas of my face are still clogged
peels gently, but did not remove black heads.
not one blackhead was pulled out
sort of like elmer's white glue.
it also smelled strongly of white glue.
stick with homemade masks
on such a thick heavy gross coat of this for like 45
i applied a very thick layer.
felt like peeling elmers glue off your skin.
i put on a very thick layer to the point where it was dripping off
i applied thick layer
my skin tingles now.
it pull little of my blackhead off my pores
pulled it of or waxed it
it use to be just by my sideburns
if anything this felt like a wax more than removing blackheads
it also did nothing for the pores or removing black heads
this literally smells like elmers glue.
honestly it probabaly is glue and charcoal.
i feel like it did help to exfoliate some of the dead skin cells off my face
the white mask by boscia
charcoal peel-off masks are bad for pores
reddned my cheeks clogging my pores
my skin type: oily at t zone
i looked like a sweaty oily mess in the sun
she has tons of black heads
with almost all raving about its success at removing blackheads
given my issues with textured skin/blackheads
it peels off nothing
those little facial hairs
i'll stick to my pore strips.
why it'll rip my baby hairs around hairline out
not pull out the blackheads
i dread peeling it.
you need a thick layer to get it to peel.
right after using it there were two blackheads on my chin
leaves my face red, patchy and itchy....so weird!
made my face flushed.
this makes my eyes so watery
cons: made my eyes water
irritated the skin on my cheeks
those who have oily skin
i applied it after washing
the mask didn't have much residue or blackheads on it post-peel
it removes baby hairs but not blackheads.
you need to apply a thick layer
you will see your blackheads
don't waist your money
it don't remove black or white heads
without actually removing the blackheads
this stuff gave me pimples on my cheeks
this made my cheeks even look oily
left my skin feeling sticky
this soaks into my skin
i notice my skin gets a little oily from it.
because dipping my fingers in the jar seems unsanitary
needs to be rubbed in a bit
this particular creme made my face greasy
downside is it leaves my skin feeling greasy on my forehead
my skin has gone from oily to normal
the ones with the pink label
it was oily and broke my face out.
wayy too thick for my combination skin.
yet if felt greasy and a bit waxy.
it made me super oily
after just 4 days of use i have acne on my chin
around my outer eye
i applied both to my neck
currently i have some expression wrinkles on my forehead
as a wrinkle corrector not so muck
the texture of my forehead was older looking as well
everything i've always read suggests that light dabbing
the cream was waxy and hard to apply.
dragging the delicate eye area when applying
seems to have helped with the puffiness if under-eye bags
i love the thick
on day 6 i noticed tiny pimples?
i like the thick consistency.
my dry patches are peeking through my makeup
it made my makeup slick off
my fave look almost scaly
cream on my face
eyeliner all over my face
still saw flecks of my eyeliner still on
so gentle when it washes off all my makeup
forehead area after just a couple days of use
had 4 pimples on my face
my forehead looked flakey almost
my skin immediately turns red
that can have both oily
balances out my oily skin
i usually love bobbi brown
i think it was the algae in it
it was a little thick
since i like bobbi brown
it remained a bit oily
the eye cream ended up turning a bit runny on my skin
a clean canvas for eye makeup
some creasing in the inner corners
i still get creases
my outer eye area began to peel
it leaves my eyes with a stinging
melts into the skin which i like
this would be a good beginners eye cream or for someone with oily skin around the eyes
my skin was irritated with mild burning
this hydrating eye cream from bobbi brown had made me teary
this wash is hard to rinse off
it must be rinsed off well
because i love all of bobbi brown stuffs
my oily t zone less oily
almost like bad $1 soap lemon dish soap
instead it made it worse with my already oily skin caused crease lines
left me ultra oily
my skin is oily in my t zone
occasionally acne prone with some hyper-pigmentation
my face looks oily all day
i didn't notice any decrease in the appearance of wrinkles on my face or forehead
shea is not good for oily skin
wrinkles around my eyes
just dab it under my eyes
it irritates my eyes
this eye cream completely damaged my skin texture
to smooth under my eyes
greasy to wear during the day under makeup
white chalky residue…..not for me
this product left a sticky white residue on my face after drying
feel like dried elmer's glue on your face.
this eye cream is a bit thick
the eye repair cream hasn't helped with the dark circles
the concealer glides on just fine
oily to even attempt to wear it during day time
i saw "use tissue to wipe away/blend any white residue"
little fuzz balls were in my hairline
turns into a gooey mess
using a damp cloth to blot away the film
i mixed it in with my argan moisturizer because i read that so many people had a white residue left on their face
my face felt chalky
then the white residue formed.
slightly wetting my face after applying
the white residue will still form
the slightest touch made the product/moisturizer ball up
there is a white residue left on afterwards
she tried to blot it off with a wet towel
it just leaves white steaks or white crumbles
little white "crumbs" will appear
soon a white film appears
oh if you use a wet cloth after a thick layer dries
u pat white residue off so face is damp again you can use damp paper towel to make gel ball up
you get a white patchy residue on skin
it suggest you pat off with a damp cloth.
white residue forms within minutes
i tried everything: a heavier application with "residue touch ups" to feather out the white film
even with applying a "skim coat" of this product
it left a white chalky residue
if you put on too thick it leaves a cakey residue on your face
the product is a thick beige gel that is applied to the under eye area
just enough to lightly cover my under eye puffiness
after drying there was a thick white powdery residue left on the skin
it felt as if i had applied glue.
the white residue that it leaves behind
for the white residue
it left a white film
cons: white cakey spots where skin is a bit more dry like under eyes
dries out skin so after 3 days of use i had skin flaking off
leaves a nasty white film on your face.
i used it on my forehead
patting it very gently with a damp washcloth
loose skin on my neck
it leaves a white residue on the skin
plus, the chalky white residue made a mess.
have to swipe a damp cloth over my face
product lifted my slightly deep folds around my mouth awesome till you have to rinse off the white residue
i did try just dabbing water
the white powder everyone talks about is there
if you get the white powder to disappear
crusty residue left once it's dried
"splashing" off the white residue
i rinsed my face gently
it kept drying in clumps on ny eye area.
finally i tried wiping with a wet q-tip once the crust had dried on to my skin
help deminish the fine lines on my forehead
when my skin is bare
after washing or a shower
it irritated my skin
clogged my pores like crazy
it does soothe my skin after using makeup wipes
made me break out all over my forehead in tiny little bumps
it cakes up your pores so you have white dots all over your face
leaves your skin sticky all night
felt sticky and oily on my skin all day.
acne prone in some areas
it leaves my skin feeling a bit sticky after
ter in this is a no for those who are prone to clogged pores
once my skin is clogged
clogged pores started to come back after i've finally tamed my skin from a horrible skin congestion from a lactic acid product i was using
chin are very flaky
chin without any moisture
oily that i had to stop using it
it was just a thick and kind of nasty texture.
had a bit of a grape seed smell to it
the lotion would clump into little balls
it also clogged my pores.
it rubbed off into little rolls after rubbing it on my face
almost the same effect you get when you rub glue between you fingers
this product is thick
it made my skin red
it peels up under makeup.
my puffy eyes are more due to allergy conditions.
it got rid of some of the puffiness
left an oily residue
i got this for the occasional udder eye puffiness
the applicator tip is kind of cool.
using this product made my under eye concealer very sticky
the liquid is thicker which is an odd sensation
does nothing for puffy eyes
a gel gilled eye mask works better .
the 3 roller balls would be genius
the metal balls give a nice
it does get rid of my puffy eyes
my easily clogged pores
felt sticky after application
this cream dries my oily skin out.
the sides of my nose were pealing
usually my skin is oily
flaky as well as irritated with red bumps
i also suffer from perioral dermatitis
an oily t-zone
leaving it very oily
my oily skin hates this
hard paste that you have to scrape out of the tub
because if you touch the spatula with your finger
then put the spatula in the jar
easier to use a eye/lip cream packaged in a squeeze tube
somehow make the purple that shows through thin undereye skin magically disappear?
the skin around my eyes looked less wrinkly
obsessed with this eye cream.
lightly rubbed in the product
it left a coating that turned into white flakes as it dried
this product smelled like dirty socks to me
my concealer creases a lot over it
concealer hasn't creased once
it dries my upper lip
this eye cream smells like a combination of wet dog
flaky after using this
it was a bit thick for an eye cream.
saw it was because the eye cream is actually is a pouch inside the canister--the canister is not actually full
i tried waiting a few mites
it smells nice, but it leaves an oily residue.
leaves a white film on the skin when packed on
every time i push the nozzle
every time i go into the bathroom there is a puddle of oil under the bottle
nope, it leaks out of the lid gap.
my skin does not abosrb it so my skin looks oily oily oily
wouldn't recommend for oily skin.
the large jar without any kind of spatula is unpleasant to use
it clogged my pores
caused some red pimples
this moisturizer starts out thick
it's on the thick side.
use it as a night time neck cream
left my skin greasy
my skin looked blotchy
it seems to soothe my eye area
applied i left a sticky feeling around my eyes
fell in love with the moisture bound eye treatment gel
slathered some on my clean face
that whole white part unscrews off
i woke up with tiny little whiteheads all over my forehead
make my skin oily after awhile
and now i have to deal with my oiliness.
it is like a thin lotion
if you're skin is oily
my face turned into a shiny oily mess
patting it dry to get rid of the excess
it left a sticky film on my face
an oily t-zone
my oily skin was back
i used this product under take a deep breath moisturizer
my pores on my cheeks are still big
left my skin too oily.
nothing happened to my pores on my nose
the skin there was covered in red blotches that were surrounded by bright white skin
this product seemed a little oily on my skin
visibility of pores on my nose
didn't notice any improvement in the appearance of my blackheads/pores
this caused me to get some red, flaky patches.
it did help on my nasial labia folds somewhat.
around mouth versus cheeks
not the miraculous forehead line eraser i'd hoped from either product
wrinkly versus oily skin with deep set lines
this irritated my skin
by day 4 my skin was raw.
my face was tomato red!
my skin seemed more sallow while using it
made my skin peel just as much as a professional chemical peel
which required a lot of elbow grease because the serum was so thick in the bottle
goes on nicely, not too thin or thick.
it makes my face smell like a dirty sock
the flakes on my forehead
this made my cheeks
eruptions forming under the skin on my face
made my skin look worn
i felt it clogged my pores
after about one week i noticed my skin looking super saggy
this one flakes off the skin
my makeup starts to flake off
exposed to sun in california
doesnt cause makeup to get cakey
it did help a bit with puffiness
night by lightly patting it in
the texture of the cream is thick
puffiness under my eyes
it smelled like boiled eggs.
makes my skin around my eyes a little itchy at first
it made my entire eye region very wrinkly
if you don't have oily skin or sensitive eyes
deeper lines on my forehead
i saw "use tissue to wipe away/blend any white residue"
eyelids had those little white makeup flake/balls we have all experienced
like others who have reviewed i had a white residue left on my skin after product dried
alas the white residue remained
i dabbed a little under both eyes
gave a somewhat hollowed eye look
it leaves a white residue all over
white residue covered in glitter
who has rather puffy under eyes
it looks like glue
causes creases where it sticks the skin together
when the product dries it leaves a white residue that's very apparent
does this product firm wrinkled areas
i ended up with a white residue
even bought a nylon makeup brush per the directions to apply
experienced the white flaky residue
this isn't the miracle for super oily skin
before using it on delicate eye skin
after drying it turned to a powdery white that was not blendable
struggled with the white residue
works well to smooth under eye area with no white residue
show streaks under the makeup
first it left a white crust under eyes even when i used a tiny amount of product as the directions state
dries into a hard white crust making make-up application impossible
it lease a crusty white residue that is impossible to get off
or with the "white residue" that other reviewers had
it dries down to a crusty residue that resembles dry skin
i try to pat away with a damp sponge
there are still flakes
following with an eye cream does help with the flakiness
the delicate tissue under my eyes actually looked crepey
it leaves a white coating on your skin !!!
dries out your eyes
it left a white flaky film on my face
it leaves a white dry residue that is hard to get off without washing your face or rubbing
it turned chalky if i left it on
or if i washed it off as directed the puffiness re-appeared
at the expense of having all this flaky residue
i too had issues with a white residue
does nothing for puffiness
it leaves a white powdery residue
make my eye burning
it felt like i had elmers glue under my eyes
it leaves a chunky film of white paste under your eyes
now i have red puffy eyes with a white film.
then it turns crinkly
the white residue could not be hidden with moisturizer or concealer
puffiness under my eyes
my eyes had more crinkling
wrinkling apparent at the crows feet area from the stiffness of the product
i decided to try it again underneath my tinted moisturizer
it leave this residue
i worked amazing at smoothing my undereye bags
it dried white on my eye skin
then turned into a noticeable egg white-looking substance that i had to dab off with a damp tissue
have the bags removed surgically
this product goes on with a thickish consistency
dries to a thin whitish powder
look like an oil slick
cheeks while wearing makeup
it left a dry ashy look on my skin.
began noticing little clogged pores on my nose
a few on my cheeks/under my eyes
greasy on my skin
it just feels like you are rubbing grease on your face
then slathering face oil on afterwards compared to this
i still had black residue under
around my eyes from liner
mascara despite rubbing the oil all around my eyes
it pulls on my skin and is sticky.
my skin used to be oily
even formerly oily skin shouldn't use oil-based products
the oil is thick and didn't glide over my skin.
sticky paste all over your face
has a glue like texture until you add lots of water
my cheeks became flaky
it leaves a bit of a residue after rinsing
the texture is on the thicker side
left an oily film
in fact it just made my mascara stick to my eyelashes by creating a gloopy mascara residue
don't accidentally get it in your mouth while washing your face
the smell lingered on my face after using the cleanser
the instructions said to massage into skin until milky
i'll revert to the shu uemura or bare minerals cleansing oil after i finish this bottle
sticky that it like tugs on your skin if you attempt to rub it in
i swear it is like magnetized to my mouth
thin out the thick layer of goo that's left on your face
sticky texture that doesn't soak in or glide around
stinging feeling on my cheeks
it makes my skin oily
it clogged my pores
it is too oily for combo/oily skin
the lotion texture is thin
my face looks greasier with this lotion on
it makes my face looks oily all day
going bare with this moisturizer makes it oily looking
it made my face really oily throughout the day.
each time it leaves my skin very oily
i find that it leaves my skin feeling sticky
it made my face greasy
the consistency is kind of thick
smelled just like insect repellent
it leaves your face looking caked.
the lotion felt thick
it kind of sits on the skins surface without plumping things up
under the skin pimples
almost looked like a ton of blackheads
after applying the cream i feel grease on my h
ncredibly greasy that my skin was oily for hours after
i woke up with a super oily skin，so no，wouldnt recommend
it left a waxy feel to my face.
it lightened the dark circles under my eyes amd moisturized my lips
it feels so heavy and sticky on my skin.
i got some flaky skin around the inner corner of the eyes area after i started using this cream
defiantly not for oily
nothing for puffiness, lines, or dark circles.
it made my eyes itchy
everything i put on this eye cream to hydrate under neath my eyes
i wake with really oily eye lids
sometimes this eye crème makes my eyes water
i do not have dark circles / puffiness
i got this eye cream
didn't smudge my eyeliner or mascara
it is thick and somewhat greasy.
soothe my winter skin
that is, if you can bear the stench.
it doesn't leave my oily skin greasy
my face had splotches resembling a "bad" sunburn
will have white cast on your under eyes
my eyes were still puffy
if you over apply it will flake off when you apply concealer or people with oily skin types may run into the flaking as well
it irritated my undereye area.
have crepey skin under my eyes
the eye cream started curdling to use a phrase from another reviewer
burned bmy eyes like fire
my eyes became so puffy that it felt as though i had poison ivy
smells like sweaty socks that got left in the washer or sour milk :/
i don't suffer from dark circles or puffiness just fine lines forming
i've noticed less creasing with my concealers when i use it before makeup application
a dark wrinkle around my outer v
patchy to the point of peeling
i also developed a red line on the outer corner of my eyes after using this
but burt's bees eye cream was more firming.
the cream applies sticky.
second applications i noticed a tingling/stinging sensation on my under-eyes
right 5 1/2 inch platorm stiletto heels?
this one felt oily to me
the tube i received is discolored
some patches are white
kind of like when your white shirt is stained
it also leaves a slight sticky/tacky feeling on your skin
my skin was covered in little red bumps
beware for the oily!
it felt a little sticky
actually this serum made me break out horribly on my chin
also on my cheeks :
i noticed my eyes would get that "eye goo" throughout the day
smear my contact lenses for whatever reason
my eyes would water
it was the eye cream
it burns my eyes
it makes my under eye concealer crease
it has a thick waxy texture
your eyes will be irritated
even when i gently dab it on
it burns my eyes
this eye cream is thick
this eye cream caused my eyes to turn red
i don't like rubbing a lot under my eyes
even my eye liner
the skin under my eyes
watery eyes like i do with this cream
i noticed absolutely no difference only a bit of oily residue under my eyes
the tip of my fingers
bumpy clogged pores around the eyes
i always layered it over another cream because i found it helped "seal" the moisture in
my eyes are watering
most eye creams i can apply a small amount on my fingertip
the only eye creme i use that burns
it made my eyes itch
it stings when applied under my eyes.
to the point that is flaking
contact lens wearers beware.
eye shadow primer cause creasing near the inner corner of my eyes under the lower eyelids
i ended up with very shiny lids
this eye cream is a dud.
does little for puffiness or darkcircles
it left my eye area feeling greasy
it continued to make my eyeliner
smudge the entire day
am starting to see some red blotches
i wash my chest with my facial cleanser
it can be oily
it hydrates my under eye area
the korres black pine firming eye cream
made my eyes water
i don't have oily skin or oily eyelids
it hovers between tingling
i wouldrecommend it to anyone with normal to oily skin
made my eyes puffy
it does not cause my under eye concealer to glob
still have residue on my skin
it melts into your skin
when the cream is exposed to air
i imagine this would work for normal to oily skin
because of this redness it also made my skin very itchy
this keeps my skin from flaking
the solution is sticky
is it supposed to be a brown liquid?
she mentioned that hydroquinone could make deeper skin look blotchy
not raised or pocked
besides the hyper-pigmentation i have on my cheeks
it felt like the product was being smeared around on my face when i put on the sunscreen
this just caused breakouts near the acne scars i applied to
my pores r clogged
traps dirt deep inside.
all i could think about was tortilla chips being fried in lard
left a slimy residue on my skin
it also left a weird oily feeling on my face after
i couldn't find the mitten used for this cleanser
use the cleaning cloth from evelom
the oil is black
still have somewhat oily skin
i found it left a heavy oily residue that was impossible to rinse off
it almost smells something burnt
the next morning i woke up with 20 tiny whiteheads on my forehead
i am sticking to my sr blue moon cleansing balm.
this product feels like axle grease
it's like rubbing wet cigarette ashes on your face
it felt a little like snot mixed with gritty mud.
when i wet it the cleaner after rubbing my yes
my eyes continues to be oily rinse after rinse after rinse
it smells like rotten plastic
it's just gross, goopy, smelly, black, gunk.
dirty on your skin afterwards
leaves face greasy and filmy.
it leaves an oily film on the skin
just rub some olive oil on your face
left my skin with a thick greasy film on top of it
my face also felt a bit oily afterwards.
and leave a grease layers on skin.
even though i rinse with a mitt or flannel
under-the-skin spots
a cross between the rubber on an inner tube tire
it left my skin feeling greasy
with my normal facewash
the price + how greasy/oily a residue it leaves is why i'm giving it 3 stars
i rubbed it in my fingers
the sample was runny/ gooey and warm.
this is so oily
it cleans like a balm
it leaves an oily film
which comes with a cloth
the dissolved makeup off your skin
it felt like i had smeared eucalyptus scented chest rub all over my face
leaves a greasy residue on skin
it removed waterproof makeup
more like oily mess!!
it smelled like dirt
i even used a wash cloth to scrub my face while rinsing it off
i don't use a brush
this cleanser left my skin clean
like chemicals or plastic or
although this is foamy i still felt like i had residue after i rinsed
going back to my clinique facial bar soap
left my face with red patches
if rubber could rot
this dried my skin out and made it peel!
my skin became very dry even thou i have oily skin
the smell of the cleanser is off putting
especially for oily skin since they aren't greasy feeling
which has blue green algae
i found that my skin got oily in half the amount of time it would normally take for my skin to get oily
for me personally i have oily skin
paper-y on my cheeks
noticed massive dry blotches under my chin
it clogged my pores
brittle in some places
mainly because it hydrates without leaving a greasy feeling
this product leaves my skin feeling oily
it is not oily at all.
all i find after a night's sleep is that my skin gets oily
i started to notice an allergic reaction in the form of a patch of dry skin on my neck
don't use if you have oily skin!
makes my face super oily.
also leaves an oily residue on the skin after use
left my skin feeling sticky
like there was a film of residue leftover
the sticky film that it leaves behind is what caused the breakouts
left a sticky feeling on my face
it also leaves a sticky feeling on my face that i have to rinse off
does leave behind a bit of a sticky residue
there was some difficulty removing eyeliner
i really bought to remove lip colors especially matte products
the smell was too intense almost like i washed my lips with soap
this smells horrible and leaves a soapy residue.
leaves skin a bit oily and it does have a scent.
i still rinse/wash my face.
my face is actually peeling like i have a sunburn
greasy film behind that i would either rinse off or remove with a toner
i started getting a ton of blackheads
never in my life have i had blackheads
the blackheads all cleared up
i've tried soaking my cotton pad
it leaves my skin feeling sticky
it leaves my skin greasy and sticky.
it stings your eyes
actually it smells like nail polish remover
it leaves a greasy sticky residue on my face.
it gives me the feeling of sitting on the outer layer of the skin
it smelled ok and applied easily.
t creates little puffed pouches under my eyes that i don't easily have
applied this eye cream to my upper eyelids
it itched my skin
it also made me break out in tiny bumps on my forehead
made me break out in tiny bumps on my cheeks
there's no redness or burning
this literally made my face squeaky clean.
it left my skin feeling rubbery after washing it off
the cleanser also showed no change in how oily my skin was
forehead which i've never had before
left my face feeling squeaky clean
dragging my fingers down my cheeks garnered a tiny squeaking noise that was unsettling
the zits are just as red
it does shrink my pimples
i would rather have a pimple for a week than a nasty dry scab
it left reddish purple markings where i had put it on my skin
00 for a thimble amount of goop
sticking to tea tree oil for acne
my pimple has not healed.
tiny size, and makes my skin feel taunt and dry.
with white heads or deeper blemishes i use a clay mask as a spot treatment over night or a drying lotion like eradikate
it did not reduce redness or pimple size
it started to feel a bit oily on the top
then i started getting deeper oily bumps on the side of my forehead
skin that gets oily with the wrong one
when i washed my face
the cream was washing off
i found it little oily on my combination skin
greasy for my skin
it made my skin itchy
to thick for my normal to combo skin.
my skin was flaking after i used it even after i put moisturizer on
an oil slick stain on my pillow
it almost reminds me of pencil shavings.
the small patch of puffiness pops up
i love their face washes
this cream is way too thick
after using it for 2 night i realized that it clogged my pores around the chin area
it also clogged my pores
t might have clogged my pores
i get blemishes on my jaw line
the inner "plastic cover" bended into the product
my skin just flakes
not as much as it clogged my pores around my nose
sits on my skin in a greasy film
a bit on my chin
chin as if the product burned it a little
it also made my skin flake from dryness.
white tea extract made me melt
i've got oily blemish-prone
while using this my skin got oilier
grime from your skin
i only use this when my skin is oily
this was recommended based on my oily
a little oily in the t-zone
it made me more oily
usually while deep conditioning my hair
instead it feels like thick paint.
little on my chin
you will see a lot of spots on the dried mask which is oil/toxins being pulled out of your skin
suffer from large pores on my nose
it helps with oiliness
it reduces the oiliness
the original skin rose clay mask-- for me
wash, mask, pore strip.
first i got a cup of boiling water
it did not clear out pores / blackheads
rubbed my face raw
might work better for oily skin.
would work better for oily skin.
it doesnt burn my skin either.
the mask left my face looking sunburnt
i love charcoal masks.
the next day i feel like my skin was more reddish
my oily skin has large pores
white/blackheads that seemed even more enlarged the next day of using the mask
not once has it cleared my blackheads
i added tree tea oil in it-
skin pigment isn't darker
gave me terrible clogged pores
acne on my eyelids
made my eyes itch!!!
in fact that the skin was flaking
it causes my eyeliner
some ingredients in this cream make your eyes sting
it has completely dried out my eyelids
it dried my skin after i washed my face at night which caused my very oily skin to make even more oils over night
gunk to the surface of your skin
like a bad combination of tea tree oil
it was very foamy and tightened my skin.
lots of redness all over my chin
pureness deep cleansing foam
oily on my forehead
it is a good foamy face wash
it washed off my makeup easily
scabs all over that would peel off
btw i have oily skin and acne prone skin.
then it made it more oily
dryness around my mouth
some patches were even flaky.
clogged my pores horribly
upon application on clean washed skin
control my oily areas
my skin is oily and dry and have acne.
leaves behind a little redness
it numbs my face a bit
leaves a film when i rinse it off
it left my skin red
oily all over the face
it did nothing for my dry patches on my forehead
this irritated my skin
i normally have combination oily skin
after i rinse off
just toweled it off
rinsed it off the other time
red acne scars all over my face
if your skin is oily
by afternoon i was oily.
on the oily/normal parts
this made my liquid foundation slip
oily/blemish prone skinned girl here.
i don't have very oily skin
have oily combo skin
low for a product to save me from my oily mess
way too oily for an oil free lotion
it doesn't provide the moisture my cheeks
it makes my skin more oily
the skin around my eyes feels a bit pinched
tt if your on a budget just put some white toothpaste on the pimples
just like peach ice cream
forehead is less oily after though.
i woke up with 15-20 whiteheads all over my forehead
bring down the redness
impurities or diminishing spots of this mask are just invisible to my skin
especially the charcoal mask
imagine a basket of vegetables rotting for a month or two
leaves a very unflattering black residue on your face
tried this for my acne prone teenage son's skin
it dries me out to the point my skin is flaming off
good for people with oily skin
light moisturizer for oily-skinned people
that it clouded my complexion with the activated charcoal
gave me a gross unbreathable feeling
i soaked a pad in toner
it was all black like the color of this gel
i freaked out thinking i had a bruise when applying my makeup
t dried with a blackish tint on my forehead
mpossible to scrape the jar because of the pump
i gave it a 3 star because i noticed this residue after i applied my urban decay powder it's like this moisturizer
powder mixed together is forming this blackish
i started rubbing my makeup
this black hydrating gel to see if it causes the same residue that it was left behind previously
like the sparkle stuff in the gel is rubbing off
more on the gray side
this makes my oily skin even oilier!
feels non-sticky on the skin
you'll rub off little black particles
it's kind of like rubbing off sun-burned skin.
this also made my face oily.
this product made me breakout around my hairline
good for oily skin, absorbs quickly.
i found it was thick
the under eye wrinkles are appearing
dab your finger into
it has clogged the little pores on the outer edges near the corner of my eye
many eye treatments i've tried make my eyes water
it doesn't appear as wrinkly
slowly drooping upper lids
this origins product also made me a bit puffy
flakey patches on my cheeks
aka clogged my pores
all over my forehead
i tend towards dryish skin
sun screen then foundation
it feels almost slimy
the annoying tiny little whitehead-like bumps on my forehead disappeared
leaves your face very sticky.
i found it sticky
this left my face feeling sticky
my face feels sticky all day
almost like rubbing alcohol
it leaves a sticky residue as well
it hydrates the skin by leaves a sticky residue.
the residue is just nasty
my hair sticks to my face
it kind of just creates a layer of moisture on top of the skin to keep it from peeling or flaking
i prefer the yellow moisturizer.
it has a chemical smell
washed my face with my clinique face wash
it kinda smells like rubbing alcohol.
the intense it feels sticky
it did clogged my pores
you could use your knuckle or a spatula
it also was on the thick oily side
i love regular moisture serge
get regular moisture serge!
the cream has a very strong nail polish remover like smell
did nothing for my droopy eyelids
there was no change in the contour or the amount of crinkle of my upper eyelids
i started to get pimples on my upper eyelids
my saggy eyelids are very disappointed.
the area is red
youth to my upper eyelid area
i started getting chapped eyelids
my semi-droopy eyelid was flat
it irritated my eye area.
it gets all caked up
i found it to feel like it was drying my eyelid
i do not notice any difference in the sagginess of my eyelids or my undereye puffiness
i saw clogged pores all over my cheeks
the serum sat on the surface of my skin
leaving a sheen- like my face was covered in saran wrap
even days when i only wore a tinted moisturizer or bb cream
this product good for oily and very oily skin.
this product was suggested to me in the store as a daily face wash to combat afternoon oiliness
i found that my skin overcompensated
as if this product filled them with black gunk
like the warming but left skin feeling unclean
in my nose its have blackheads
i can unscrew the lid
it is a thick goop that lathers nicely
i am a combo-oily skin
i wouldn't recommend it for oily skin
not oily at all
i would have less prominent lines on my forehead
leaves skin feeling moisterized not oily
unfortunately my foundation oxidized over the top of it though
slightly sagging upper lids
made my eyes itchy
scaly patches that would only heal when i stopped using the produced
i occasionally get breakouts on the more oily parts of my face
this claims to be good for oily skin
runny on my skin
sticky on my skin
the shininess has been at bay
it started to make my pores clogged
small acnes around my oily zones
it flakes off near my brows for some reason
my skin is more oily
this, in fact, made my oiliness a bit worse.
s really clumpy once on my skin
oily in the same areas even after exfoliation
my pores clogged and my skin would get rough.
oily for some reason
it made my oily skin more oily.
i scrubbed my h
red itchy bumps like what others describe
so many white heads
itchy skin after use
my skin has started peeling as a result of using this night cream
this night cream left me with a super oily sking every morning
it sinus when i apply
it just leaves a sticky residue until i wash it off in the morning
being a thicker type of cream
this is too thick for a tube
squishing the thick balm out of a tube
it's like rubbing your face with a bag of potpurri
it came in a small lip balm jar
even with muslin cloth
definitely had to use a cleanser after to strip off waxy feeling
can remove completely with a washcloth
unfortunately this caused small pimples on my forehead
strip my skin bare would be good
it comes with a cloth
leaves a greasy film on skin
wash away the filmy
when i swiped my toner on with a cotton pad
no lipstick or eye makeup
i also notice some very tiny black dots in some pores
it only smudged it
i got pimples all over my face
it stings the eyes
caused blackheads after 3 days
a few whiteheads popping up
once the foam is sprayed it begins to evaporate instantly
rub it into the skin
contact with the skin
the dispenser has clogged
love her deep tissue repair cream
it looks like a small bottle of rug stain remover
the lines on my forehead
if you put it on your forehead to lessen the "11" lines it will soak into your bangs
haven't smelled the so-called fish odor
this product smells like dead fish
if you smelled the main ingredient of fermented sea kelp before it was filtered
but the odor is unpleasant.
i would use it on my face however it smells like decomposing fish
i would prefer not to cover my face with ultra thick fish smelling creme
the fish oil comments were to nice!!
it smells like rotten fish!
worse still it smells like fish oil
it literally smelled like i rubbed my face with an old musty washcloth
i then noticed my face looked oily
like crisco on my skin.
my skin is very oily
made me more oily
waist of money for me
it clogged my pores even more.
too oily to use during the day.
the cap is made of a very brittle plastic that shattered when i dropped it
the product was too oily on my skin
it leaves my face greasy
sticky when i touch my face
it made my face look slick
not a fan smelled and was greasy
melts into my skin--
from old acne scars
like doughy gym socks.
like fermenting, rotten oranges.
it has a rancid citrus-chemical smell
it leaves a greasy residue
a bit sticky after applying it
leaving me with a sticky oil-slick feeling/appearance
i'd have to wipe away the surface shine with a tissue
since i have combo-oily skin
i got this to deal with my visible enlarged pores on my nose that clogs up a lot
eventually left me a bit oily
this helped me control oiliness on the bridge of my nose as well as the sides of my nose
my forehead remained shiny
i don't want a shiny/oily face!
this serum smells like rotting cucumbers
there was a slightly sticky/tacky feeling left on my skin
i find gels usually leave this sticky coating on my skin
my fave is oily
i don't even have oily skin
slides around like a broken chapstick
it is even nice dabbed over under eye concealer through the day
this caused a burning sensation
not watery/heavy like other eye area products
it makes my under eye area itch
the tingling sensation turned to burning all day long
t's congealed into a weird waxy cylinder in the plastic case
redness around the eyes
there is less than a quarter inch of eye balm in there
the skin expert said the cause was puffy lids
make my eyes water
however it is a crayon-like substance
reducing puffiness or "reviving tired eyes"
doesn't provide any moisture and i have oily skin
greasy on the skin
greasy feeling on application
i am 37 1/2 with a thin face
too oily for other areas
my skin changed to not that oily
its not a cream, but liquidy.
the liquidy whitish fluid that collects on top of the cream
made my skin red
precious time of my slowly aging skin on this eye cream
my skin won't get red
it doesn't remove stubborn blackheads
no frozen face/mouth.
- you can use it as a spot treatment/overnight acne fixer
then dries very unpleasantly stretching the skin
it didn’t remove any dead skin cells
it clogged a few pores although i use clarisonic brush
my skin type: teenager skin
i got this to combat blackheads.
but when i removed it i still had blackheads.
this cream is greasy
the texture reminded me more of a paste
my sensitive facial skin reacted badly to this product
how this is meant for oily skin
greasy 24/7 after putting on this lotion
i started to have oiliness with the acne
this lotion turned my face into an oil slick!!
which claims to be for oily-combinatin skin types
my face looked like it had a layer of grease in it
even after blotting still shiney.
i still feel like i need to use a blotting paper to remove extra sheen
i am 31 with very oily skin prone to breakouts all the while battling wrinkles
grease lightning 2 hours in
just made my face look oily
the ceramic clay wash is my absolute favorite
it smells like something you should baste a chicken breast with
in the summer very oily
stayed oily on my skin all day
facts- i have dry skin with fine lines on forehead
rub it between my palms prior to patting it on
sort of a let-down after using the ceramic slip cleanser
expected it to do something to the the dark patches on my cheeks
this along with the cleanser burnt my skin
after one use i broke out with about 9 pimples on my forehead
it gave my face an unpleasant tingling sensation
my acne scars never faded
i noticed so many white bumps on my forehead
it didn't help with discolouration
abrasive on my skin
splotches on my forehead
the red splotches that were starting to flake off
i occasionally get a pimple or two when aunt dot comes
have some dark spots from very old acne on the chin area
my discoloration did fade a bit
helped fade some hyperpigmentation i had around my mouth
my skin got slightly more oily
i got more oily
the texture is very runny, like water.
and like a powdery residue is left over?
smells like hair dye.
doesn't remove dirt from pores.
the smell reminds me of my mother's hair dye
it smells like a toxic chemical.
exfoliate while the pores are open
just do a cold rinse to close the pores after you cleanse
it smells like concentrated stink bug odor
making it almost squeaky clean
after using this cleanser two times i've noticed a lot of white heads on my chin
it smells like burnt plastic
it smells like dirt
i skin still felt oily after i rinsed
the smell is a bit nasty
my skin felt like it had a residue
it made every pore on my face into zits
even with the "flash facial" with the good genes
redness all over my face
whiteheads are still appearing
my face feels so dry despite the visible oiliness
my skin isn't sagging
i already have an oily skin
the cream was so thick
the oil is not absorbent at all--it just sits on the surface on my face
even to someone with oily skin like me
pat into the skin
wouldn't sink into the skin without the rubbing
legs to get rid of the excess
left a faint burning sensation
i even took photos of my forehead to compare
crease into the lines on my forehead
it really thick like silicone
this did not appear to reduce wrinkles on my forehead or laugh lines
as it creates a kind of thicker coating to the area under my eyes
or upper lip wrinkles
i'd get flakey on my forehead
i think it made my skin more oily
after 5 minutes leaves my skin oily
it also smelled horrible, like plastic and wood.
am prone to acne on my forehead
keeps my skin from getting oily again
began burning with irritation
my skin is oily
oily in a matter of a couple of hours
so when you squeeze it a glob comes pouring out
my "on a clear day" prevented my oily t-zone.
my oily combo face was not helped :(
unclean after using it
greasy feeling on my already oily skin
it has my face break out in huge itchy welts
and it gave me more whiteheads.
it would start to peel my skin
the redness in my face evened out
in the white tube
bought it to use on my dry cheeks in the winter- i don't think i'd ever put it on my forehead/chin because it's very thick
i love the other sephora eye masks
it is a thick, sticky mask.
you peel off the paper
my eyes were still puffy
it had to be 1/2 inch thick
it just felt like a wet diaper.
nothing cucumber slices or an ice mask couldn't do
it was just a weird thick smooth/clingy eye cover
you're better off just using a cold wash cloth to reduce the puffiness
my acne scars don't look less pigmented.
my blackheads and whiteheads are still there.
it left a sticky after feeling
it leaves a sticky film on my skin.
i now have oily clogged patches
oily skin all day
has a slight oily/silicon feel upon application
chemicals that irritated my skin
striped my skin leaving it burning
i still have some whiteheads
it leaves a sticky residue
it also kind of leaves a sticky residue.
it smells like burnt rubber
which is a known skin irritant
it clogged my pores
is sticky on the skin
within an hour i had the usual oily sheen on my face
the first time i used it i was horrified by how my makeup looked cakey especially around my eyes
my nose was still shiny
ended up using 3 oil blotting sheets
i shouldn't have to use oil blotting wipes all over my face
this product is dryish and pasty like toothpaste.
flaking by the end of the day
this serum even caused dryness on my forehead which never happens
whenever i add it to damp hair
it felt just slightly sticky on my skin
a couple squirts for one arm
like i rubbed olive oil all over myself
you have to strain to smell it in the bottle
i used the leftovers on my arms/legs after showering
this oil comes in a glass bottle
really close to the mister nozzle
sprayed it into my palm before spreading it onto my skin
it left grease marks on my furniture
made it look greasy
i much prefer bb invisible oil for my hair
people with acne prone skin, beware!
my skin was super red, like i had a sunburn.
it gave me clogged pores
it didn't soothe or help with redness
oats on my face
however i love the matte finish as i'm a tad bit oily
i noticed my face was less oily under my makeup
background info: i'm 21 with acne prone skin
spots on my forehead
only made my cheeks
ter can clog pores- which this cream has a lot of
it keeps my redness at bay
itchy at the end of the day
the kind that are under the skin from dirt or oils
i developed lots of tiny red bumps on my forehead that took a week to disappear
not shedding any tears
the metal applicator is nice
the metal tip felt cooling on the skin around my eyes
dark circles under my eyes
made my under eye concealer crease more than usual
love the applicator tip
i am 24, oily skin.
puffy under eyes since it was from clinique
so my eye makeup sometimes smears onto the skin under my eyes
other eye makeup smudge like crazy all day
helps with the puffiness in the morning
t actually looked wrinkly
the consistency is a bit oily
the silver tip is cold
any cold metal object would do that
it made my undereyes itch
this is nothing more than a watered down concealer with an ugly yellow tint
i got this giant pimple smack dab in the middle of my cheek
it also clogged the pores on the sides of my jaw.
the texture was too syrupy for my oily/combo skin
a fairly oily t-zone
ruined the texture of my skin
i woke looking like a grease ball
my forehead broke out
this oil helped calm the itchiness
if i touched my palm lightly to my face
it came away slicked in oil
my pores were nearly invisible, my skin glowed.
it made my skin oily and prone to break outs.
my acne scars are not fading away.
have developed pimples on my cheeks
if the zits persist
especially in my forehead
irritated the mess out of my skin
i tried spot treatment on my big bumpy pimples
is barley anything in the jar
it dries down to a powdery substance on your face
i first used it as 10 mins rinse off mask
i now have more acne prone skin with enlarged pores
medium-largish whiteheads on my chin
deep pimples on my forehead
it leaves red patches where the breakouts were
leaves my skin flaky
just the odd pimple that remains stubbornly
breakouts along my jawline
i will stick to the moisture bound cream.
thick for my combo skin
it's not for dark skin people with oily skin.
i am acne prone/oily
rich for my oily combination skin
without the residue i've had with other creams
the texture is thick
i definitely expected to sprout wings or have the skin of a newborn baby the morning after slathering this on
the chief ingredient in this cream is rotten pumpkin
it smells like crushed up mushrooms
the good: it adds lots of moisture to my skin without the shiny look that some moisturizers leave behind
i am trough half of the jar
an oily consistency that i find unattractive
the serum comes out of the pump really runny
/or orange juice to help out my skin
squirt it in there like a bowl
others it seems a bit oily/sticky
it irritates my eyes
wrinkly skin under your eyes
this product burned the skin around my eyes
the fumes irritated my eyes badly
i found it too runny
left an oily residue on your eyes
it dries slightly sticky
then have to brush powder over it
film-like texture on the face which is prone to clogging pores
oily throughout the day
i found that this moisturizer is too oily for me
my skin still flakes while using this :
too light and smells like rubber
it smells like a dirty dish rag.
it soaked in quick
this took away the dry patches around my mouth/chin without giving me any whiteheads or breakouts
this left my face greasy
now my face has small pimples
as it dried my skin would tingle
tery moisture that plumped my skin prior to makeup application
sensitive skin with redness
no break outs or oily residue.
i've got sensitive, oily skin with rosacea.
left me with red bumps all over my cheeks
it is so sticky
i'd recommend this product for normal to oily skin
greasy on my face
along with a few pimples
it gave my face a sticky feeling
it leaves my skin feeling sticky
glides onto my skin
it make my cheeks redden
this product felt thick
i wouldn't recommend it for oily skin at all
ncredibly thick on the skin
this product was too heavy for my oily areas
one pump creates an oily feeling
it is not a cream to use underneath liquid foundation
though i have oilier skin
flake as if i had a sunburn
my skin is still oily
heal irritated or raw skin from blemishes
slathered my face in argan oil
made it oily as well after use :
think lip plumper tingle
looked like large flakes of dead leaves in concrete
felt like rubbing gravel over my face
charcoal masks that do a better job at deep cleansing for clogged pores
takes care of black heads
i don't trust rinsing them down the drain
it does exfoliate and balances my oily skin!
it made my cheeks red
it leaves a burning sensation
although this product exfoliated my face
like little twigs it has inside
once i washed it off my skin was bright red.
the cool metal helps a bit with puffiness.
i dot it onto my eyes
spread with my ring fingers
was making me itchy
the eye serum cracked my upper lids
the pearl applicator is annoying
i switched to using my fingertip.
i've had puffy eyes due to allergies
the applicator dispensed way too much- dripped all over my face
i think the applicator is flimsy
left my face feeling mildly sticky
my skin is still as splotchy as it was before
weird places like the side of my cheek or under my jawbone
it sits on the surface of the skin
somewhat oily in the summer
my face tends to be oily
i decided to use it regularly on just the skin on my forehead
as you put it in your face it glides very easily without leaving a greasy/sticky residue
it made my skin flaky around my cheek
it made my skin really oily
gave me red splotches
then add a little water to lather
left me with my face feeling oily
leaves a layer of film even after rinsing thoroughly
i washed my face
washed my face with it
although most of my cosmetics/facial care products are usually hidden away in my drawers/medicine cabinet
because my skin is prone to breakouts with heavy oily products i had breakouts
sun-damaged skin texture though
not white like a cream
my skin still felt oily
this moisturizer immediately calms the redness on my newly healed acne scar
have flaky skin on acne
freckles from the sun as well
it actually started brightening my freckles on my nose
have all the puffiness
a darker under eye area
because it irritated my eyes my lashes had white specs at the tips of my lashes
eyelid primer if i use this
it burned my eye lids.
my skin is probably a combination of oily/normal
chin was so chapped
including the sephora mud mask
when i say red i don't mean reddish
the redness wouldn't come off
my face burns horrible
it had stringy pieces that wouldn't mix in
almost like i had sunburn where the mask had been
it smells of cow manure
my cheeks felt sunburnt
like i had egg white on my face
one that is thick
much too rich for my oily skin
return as it was making my skin splotchy after application
this one causes clogged pores
greasier skin for me
rubbed the grease all over my face
my face is still oily about mid-day
nothing blotting sheets can't h
next morning my skin felt tiny bit oily
the old formula had a thicker texture
it feels a little waxy on my forehead
oily skin girls this one might work for you!
my forehead looked really oily
if you are slightly oily
the product flaked/rolled off
combination skin with a very oily t zone
he has oily skin.
still on the lookout for something to combat oily skin for my husb
this product says for oily skin to
it feels like i'm wearing a mask of oil
however it smells like deep fryer oil
the ends of my hair
got one on my forehead
i noticed blackheads on my nose
if i rub my skin a bit the cream comes off in a way that is similar to rubbing white glue off your skin
leaves a thick white film.
i think i am allergic to this product since it made the skin around my eye all red
my concealer glides on a bit more easily
this gave me puffy eyes.
i still got puffy eyes
i prefer a thicker, cushiony eye cream.
small, itchy bumps everywhere!
texture of the sample was a bit runny to me.
this lotion left a film on my skin plus made my skin oily
chin broke out with a lot of small pimples
it does break me out on my forehead
plus, it left my skin feeling sticky.
woke up to lots of little bumps on forehead.
make my normal skin super oily
it made my skin oilier
made my face red and oily, does not absorbed.
it just exacerbates the oiliness
combo skin with pores
oily acne prone skin with some dryness
i currently have 3-5 pimples on each cheek
me however it clogged my pores along with josie marin cream as well
honestly my forehead lines look worse after using this product
also my forehead broke out with a few pimples.
it leaves my face feeling sticky
my face feels sticky.
right now my cheeks have purple spots
i constantly have little pimples around my chin
then i found that it left my skin sticky
or have oily skin
more prone to the oily side on tzone
no stinky smell, no sticky feeling.
my skin is all oily in the afternoon around 3pm
it's in my cheeks
don't moisturize or help with brown spots
this one clogged my pores
i tried this product hoping it would act as a plumper for the fine lines on my forehead
though: is it supposed to look like ear wax?
tingles/burns a bit when first applied.
remove from my skin
my circles were reddish
irritated the skin around my eyes- my skin burned
it made my skin feet like silk
i also noticed clumps of my eyelashes fell out after using this product
it irritated my eyes
burns the delicate skin of my eye area
am predisposed to under eye wrinkles
i find that each time i apply this my eyelids experience a burning sensation
thinking it was my eye makeup remover
as i have noticed some dark spots forming under my eyes because retinol causes extra sun sensitivity
it slightly burns my skin
now i have two irritated flakey patches under each eye
my eyes got red and watery.
puffiness around my eyes
non-irritating eye cream
dab it around my eye
i don't have crows feet or wrinkles
it irritates my eyes with a burning sensation occasionally
it stings & burns my eyes.
it irritated my eyes
this is thick and irritating to my eyes.
my eyes starting watering
my skin was burning
old on my cheeks with a few on my forehead
i feel that i had bumps under my skin like it clogged my pores
my conclusion is that it tones down redness
i still have some left over scarring on my cheeks
have acne scars as well
it leaves a bit of a sticky/shiny residue on your face
when i put the product on at night i woke up with multiple tiny flesh-colored bumps around the scar
tested it on my knee's scar
the bumps appeared as well and itchy.
i applied some on my scars
acne-prone skin my entire life
it also has a sticky feeling on the skin
so my face feels more oily
it tingled/burned my face a bit
my skin was flaking by the end of week 2
it reminds me of algae
no visibly refined pores
it would leave a sticky residue for a few min
it really reduces the redness in my skin
especially in the mornings-- who has time to brush off peelings from their skin?
my foundation makes it peel off or it makes my foundation glob up
it moisturized without being heavy or making me more oily
it has a thick gel consistency
this gel caused irritation/redness on my skin
the redness would dissipate in 90 seconds or so
only my super oily areas
enlarged pores on my nose
it is like when you use a wet paper towel to scrub something
it does smooth the roughness around my pores
my face was covered in grease
the orange label has discoloration
my skin around my eyes are flaking
the skin around my eyes needs moisture
film on my skin
love the chemical peel pass
would make my eyes look way more sunken
it just felt like jelly around my eyes.
it makes your eyelids feel sticky
your eyelids get sticky
how it burned my skin
am noticing some more crinkling in my undereyes
this product is very runny and watery.
its not thick at all.
you have to use a brush or your h
the hereditary brownness under there
i'll admit that i apply eye cream liberally
makes my eyes water
it is a thick texture
it also rolls up in tiny balls if i don't apply concealer gently enough by patting instead of swiping
this cream started to irritate my eyes
it can be slightly thick.
it gives off a shiny/oily look when i first put it on
it makes my eye area look oily
they itched all day
it sort of rubs off
with continued use i found i broke out with more blemishes on my forehead
also it felt too heavy on my oily-ish chin.
white cream with oil
i tried to use it instead of my usual lip balm
it came out of the tube already oily
t help with any dark circles or puffiness
this new product made my eyelids puffy
got stinging sensation on my skin
too heavy and flakes off.
irritated my skin and made face itchy.
soaks in to my skin
sort of like a treasure chest.
the silver band just under the lids flaking off.
the flakes are all over everything
scaly patch under my eye
over/on my lids
unfortunately repairwear laser focus eye cream seems to burn the skin around my eyes
overnight my eyes became puffy
the skin around my eyes peeled
filmy residue that actually *emphasizes* my wrinkles more
it melts into the skin almost like a gel
it irritated my skin
my eyelids broke out in itchy red bumps after one day of use
this cream made my eyes red
rubbed off on my pillow
consequently made my skin so oily i broke out
it has the hint of elmer's glue to me
i did notice a breakout across my forehead
blackheads which i've never had before
my skin was blotchy, burning, and red.
left my feeling greasy
the mask slightly stings my face when applied
application brush are great
renews lifeless-looking skin
this mask didn't remove any impurities
it made more blackheads appear
it smells like chalk
it just left it with a thick moist film
i usually break out on my forehead
these breakouts were on my cheeks
this product leaves the face feeling greasy.
normal skin around my nose
felt like the product wasn't even being absorbed as it just sat on top of my oily forehead
i skipped my forehead
just applied it to my cheeks
it made my skin
left an uncomfortable residue on my skin
the bothersome aroma never dissipated either until i washed my face
it clogged my pores a ton
thats because i have oily skin
coli hit my nose
my skin felt sticky
not for troubled or oily skin.
my nose still gets oily
not for black skin.
this product is stinky
my face were "waterproof"
too heavy for my comb skin
my jawline breakouts went away
the dropper/lid combo
which is now stained
my face was a grease ball
then i discovered that it contains lavender oil
the base of the dropper cracked
it left an ashy cast over my face due to the dryness
not strip my skin
soap-like film left on your face after washing
within 2 days i was harvesting blackheads
by the 3rd day my skin was looking redder.
it made my foundation sticky and clumpy.
leaves my skin a little sticky too.
it made my face to sticky that it can trap flies.
a bit more on the oily side
not too oily to cause pimples
it caused my rosacea to flare up on my chin
this one leaves my skin really sticky
as other reviewers stated it leaves skin sticky
i find it odd that my cheeks got really sticky after using this gel cream
felt sticky on my face
irritated my skin to the point of redness
not good for oily skin
sticky/shiny residue on your face
like half-set glue
it definitely irritated my cheeks
oiliness to be throughout my entire face
it leaves a sticky layer which i'm not a fan of.
i found that the moisturizer was very sticky on my face
it left my skin with little red bumps
i am an oily skintype
using the rose toner from the set my skin felt really prickly like there were a bunch of tiny needles poking my skin
made my face oily and breakout.
my skin is easily irritated
left my skin feeling tight and filmy.
i occasionally use this product in the morning to cleanse my face
citrus oil is photo toxic
will cause burns in the sun
smells like bug spray.
the layer of oil is still as thick
it smells like fish oil + citrus
the orange oil transferred onto the cloth
the oil spots on my pillow from this product
my face looked like a oily pumpkin after applying
like citrus mixed with fish oil
it stains my face
even my fingers after applying
this oil gunk put my face through a month of torture
it left orange colour all over my pillowcase
it smells like fish oil
the oil is so heavily pigmented that i have to massage it in for a long period of time to get the orange tinge to fade away
i used retin-a micro for almost two years which left my skin sallow
the moisture disappears into greasiness after 10 minutes
it sat well with my concealer and makeup.
did nothing for puffiness
i don't have oily skin.
gently pat it in with my finger
anti dark circle eye creams
i am 51 with delicate eye tissue
i found it on the greasy side
gave my under-eye area a wet sheen
caused my acne-prone skin to break out
irritated the skin around my eyes
this eye cream seriously irritated my eyes.
this eye cream is really oily too
caused puffiness under my eyes
the cream even irritated my eyes.
rubbed eyes so hard i bruised under one of my eyes
you had a lingering metalic
i felt less pasty
found out about the self tanner piece
i slathered it on my face
more than the tiniest dab every day
i rinsed it off.
i don't know about the glow effect because of my rinsing off
it smells disgusting like old metal
dennis gross' glow wipes for my face all the time
one problem, bumps all over and acne.
pimples after using it
left my undereye moist
it does slightly blur pores when using
bc it has willow bark extract to help with break outs
effects on my skin
just put a tiny amount of cream on the edge of my chin
my eyes began watering
because the bottle is opaque
my forehead is now covered in small bumps.
after the 3rd day my forehead was covered with a bumpy mess
after day 6 my skin was so oily
stay away if you're oily and acne prone.
oiliness at bay while also eradicating my dryness completely while sinking in completely
my face would be super oily
i only applied it on my chin
wash the cream off
my skin is normal to oily
in the past i've broken out from heavy facial products
the sephora salesperson said she uses it on her cuticles to soften them
this did nothing for my oily skin
my face is still oily
i started to breakout with tiny whiteheads on my forehead
i looked like i had been in the kitchen all day long frying chicken
the smell of the oil is a dead ringer
cons: it made my already oily t-zone
despite using a face brush
i put on forehead, nose and chin.
scrub to get rid of the smell
the typical t zone is oily.
my nose is the worst offender for being oily.
my skin returned to dullness and uneven texture.
which had meadow foam seed oil
they removed meadow foam seed oil altogether
left my face sticky
leaves residue on skin
left my face feeling sticky
it leaves my combination skin feeling sticky though
by morning it's oily
the outer edge was white while the middle was pink
left a white/tan film on my face.
leaves a white/tan film on your face
leaves that sticky top to it
it leaves me too oily overall
it kind of clings to my makeup brushes
my cheek will stick to it
i can compensate for the ashy look with foundation though
the problem i'm having with it is the thick film of white
well i'm brown so a white film on my face
the tiniest amount turned my face into an oil slick
it made my skin look oily/greasy
it left my skin feeling oily all day.
it left me very oily/shiny
a fairly oily t-zone
you start perspiring the moment you leave the ac
greasy, chalky, irritating, pore clogging.
by mid-day my face felt slimy
the cream is a little bit sticky on the face.
which is great for oily skin
it does not help with oiliness
this is no match for my oily skin.
it made my combo skin oily
it caused a white undertone even though i wore it under foundation
i started to notice lots of pimples particularly on my cheeks
my pores around my nose were clogged with blackheads
then i would get large pimples around my chin
if you are not prone to clogged pores or congested skin
not recommended for oily or acne prone skin
now noticed wrinkles on my forehead
i love the way the upper lid serum feels on my eye lids
the under eye cream
heavy texture for winter on the bottom lid
it was a bit heavy for the summer transition for my oily skin
regular moisturizers always clogged my pores
my skin turned red
i suspect it was the lactobacillus ferment
normal on my cheeks
looked like a bad sunburn
no acne no scars just large pores on my nose
i've used peels and peel-like masks before.
it felt like a gel mask that dried like a peel.
this was also super goopy
on top of that it dried out my oily skin
made my skin flakey
i also broke out on my forehead
it is not foamy
see picture attached of my skin.
urban decay cream blush in quickie
oily like if i was sweating
it made my forehead
this is a no-foam cleanser with tiny scrubs.
i think the essential oil fragrance irritated my skin when red itchy bumps showed up on my forehead
it does exfoliate gently my sensitive skin
it smells like lemons and boiled eggs!
as soon as i opened the little pouch this awful pungent smell came out
initially my skin felt a bit oily
it is like smearing greasy perfume all over your face
gently tap the erea with your fingers tips
itchy skin under my eyebrows
does nothing at all for puffiness or bags.
flakes under makeup ruining concealer
this product does nothing to get rid of under eye puffiness
it did nothing to relieve the puffiness under my eyes
better off slicing a cucumber
the one good point is that it never irradiated my eyes
even though this product was labeled puffy under eyes
even in my oily areas
my skin has gone from normal to oily
after washing my face i noticed fine glitter near my eyes
it made my skin even more oily
makes my face greasy.
not for oily skin
i found that this makes my combination/oily skin very oily
after i rubbed it in
it made my skin greasy.
my skin is now entirely covered with tiny whiteheads
all over my cheeks
then my eyebrow area started feeling slightly itchy
the product looked like grease on my skin
ok for cuticle oil
tiny pimples all over as the result of this
i started getting more blackhead
tiny bumpy pimples on me chin
deep in the skin
smooth as a babys skin
my face broke out into a lot of small reddened bumps
have oily or acne prone skin to use this product
it clogged my pores
i now get white heads on my cheeks
i'll throw this on in the mornings underneath lotion
not for oily skin at all.
it left my skin sticky
get little white bumps under my eyes
i broke out horribly all over my cheeks because of this serum
my forehead broke out
it does blur my pores
a lot like estée lauder's soft clean foaming cleanser
did not help with clogged pores or enlarged pores
extract the dead skin
it only left my nose matte for 2 hours
then it was oily
oily residue that causes breakouts.
so fill your pores
having an oily t-zone
didnt leave my skin oily
my face looks oily.
flaky on the cheek
left my eyes super dry that the skin around my eyes is now flaking
puffy like i was either punched or had pink eye
dark under eye circles
while this eye cream definitely got rid of puffiness
it's "slippy" and feels greasy.
crinkly than they were to begin with which i wouldn't think possible with an eye cream
this face wash is great for those with oily skin
it made my skin feel like rubber!
it also burns my eyes horribly
leaves a residue on my skin
i give this a try because this is for oily skin
got two pimples on my face
it just made me oily
i still use it for my cuticles
deposited some weird particles
my skin started to become more oily
my argan oil leaked everywhere
still had dry patches peeking thru
people with oily skin will appreciate this
also, this made my skin flake a little.
it leaves my face sticky so used it only to remove mascara
it doesnt burn my eyes.
face feeling so sticky i had to rewash
it does remove dirt and oil.
i hate the way the pump squirts the product out
it felt like i had soap on my face that hadn't been rinsed off
in fact, my skin is sticky after use.
spot-concealer over minimal scarring
if you shake it or it tips it leaks even when i have the pumps nozzle turned to the 'stop' position
this literally made the skin around my eyes raw.
causing you to rub your eye excessively
just for cleaning the pores of the face
product leaves a sticky feeling on the skin
it leaves a sticky residue on the skin
doesn't leave an oily residue
it works to remove dirt from the skin
it leaves a sticky feeling afterwards
i'll stick with the black tea mask by fresh.
there was a puddle of oil that had floated to the top
leaves your skin greasy
after using this moisturizer it leaves a shiny film over my skin that highlights any blemishes i may have
i need to switch moisturizers because the lotion is so thick that it leaves your skin shiny for hours after application
it feels sticky and slightly heavy.
absorbs quickly without leaving my face oily
i accidentally bought the lotion instead of the gel
the lotion leaves my skin really oily
it helped with the flaking
leaving my face looking dehydrated while also shiney
resulting in really shiny face
like increased blemishes or oiliness
my combo-oily skin is now more combo-dry
it left my skin feeling flaky
this feels heavy and greasy on my skin.
this lotion makes my face oily
it didn't leave my skin oily
occasionally i may get one on my chin
which left a layer of grease wherever i applied it
this leaves my skin so oily after i use it.
i've always been on the oily side
this lotion left a weird oily texture after i applied it as if it didn't soak in to skin
this would keep my skin from flaking
made me breakout profusely
in about 3 hours my face felt oily in places i have never felt oily before
my face powder brush also felt oily
leaves all little white lines
it made my concealer look ugly
usually with finger massaging
smudging that defeats the purpose of even putting eye cream
/or combo/oily skin
if i get any on my eyelids
it causes my eye shadow to crease
after my pimple healed
it is a very oily moisture
when i used the moisturizer it leaves behind a light oily film on my face
oily on my skin
then gets very oily
it has that sticky feeling
after using this product i got horrible breakouts on my forehead
predominantly oily in the summer
breakouts on my forehead
i still have oiliness
sort of around the apples of my cheeks
a little bit oily for my combination skin.
dark big pimples all over my cheeks and temples.
it might be toxic for oily skin holders
there are 6-7 zits total just on the cheeks.
it moisturizes all day and leaves skin dewey.
like an oil slick
i even had a couple of breakouts on my forehead
it smells like rubbing perfume all over your face
left my skin feeling sticky
i could fry an egg on my forehead.
the thin texture is fine
i wasn't having pustule acne
my face around my chin
lower cheeks broke out in pustule acne
they literally felt like i was grinding acid soaked s
my skin is oily
first of all it burns/stings like crazy
itches uncontrollably for me
i break out on my chin
the circular motion of the pad on my acne skin was rough
it leaves a squeaky residue which i am not a fan of
as i have very oily skin
the cleanser was just clogging my pores
1 star for the cloth.
then i rubbed it on dry skin as recommended.
so that i wouldn't get gobs of cleanser on the clean wet cloth
the cloth kept becoming saturated with cleanser
it clung to my lashes
the cloth is a joke.
the muslin cloth works fine
it would be like i rinsed my face with just water
felt like petroleum jelly on my face.
the smell was putrid.
had to use a mask afterwrads to get all the gunk off
the deep massage ritual
which gives it a thick
it comes out white
turns my skin white
also after getting microderm
a thin layer came out of the tube
thought this mask would be a deep cleaning rescuer
seemed to cause more blackheads
mature tiny wrinkled skin that gets red easily
this is made for oily skin.
it might rescue oily skin with break outs.
it smells like fish and burnt tar.
it smells like bag balm
f you like a "squeaky clean" feeling after washing
leaves my face feeling oily
it cleans gently without stripping
rough skin along with tiny red bumps all over
red itchy bumps all over with small white heads
flaking like an alligator
i would not use this serum if you have delicate skin that isn't damaged from smoking or sun
so my skin routine is using a gentle soap to remove makeup
though i still have some flaky patches that arise after washing my face
more like a face cream to me, too thick.
did help with discolorations.
my skin became itchy
appeared more wrinkled if possible
create small white flecks under your eyes
i love super goop
it clumped very badly.
i like the cold feeling of the metal tip
the consistency is almost pasty
the metal applicator is useless
no issues with breakouts or white bumps appearing like eye creams can tend to do
my face looks like it's flaking
and it rubs off in little sticky clumps.
s -- the telltale sign that instead of soaking in
is just lying there like a layer of goop
this product clogged my pores
my forehead became covered with acne
it also made my skin super oily.
i prefer a more gel/fluffy consistency as opposed to a thick heavy cream
this cream made my skin burn
discolored pores all over my cheeks
it dries out my face after i rinse it off
this has algae extract which clogs pores stay away
oily t-zone with flaky
dehydrated patches near my mouth
less than the tip of a fingernail
i found it to be too oily
this cleanser dried my skin out
pimple popping up around my chin that
i noticed that all the products together left my face feeling oily
i did a clay mask
undereye area is less puffy in the morning
recently got a decent sunburn on my face
because my skin was flaking a bit
i typically have oily skin
take away redness from any irritation
i can see this being good after a sunburn or wax
get rid of some of the redness/blotchiness on my face
while this mask does seem to be slightly soothing to red/itchy/irritated areas
with the beginnings of rosacea on my nose
or soothe after it's washed off
oil wash to get all eye makeup
no residue after i rinse off, which is a plus.
dennis gross all-in-one cleansing foam
easly to break out face with blackheads from time to time
it slightly stings my eyes
at least that is what my rinsing cloth tells me.
it is also thin and kind of greasy.
after using it for a few days i noticed dry irritated patches in the crevices of my nose
it leaves an oily sheen behind
i still looked oily all day
i also get way less bumps on my face from clogged pores
no residual oil on my face after it soaked in
now have large flakey dry areas on my forehead
breakouts around my nose
oily in t-zone
new pimples cropped up
sits on my skin all day making my forehead look like a grease slick
i got a lot of little forehead bumps after using this product
the paint on the side of the bottle chips off
the tube is metal
the paint chips off the label
made my skin very oily
oily on my face
yuck- had to wash off
it stained my forehead
moisturizer other than the consistency of this product is a little thick
i noticed clogged pores
bumpy skin texture along my cheeks
some small pimples popping up
the clogged pores and bumps returned.
will finish out the product on my décolletage
it left my skin sort of sticky and almost greasy.
my skin had a glowy layer when i woke.
it irritated my skin
my face was oily in the middle of the day
i never have breakouts on my chin
make it super oily
my nose has been peeling badly using this cream
my forehead is now awash in bumpiness
within 48 my forehead was flakey
i'll stick to one without the irritants
this product caused nasty breakouts around my chin
it made my skin so lifeless
it actually strips the moisture from your skin
may make it more oily
it had been working pretty well without causing me redness or flaking
help prevent the occasions forehead blemish
the product foamed nicely
it burned my skin underneath my chin it was horrible also felt like i had a lot of soap residue in my skin like a nasty film of soap scum gross will never try again
my face gets dryer
i am going to stick to origins frothy face wash for my combo sensitive acne prone skin
i used a cotton pad
this irrated my skin and stung my eyes.
my skin started to become dehydrated peeling
i felt it left a residue.
it was stinging my eyes
this cleanser left my skin dry and tide.
my cheeks are dry and i have oily forehead.
i noticed that the moisturizer left my cheeks with redness
it makes my face look shinny
even with using blotting sheets
skin even started flaking.
my t-zone gets oily overtime
my face become grease ball
even my cheek area
intensive for oily skin
acne on my chin area
it leave a lots of white residue
this left a filmy feeling on my skin
kind of diminishes the look of my deep forehead lines
it's like an ounce of cream in a huge 40 lb acrylic cube
left it feeling greasy
soaks right into your skin
it is not as oily or ointment like
smell stings your eyes
the product is thick
lip contour regenerating cream
forehead lines are my main concern
relatively bad expression lines along my forehead
noticed that the very delicate skin under my eyes started peeling
notice that i'm getting lines on my eyelids?
was very waxy like and left a residue.
i do not have facial ache, and no discoloration.
this face oil was a little too oily on my face
left my face oily
leaves my face oily.
the smell burned by nostrils
sometimes in my hair
when you rub the product on your finger
every squirt that i press in the morning has a thick dried up glob that comes out first
made my skin burn and itch.
my skin became so congested that i needed a facial
left my face flaky.
blush without stripping my skin
tinted lip conditioner on the back of my h
it is gentle and not oily..more like a gel cream.
other than it removing my makeup gently
it made me super oily
the towel was covered in makeup
my face was greasier than before i washed it
have been suffering from runny
stuck with the korres wild rose sleeping facial
there is a small bit of eye makeup residue on my lower lash line
leaves residue with eye makeup
this sleeping mask is more like a thick night cream
i felt the skin on my chin was about to peel off
it is heavily fragranced and irritated my skin.
around my lower lip
so thick and dripped oil at night.
blotchy in the morning
leaves me feeling sticky
applies thin like a moisturizer not like a face mask
caused break outs/slickness on my chin
forehead which are dry
not as severely as my cheeks
not a mask either a oily moisturizer.
just a thicker tackier moisturizer.
more slimy synthetic silicon oil.
not oily at all
tan to brown undereye circles
it just made my eyes watery
after using the ginzing origins eye cream
then noticed all these little flesh colored bumps came out around my eyes
it makes my eyes burn
this eye cream made my eyes watery
my eyes are very teary and it burns a lot.
there are burns under both eyes.
the cream has a tendency to cake
even with 2 layers of this cream
it smelled like a ham sandwich to me.
i didn't notice any reduction in wrinkles or my dark spots on my cheeks
many small acne starts to appear around my chin
i found it smelled rather rancid
but the one i got was like curdled yogurt.
sits on top of skin and peels and flakes off.
if i move my fingers over my face after it "dries" on skin it comes off in clumps
combination--very oily in the oil zone
felt a bit tacky in my oily skin
just some creases by my eyes when i smile
a small one on my forehead so that could be it
i returned to my clinique moisture surge night mask
i love how this draws out impurities without drying my skin
breakouts appeared on both my forehead and chin.
pulled oil out of my pores
had a fresh clay/dirt smell that i was a huge fan of
it smells like nail polish
bosia black peel was sold out
in fact, my face looked oily afterwards.
peeling off the mask
i could see the gunk being pulled out like on charcoal masks
when i squeeze the product out of the tube i saw red clay with gold glitter on it
the red clay felt like a plastic material that wouldn't stick on my face
as i was peeling the mask some parts were dried
i found peeling this mask off annoying; 3.
kinda went into the line of my facial hair
my eyes were watering
after i do this clay mask
although i apply a thick layer
left my skin smooth
i like glamglow white mud way better.
gunk from my skin getting removed
i don't notice any difference in my pores or oiliness
leaving little mask flakes around your sink
afraid of what chemical slurry i'll smear on next
or do anything for clogged pores
with slightly oily t-zone
not as much on my forehead where i have a bit of oil
when "skin rescue deep cleanser with red clay" came out i thought since since my skin is oily
my skin never felt this oily
didn't control my oily skin
i'd pick just oily over oily/teenage acne.
as i have super oily skin
throughout the day my face was still oily
for reference, i have oily, acne-prone skin.
i unscrewed the cap
crumbles off your face after it dries semi tacky
it goes on thick
it did nothing to lighten the hyperpigmentation on my medium-deep
under the eyes due to many acne scars some sun spots
it peels off in a strange way
burns my under eye skin
only the brown sugar collection
i am 24 with oily/combo skin.
i felt a warming sensation when applied ti skin under my eyes
left a layer of residue on my skin
in fact i found myself with redder eyes
the cream is thick
attempts to work it in result in the cream flaking off like gommage
it also stings the eyes
causes itching during the day
it peeled my skin
even where it gets absorbed it leaves a shiny residue
caused pimples to my dry to combination skin
did not like the texture at all which was runny
i found it felt sticky
oily it didnt set well into my skin
my skin became dull
my face was an oily mess after use
i got an oily "think" that's wasn't soaked by my skin
i patted my face
s an oily mess
i would just stick with the argan oil
runny for my liking
i still had a layer of shininess
i will stick to with the josie's plain argan oil.
this stuff just sat on my face like lard or hairgrease
it felt oily going on a stayed oily/slippery feeling all night
it reminded me of a nasty smelling soap.
this was recommended by a sephora employee as the solution to my forehead dryness
easy with a damp washcloth
not in an oily way
this product left my skin feeling dirty
it just made my skin peel
blotchy for about 3 days afterwards
they feel like my skin is being smothered in an unpleasant muck
instead it was thick
my cheeks were bumpy
i've also had breakouts on my chin
i've had two new pimples form on my chin
it flaked every time
formula: the consistency of this cream is very thick almost to the point that it felt waxy on my fingers
it get's into your hair and on your lips as well.
it starts to flake off
smells like pipe tobacco
turned into little white balls that i had to remove with a washcloth
really odd, waxy balls started to form.
flake off my face
it took forever to brush all the sticky
balls of goop off my face
it had a thick texture
does leave a whitish cast
they made my eyes so oily
leaves you with raccoon eyes
i will finish off the bottle as eye makeup remover
leaves my neck feeling really gross as dog hair
fuzz from clothes sticks on me like a magnet afterward
it completely dried out my lids
you must saturate a cotton pad
my forehead is now covered in small itchy bumps
it clogged my pores
i returned it because it leaves my eyelids super oily
i always use it on my eyelids
found that it was oily as well
it just has an oily texture
it is not however gently on the eyes.
i lose 3-5 eyelashes from each eye per use
it'll leave this oily film over your eye balls
coughs the film back out in the form of an eye booger
after washing my face completely with this i went in with a cotton swab
product makes my eyes water
the texture is gross, literally baby oil texture.
made my face look too oily.
pores on my face
this nars primer sat in strange clumps on tzone.
my skin is oily through the t-zone
somewhat dehydrated on the cheeks
there were lines visible on my forehead
cheeks due to smiling/laughing
purchased this hoping it would solve my problem of my pores around my nose becoming oily
my skin isn't oily by that time
it left me the oily
preventing under eye concealer from creasing-
this made my face a greasy mess
it made my make up look waxy
when i washed my foundation brush after applying it over this stuff
this substance forms a seal on your skin
this does blur imperfections
my oily/combination skin has more oily patches than desired
this lotion caused me to find little pimples everywhere
it dried out the skin on my forehead
feels like some rubber crumbs come off on your face…
it felt on the oily side
this particular mask stained my towels
it smells like grease or oil
i generally have small bumps on my forehead--not acne
leaves your skin firm for about 30 mins after washing
my eyes are puffy for two days
still made my eyes puffy
just cleaned my skin
the tiny capsules burst
no change in my hyper pigmentation from acne scars
not only the unhygienic nature of a cream pot
the fragrant residue of fish turns my stomach.
my skin was so oily
greasy that i could wipe the oil off my face with fingers
it leaves combination skin oily
squeeze' white application knob does not work
also, it creases and the applicator is useless.
it was always clumping or creasing
just to use it to apply other eye creams with the metal piece
i like that the applicator tip is cold
love the metal applicator however the cream seems to stay in the crease of my wrinkles/fine lines
use spoons from your fridge or freezer as a de puffer
the metal applicator feels nice under the eyes in the morning
the product oozed out of the cap.
only a tiny nub of plastic on the cap keeps the liquid in place
it gets caked into my under eye wrinkles
i find it makes my under eyes appear puffy
i didn't like the sheen it leaves on my skin
always makes my under eye look oily.
i love the idea of applying this with the metal pad
i agree with other people that said it was crumbly
i applied with a brush
you will look like the hulk while wearing this mask
it leaves my skin a little pink after application
there is no lather or bubbles
wipe off with a tissue you may like this
the cloth is smaller than ordinary wash cloth
the cloth is tiny
like half the size of a normal washcloth
it also leaves a residue on the skin.
this is a thick gel like consistency
just rub a tiny bit on the shoulders
jart+ pore medic pore minish primer
nothing like a regular clay or charcoal mask
leave my skin even unsmooth
it made my face so itchy!
because the product makes my skin tingling
i like the jelly texture
it made my skin oilier
rinsed it off after the described time
look like i've been sunburnt.
i wore a thin layer overnight
my nose was peeling
the thick goopy kind
my sister has oily skin
the skin along her jawline became crepey
itchy patches around my jaw line
one spot there is a bit of flesh visible
ive been getting these tiny cluster of little bumps that looks like acne or tiny whiteheads
this cleanser is thick--not goes a long way thick
comes out in glugs
it felt like i was washing my face with dish soap
it takes a while to get it to a lather
i love the lather
somewhat itchy dry patches on both sides of my throat just under my jaw
plus, it lathered so thickly.
this made my sensitive skin blotchy
my skin flaked off all over my face.
it smells like i'm wearing ten layers of foundation
dirties my fingers every single time i use it
my skin tends to be on the oily side
left my face feeling a sticky
way too greasy for someone with oily skin.
it also oxidized on my which i at first didn't mind
i find this silky serum sliding off after a few hours
makes my combo skin oily after a few hours if i dont set it with a thick layer of powder
it creases in my opinion.
i got 4 pimples on my face :
i smeared it all over my face anyway
it turned it beet red from irritation
made my skin red
it looked like i had a sunburn!
i applied this and it started tingling.
the effect of just dabbing it around my eyes
it was like rubbing minty toothpaste on my face.
the fumes burn my eyes.
sticky feeling on the skin
i hear using oils on oily skin would held reduce oil production
of course my skin was stubborn
i put extra virgin olive oil on my face when it needs that little extra layer of oil at night
poured it into my body lotion
i looked like i had a mild sunburn
gently rub it in
tiny bumps under my eyes
got a nasty pimple by my eye after using this
on lids without a lot of blending or patting needed
i don't suffer from dark circles or puffiness
its green goop that looks like it came out of someones nose
make my cheeks all red
this is a horrible eye cream which flakes
peels once it dries
avoid this eye cream.
it makes the skin under my eyes oily
the skin under my eyes is all shiny from the product
it irritated the skin at the outer contour of my eyes
it made them puffy
didn't blot the over-applied area with a tissue
the irritation lasted for hours even after i rinsed my eyes
it didn't extract my blackheads.
the surfaces were actually peeling off
the strip is white
no reduction in blackheads at all.
this did get some blackheads out of my nose
no blackheads were removed
save up and go get a facial with extractions.
dried out my nose area, i have normal/combo skin.
he has a thing for nose strips
it pulled out so many blackheads
the wet patch made my pores look
the pore remover patch is a joke.
didn't remove the blackheads
blackheads were not removed
it didn't pull out my deep blackheads
s for blackhead removal
they clean out surface
pore strips can damage your skin.
the strip did not remove a single blackhead.
usually the drugstore strips remove at least 50 blackheads with each removal
it pulled out some blackheads
first step removed about the same pore gunk as a drugstore nose strip
they made my nose smooth
didn't remove any blackheads
the dry strip works just like a biorre strip.
i still have the same blackheads
still left a bunch of blackheads behind
within minutes my eyes were runny
i kept sneezing for 15 minutes
first of all, it smelled like moldy fruit.
it also clogged my pores
unlike the black glamglow mask
my skin is oily
little bumps all over the center of my forehead
mine is oily combination
it wasn't a mud to oil
my nose keeps peeling
dirt out as it dries on your skin
i tried the youthful mud
my skin felt fine after i rinsed it off
i found this to be runny
this mask burned my face
turned my skin red
melts right into your skin
frown lines between my brows
what was left in the jar was the same silicone i line my bathtub with
clumps up in any of the creases around your eyes
in the morning you're just left with little globs of stickiness all around your eyes
leaves a film that flakes off
it's sticky, very sticky.
the product is so sticky
it dries and sits on my skin.
i gently wipe my tears off
the eye gel rubs off into little particles
crusty underneath when i wake in the morning
it is a thicker kind of gel
plenty of crow feet lines
my poor droopy eyelids actually stuck together
de-puffing the under-eye
now my under eye area was sticky
sticky feeling is uncomfortable.
i'd often wake up with lint
hair sticking to my skin under my eyes where i had applied this product
it made my eye area sticky
it keeps balling up after a few dabs or gentle massage
my boyfriend aptly started referring to this gel as my glue stick
this made my entire eye area sticky.
brow bone as instructions directed
will make your eyelid stick to your browbone
the sticky consistency make my eye area uncomfortable
i barely dab my finger ever so lightly into the product
it still feels sticky
it does de-puff eyes slightly
in the past during facial pumpkin peels have really brightened my skin
applied the cucumber mask from ptr
one of them made me skin itchy around my jawline i think it was probably the toner
it did nothing to minimize my pores or black/white heads
this cleaner dries my skin out like crazy.
my skin peeled a couple hours after application
it almost made my skin"raw" around my mouth
this cleanser left me red
blotchy redness on my face
it slightly bleached skin around my dark/sun/age sports
almost leaves a slight oily feel
slightly oily makeup can slip
this cream moisturized my parched skin
in smelling this product before applying it
more on the oily side
oily the cream felt upon application
that's how thick it is
too oily for the combination skin.
i do not have oily skin
this cream is thick
it is so thick and oily.
fresh scent but too oily for me!
-tacky upon application-drying
neck completely broke out in tons of small pimples
you don't mind rubbing rotted avocado on your face
my chin has exploded with zits since i started using this
this smells like corn chips in a tire fire
i got a couple whiteheads on my forehead
some red bumps under my eyebrow like some of the other reviewers
evens out a lot of my redness
it also flakes a bit when putting concealer on top of it
now i experience clogged pores
breakouts on my cheeks
now my face burns
and the fumes makes my eyes watery as well.
i rubbed it on my face
rinsed with water until clean
my forehead is covered in small bumps after using it only for 2 times
eyeliner in my eyes
face makeup - yes; longwearing eye makeup - no.
sometimes my eyes water from the scent
i tried the korres black pine nighttime face cream
it burns every time
a lot of tingling around my eye area
this eye cream got me at "reducing puffiness."
my eyes were puffier than before
a tiny amount smoothed the crepiness of my eyelids
i feel like it accentuated the lines on my forehead
it did remove some dead skin/flakes
it honestly felt like a thick grease being spread on my face
my face was all flake
after i rinsed it off my face was tingling
it left a greasy feel on my face after rinsing
normal to drythe cleanser is a yellow color
which might be because the waxy feeling were my own oils
had dry patches on my forehead
immediately after use my skin reddened
which was metallic to my nose
the flash rinse 1 minute facial was not a winner for me
s reeked of it even after washing my h
squeezed it on my fingers
massaged it into my face
the consistency starts off as a thick paste
after wetting my fingers
took 3 washings to get rid of the film
that residue seems like it would clog your pores in a red-hot minute
this product feels sticky
more on oily side
fine lines are wrinkled for the price i expected to see much more than softness
i applied this under my bobbi brown face oil
my skin looked like the desert
sun spots/pimple scars
my eyelids were red
i still have discoloration on my cheeks
my skin is combination oily
it leaves my skin greasy for a while.
melts into your skin
you wash or peel off
the makeup on my towel after i washed
left my skin feeling greasy.
it felt like it left a layer of slime.
feels like i need to use mother cleanser to remove all the oily mess
instead it leaves me feeling oily
i found the product oily
i don't like how runny they are
it smells like some sort of resin or gum
i found it left my skin a tad greasy
i don't recommend for oily skin
le on turning this oil into a milky solution
left an oily residue
then a big pimple showed up on my forehead
its this plastic/rubber smell
it comes out of the tube like a milky gel
leaves an oily residue that requires cleansing with a different product
its a bit on the oily side
no matter how much i rubbed it just smeared around my eyes
it doesnt leave your face feeling or looking oily
it left my skin itchy after the first 2 uses
causing small bumps along my jawline
i still feel its weird waxy residue on my face after trying to wash it off with another cleanser
it also left my face feeling a little oily.
i dried my face off with a white towel
if was filthy from the makeup.
kind of a clumpy gel cream.
never had a problem with caking under my eye with makeup
don't like the bacteria of a jar
this is a very thick cream-- i had to rub a little between my fingers before applying in order to get it to spread nicely
noticed some white bumps forming under my eyes
have oily/combination skin
it pours like water.
it sort of sits on the surface of my skin.
leaves an uncomfortable oily residue
the oily film it leaves is a lot lighter
the residue is on your fingers
i inevitably drop it on my tiled bathroom floor
i'd rewash my face with a regular cleanser to get of the oily residue
this felt like i rubbed the blue gel school glue all over my face
this one did a poor job of removing my facial makeup
leaves an oily residue
now it leaves a greasy film
the oil removes your makeup then when you add water it changes to a milky cleanser
crud off the face
i noticed a ton of tiny sparkles on the washcloth i used to wipe this product off my skin
it left an oily layer after washing it off
left a gross film after rinsing that i could literally scrape off with my nails
once you rub to get your lipstick/stain
too oily for me
went on nicely with a thicker texture than some runnier oily melting type cleansers
as though a coating was on my skin.
other messy residue on the cotton pad
my cheeks break out
i wiped my face with a white towel
tonnes of eye makeup still on my skin
the container is awkward to use when your washing your face
i rubbed it in my face
when i added water it turned to a milky white
left my skin feeling greasy
i used another face wash afterwards to take off the oily film
this stuff 0% rinses off with water.
none of them left an oily residue like this one did
love the idea of this cleanser being a jelly
it's too gloopy and oily.
my face just felt so oily
this melting cleanser was a little messy to use
the cleanser left an oily residue
would not recommend for oily skin.
it left a horrible oily residue on my skin
rather was just oily
it leaves a gross waxy feel all over your face
when you rinse it off
it leaves you oil residue
this product left a greasy
oily residue on my skin that took a scrubbing with my usual cleanser
the residue may be the result of my naturally oily skin
water is still left beady?
on my skin and i have oil residue on my face.
i still have oily skin
it has a tad of a sticky texture
stinging in my eyes
my eyeliner would come out all smudged
not on my cheeks
oily on the forehead
my skin looks blotchy
caused me to sweat profusely
it made my skin greasy
smells like you rubbed a fish over your face
the foam aspect of this wash
i am combination to oily skin.
i could literally wipe off the grease from my nose
not for irritated skin
it clogged my pores
found out that there was salicylic acid in it.
dark spots around my mouth
i often have white cast on my fingers
my skin gets extra oily
my skin is still acne prone
some crinkle lines on either side of my nose
the erborian bamboo waterlock mask on my face
my nose still had dried skin flakes on it
patchy on my cheek area
it oxidizes and gets ruined.
didn't behave as glitter in nail polish
the clear "serum" is rather sticky and heavy.
i don't feel like the nozzle
it left my face feeling sticky
it leaves my skin squeaky
a whole bunch of clogged pores
saggy with super noticeable pores
this stuff pills on the surface of the skin.
it peels almost like when you peel from a bad sunburn
it created clear plastic textured bits on my face even when i pat it down
it looks like glue
just felt like glue
after the gel dried on my skin it felt like i put plaster or glue
it drags on your skin
i felt this was sticky
smelled like baby lotion
with dior hydra life for my nose pores
dehydrated skin from retina micro
the mosquito repellent smell of this balm is so distracting
left just a bit of an oily sheen on my face
pimples all over my face
seemed to clog my pores
cuticles with out much of a difference
kind of like a bathroom cleaning fluid
i noticed my pores were clogged
i wanted to use this product to lighten the acne scars on my cheeks
be warned it has witch hazel
with eye makeup remover it takes seconds
this works nicely to remove makeup all over the face with an exception of the eyelids
that it was upright
it ruined a pair of pants with a huge bleach-like stain
leaves my skin "squeaky" clean
now that i'm halfway through the bottle i noticed that it leaves a sticky residue on my skin
i feel as though i'm just rubbing my face with a cotton ball of water
it is so sticky
makeup removers out there--
swipes over my face with a cotton round to remove any makeup as a normal makeup remover
sticky feeling that lingers
then i got a allergic reaction on my eyelids
eyes got very swollen
pimples as we speak
all over my forehead
i finally have glowing pimple free skin
oily on the t-zone
slightly oily in the t-zone
especially around the chin area
it clogged my pores
it was a sticky mask
it left a film that took 3 washings to remove
or you will have goo on your pillows
had to peel my face off my pillow
it made me worried it would clog my pores because of the thickness of the cream
it was so sticky
left a filmy feeling in others
prone-to-redness skin raging after leaving this on all night
my pores are also a breeding ground for blackheads
it didn't do anything for my forehead lines
especially to get rid of my forehead lines
this only made my horizontal forehead lines more pronounced
on my forehead -- nothing has changed
i'll be sticking with needles!
it plumps the skin and it's good for baggy eyes.
pull around the delicate skin of my eyes
i applied to to a freshly cleansed
just a peppermint-like tingling that did nothing to improve lines
i am 28 with faint lines by my mouth
i'll stick with my algenist genius eye cream.
it comes off in gross peels like dead skin
this product did nothing for my mid-forehead wrinkle
am starting to get some forehead wrinkles
the product made my skin burn
the texture was sticky.
my skin is oily
nothing could quench my skins thirst
as someone with combination/oily skin
i normally have oily, breakout prone skin.
i noticed my nose had dry flakes
soon after the flakiness on my nose
my skin type is oily/combination
use an elf foundation brush to get the product from the bottom
the cleanser is fine if you don't mind black goop getting in every crevice of your face
did nothing about my blackheads or zits
it never lathered for me
i am still oily
no no for oily skin.
it turned from mud to wet mud.
which left me with horrible dark scarring
acne-prone skin like mine
cheeks i stopped using it
broke out all over my forehead
my face smells like the urine ditch at burning man
the smell reminds me of bug spray
so my skin feels filmy while i rinse
a scrub to remove the mess this cleanser makes
it created a filmy surface
the scent can irritate your eyes
the product instructions say to moisten face
more toward the oily side
infected pores in my t-zone area
this cleanser left my skin feeling dirty
oily on my face
however it feels thick on my skin
noticed my entire forhead
jawline are covered with pimples
my nose had dried skin all over it
my skin is starting to dry out on my chin
also burned my skin a bit
this product caused me to have the worst forehead
this made my face very oily n shiny
renewed hope in a jar is too thick of a moisturizer for me
i started getting little flakes of the moisturizer
i went from really oily from teens
disclaimer: oily acne skin with scarring occasional dry patch likely secondary from proscription topical products
aha dries my skin out
it stings my skin
pimples around the orbital bone area on both eyes
both times it made my eyes watery
burning for hours until i washed the creme off
my undereye area is a little sunken
got the idea to use it on my chronically chapped lips
so 3 stars as an eye cream, 5 as a lip balm.
the cotton pad comes away grimy
just smeared down my face
i woke up with eyeliner smudged all over my eyes.
it left the worst thick oil layer on my face
i still had a nasty oil layer
face wash to remove the oil
i struggled a little using it to remove my mascara off my lashes
it was way too oily for my oily skin
acne scars on my face
i noticed these tiny bumps along my jawline near my chin
only that my hairline is greasier in the morning when i use it
as an oily skin youth
i could smell it on my pillow
my skin was reddened after using
even after applying the facial oil afterwards
few small lines on my forehead
my skin is getting breakouts
getting tiny white bumps
it leaves your skin feeling sticky.
texture on my forehead
i typically get mine removed from my dermatologist
i continue to experience stubborn white acne bumps when i use this
it does "strip" your skin because of sulfates
in turn, my skin gets red and irritated.
i developed red bumps all along my jaw line
this is ideal for combo/oily skin.
i found that using the two as directed severely dried out my oily/sensitive skin
felt dry skin striped even after applying there serum
the scrubby fibres in this really irritated my skin
unfortunately i saw no improvement in the blemishes/bumps on my chin nor in the blackheads on my nose
my skin would often be oily
lather it up using my h
when you lather it with water the bar of soap doesnt melt or soften up like regular soap so there isnt waste on it
to break down the impurities drawn out by the juju bar
gave me little pimples arround my nose
texture on my skin
i can still rub the grease off my lid
i rinsed my face with plenty of water each time
really had to scrub to get leftover eyeliner off
clumpy, sticky, disgusting consistency.
i don't want a thick layer of oily residue left on my skin
the product is thick, sticky, and greasy feeling.
pimples on my skin
definitely would have to use a facial brush to get a deeper clean/removal of the makeup
the iron tip is cute
for me it left a powdery residue on my undereyes
the cold metal iron-applicator felt very nice on my under-eyes
this product makes me raise a brow
you are literally rubbing the skin around your eyes
want to prevent wrinkles or skin damage
simply a highlighter in a tiny tube with an iron
try tea bags in the fridge
this gel doesn't make a dramatic impact on undereye puffiness or creasing
clumps in the dispensing hole
it also made any makeup i put over it look cakey.
also the iron applicator gimmick is cute
it creased in the fine lines under my eyes
left my skin under my eyes puffy
i personally like the metal under my eyes for the cooling sensation
this product instantly smoothes out those hideous bags
my tube smells like rancid oil
i feel like i'm rubbing off the product if i rub off the crust
this applicator is awful
stabs your undereye when trying to use it
i noticed that the powdered finish sort of flakes
a scratchy throat because the fragrance was
the cooling tip de-puffs some
it makes my already red skin even redder
it also leaves me oily.
the lid isn't snug
it strips everything from your skin!!
i'd completely stripped the acid mantle
after i washed it off my skin felt unpleasantly tight
if you want that pore-clenching feeling
this product flaked my skin!
accentuated my pores when i got out of the shower
this cleans well; i love how it foams.
have been using it with my mini luna sonic facial brush
kind of like burnt plastic
used this with my clarisonic cleansing brush
this facial soap dried my skin
it burned my eyes horribly
it was like cleaning my face with dirty old socks
my skin concerns are oiliness
some redness/dryness around my nose
this burnt the skin on my cheeks
the scent of it i think irritated my skin
little balls of the serum would roll off on my fingers
i get the occasional monthly hormonal break out on my chin
the kind of acne that seemed like it came from clogged pores
due to the silicone in the product all i was left with were severely clogged pores
it made my skin super red
the actual product is gooey and feels like glue.
you could fold some gold foil into elmer's glue
i feel a nasty residue after rinsing
with an unwashed face
i would say that i like this better than the irish moor mud mask because it has brought more impurities to the surface than the mud mask
the mask irritated my face
caused a few whiteheads to pop up as well as redness
a raw feeling on my skin
i learned taking it off with makeup remover wipes
upon washing it off it's very thick
my pores are clogged
it does leave some teeny little gold flecks on your skin
only some wrinkles on my forehead
i like brightening masks because of my acne scars
a hybrid gelatinous / cream feeling
after 2 days i started getting blackheads on my nose
not worth the exorbitant cost because it's so darkly pigmented that it stained half my washcloths
took unnecessary scrubbing to get the dark goop off my face
i love that it diminishes the redness in my nose area
old acne scars after using though
the girl at the store recommended this one for my t-zone oiliness
i washed it off
my face looked like a tomato
black masks to attempt to clear out my pores
still left with clogged pores
it made it easier to extract the blackheads on my nose
burns when first applied
as it left a dingy grey-black residue on my face
despite me rinsing the mask off thoroughly
looked like i had a bad sunburn
i find rinsing without the use of a wash cloth is better for me
my face is peeling
i like the close nozzle to keep it from oozing out during travellight smell
i get black what appears to be dirty foam all over the sink
it is not foamy or milky.
this cleanser dried out my skin instantly the first use
my hyper pigmented skin is ruined for valentine's day
wrinkles around my mouth after 3 days of using it
am oily in some places
it gets lightly foamy
cleans my acne-prone skin well
even in my oily t-zone area
i now have flaky skin on my chin
ashy no matter how much i moisturized my skin
washed off all of my makeup
skin turned so flaky
avoid eye area and lips.
stuck to oil cleansing method
the cleanser gets into my mouth
its so oily it made my face break out because i have combination skin it made my skin gross
wrinkles under the eyes
this eye cream melts into the skin
my under eye skin was dull
it left a white film on my eyes
it dried my eye area to the point that i saw creases
the product dried a white color and flaked off.
i am starting to get papery lines underneath also
did nothing for dark circles or puffiness
not on the lids
it burns my eyes
it says that it goes from mud to foam by "applying 1-2 pumps
scaly patches on my nose
rub on your skin while it foams
it has a squirt bottle
flaky patches all over my face
their white bottled cleanser
the mud to foam is a neat effect.
my face felt like fine sandpaper.
use the cleanser with this brush
which plugs up the skin with little bumps
i will keep using it as i like the mud to foam technique
i noticed it was burning my skin in the area from under my nose to jaw
this cleanser is a semi-thick light green-beige mud that slowly lathers up to a foam
my skin also appeared matte
that might've irritated my skin.
barely any granules to exfoliate!
so, i'm a 24-year-old with moderately oily skin.
mud transforming to foam is like shoes that light up
some of the product seeped out
i duct taped it
a employee at sephora suggested this cleanser to me because i wanted something "scrubby"
my face was ridiculously oily
clay mask type feel
it left my skin with a smooth
my face was squeaky clean
this cleanser is for someone with super oily skin
i literally started peeling on my nose
the texture of my skin became scaly and gross.
my foundation got all cakey because of the dry skin
it says mud to foam...?
so you have half a minute spear time to load your skin with hydrated mist
after a week my pores were clogged
josie maran's aryan oil face wash
it just felt thick and sticky when applied.
the side of my nose
my upper lip is completely flaky
night creamy mask on the areas to get back to normal
i wanted something that would keep my skin from becoming ashy
starts to get ashy right away
my skin started flaking
my skin would flake occasionally
i got little bumps around my cheeks
almost as if i had a horrible sunburn!
it tingles when applied with product
i liked the idea of a mud to foam cleanser
it irritated my skin
my cheeks started turning red
my under eyes look greasy
flaked off like cement
it looks like i have little eraser shavings in my eyes
it beads all over causing me to reapply my makeup
i can see something looks like eraser crumbs falling down
it also has a kind of gross smelling odor.
i tend to get puffy underneath my eyes
my skin was irritated
flaking on my eyelids
it makes my eyes burn
i still had tired and puffy eyes.
the lotus eye cream was drying
left my eye flakey
just couldn't get pass the stench
it smelled like curdled milk
ended up with angry red blotches on my cheeks
left a greasy oily sticky residue that was very unpleasant
coconut or olive oil for instance
left me with clogged pores around the chin area
the oil doesn't turn into a milky substance
fragrance is, again, a known irritant.
this treatment left my skin feeling sticky
once i applyed it made my face itchy
shiny due to the greasiness
slightly darkens the skin
then red bumps all over my chin
now i have acne scars to get rid of.
they smell and burn my eyes if i sweat.
when blended between my fingers i could see orange
also the tint stained my nailpolish i will be taking it back to sephora
this jar is the cause of my blemishes.
makes my face super oily
i've always suffered from oily skin
the stench of this serum
fading discoloration caused by sun damage
then when you put it on your skin it smells like a dirty #2 diaper or dirty poopy baby wipes mixed with chocolate
like rotten fish and cheese in one.
using this product i broke out in acne all over my cheeks
this product is so sticky
but the sticky is gross.
each time i got zits
i feel like i'm slathering chemicals on my face.
it stung the skin around my nose
toasted pop corn/white chocolate" is my every morning hardest routine
felt sticky on skin like it never absorbed
- like a combination of nail polish remover
when i rinsed the product off
it caused me to break out in pimples
my skin was burning upon application!
this product is sticky
kept the moor mud mask instead
even all over my forehead where i never get acne
even across my oily t-zone area
black heads on my nose
like a bag of chips filled with air.
also when applying it sprinkles
my skin is thick so can h
it really removed the dead skin gently.
i feel squeaky clean after
it make it in to a paste
i spill a bunch in the sink
oily feeling that this gave my skin
my face got so overheated from being so oily that i couldn't get rid of the redness/oily feeling even after washing my face
the small indentations left from past pimples
it beaks me out every time i use it
this is like rubbing perfume on your face!
it is a bit sticky
seems potent but sticky.
if your skin is at all oily
the serum is oily and makes your face shiny.
the texture is unpleasantly sticky
it creases under my eye
it's covers big pores only if patted on not rubbed into
in the vein of dior or ysl
cause your pores to look like polka dots
blurred my pores and locked in my makeup.
i applied moisturizer then applied this in my t zone to blur my pores
i've used it on freshly washed face
when i apply light foundation the lotion actually peels off my skin in little balls
my skin started to itch
the fumes from the fragrance burn my eyes
this made my skin flake
had a scent that made my eyes water
flaked/ rolled up on the surface of my skin
leaves a greasy texture on my skin
it left my skin oily
any friction causes little white balls to form
it leaves your skin sticky
it leaves a tacky / sticky feeling on my skin
i can feel the layer smearing around as i wash my face
this is the consistency of wax
the cream is so thick it has the consistency of a glue stick
make it more spreadable on my skin still leaves me with clumps of unblended
wax-like cream that peel off at the slightest touch to my under-eye area after application
makes the skin around my eyes sting
this eye cream is on the heavy side.
this puffed my eyes all up
super thick like a paste
messed up my concealer
my eyelids got really red
this product just flakes off.
plus dark patches on my cheeks in the summer
looking like the hulk rolled in olive oil
it actually made my forehead
nose bridge kind of flakey/scaley
i think it did help soften some of the lines on my forehead
my skin is oily
i got more whiteheads
it gave me pimples on my neck
i felt as if dust or hair on my face
i've struggled with oily skin
it still left me with blackheads
clogged my pores big time especially on my chin
my oily skin was even oiler then before i started using them
i stopped using luna and my oiliness subsided.
it was a silky, and sank into skin quickly.
there were red patches on my cheeks
the "slight tingling" burns my skin for hours after i use it
it makes my skin oily
i don't even have oily skin.
it has a sticky thick texture that just sits on top of the skin
then a drop of chlorella on my forehead
i rotated that out for the hyaluronic acid
still with chlorella on my forehead
now i have peeling skin all over my chin
uneven texture with acne prone skin
get into my hair
have some wrinkles due to sun damage
made my cheek splotchy
i am not oily at all
it will blur out pores
freshly exfoliated skin with nothing on it
if i exfoliated my face the morning of
i've tried applying with fingers
i end up with little balls or specks of makeup
it goes in my hair
it discolored & changed the consistency.
kinda like bug spray
the smell is an awful chemically odor that lingered on my face even after washing my face twice
as soon as i layered my foundation or bb cream over it i noticed little balls or pilling
i tried applying with both fingers
it pilled as i was applying it
i hope shoppers who have oily
which makes my pores appear like craters
the added sheen to my eyelids wasn't bad at all.
this first aid beauty product has a thick gel consistency
leaves a little of sticky finish
did not clogged my pores
my oily areas remained the same
across my nose under my glasses so that when i rub my finger in that area
the makeup slides off on to my finger
a bit sticky when you touch it
i looked really oily
filling the look of pores"
this moisturizer still leaves a heavy layer on my skin
nose especially even more oily
i just started rubbing my nose r
noticed bits of the moisturizer coming off
as i start rubbing my skin
it starts to turn into tiny little rolls/clumps of moisturizer
makes my pores look bigger and my face shiny.
this product made my skin beyond oily
made me more oily
no difference at all to my oily skin
did nothing to help with my oiliness.
much more oily/filmy skin that usual
made my skin more oily
my t zone was super oily/shiny
this product did not help my acne or oily skin!!
especially nose more oily
when applied it feels sticky
when i squeeze the product out a liquidy oily substance comes out first
my pores appeared the same:big and ugly.
makes my skin look oily
if any gets in your eyes it burns severely
it left a weird residue.
turns into gray flakes because of the third ingredient
for oily skin it will make your face look ever oilier
feels like a face mask on the skin
it made my skin more oily
i noticed it clogged my pores after a few days with whiteheads
i wear liquid sun screen everyday
normally oily to combo skin
i could take my fingernail
even to my combination to oily skin this cleanser is super drying
it made my face feel squeaky
i also noticed a lot of leftover makeup on a cotton pad after washing my face
while this cleanser left my face squeaky clean
bright it caused acne on my chin
this face wash made tiny little bumps appear all over my cheeks
this stings my eyes when i use it to remove eye makeup
sometimes i would have mascara residue under my eyes in the morning
i found that i was more oily at the end of the day
my forehead still has a little dryness
my cheeks are patchy
my skin looks flaky under my makeup
my t-zone was twice as oily
even after blotting, i was still shiny.
leaves my skin tacky/sticky
my skin remained chapped to the point of peeling
my skin is already oily
as it can leave a greasy residue
by the evening i had what seemed like hundreds of small pimples across forehead
acne with big pores skin
leaves a thing oily layer that i don't like
left my face feeling goopy
except for a small portion on my forehead
i could literally get it under my fingernail if i scraped my cheek
it also leaves a slightly sticky feeling.
will keep searching for my holy grail eye cream
i don't have puffiness or dark circles
i see no difference in my sun/acne spots
my skin is also peeling a little
i like pretending like this product works in lightening my freckles
i don't see a change in redness or my freckles
it made my face super oily
i actually think this is breaking me out by clogging my pores on my chin creating blackheads
also mads my face very oily and shiny
made my skin sting
this eye cream was too oily for daily use.
i constantly have raccoon eyes from mascara rubbing underneath
dry, cracked, caked, and so unappealing.
my skin was flaking
there is no miracle in a jar or tiny plastic surgeon in a bottle
somewhat plumps out the crows feet
after about a week of use the skin on my eyelids
under eye area began to flake
around the inner corner
felt almost sticky which made my skin look wrinkly
i don't get as oily
i am a dark girl and have oily skin.
it left my whole face feeling oily
which is weird because i have oily skin
it was too oily
i felt it left a sticky feeling after application
is a long way off of removing mascara
each time my skin had red splotches
made my pores st
clay itself doesn't have the same viscous quality as gel
i noticed my skin becoming red around my nose
on the tops of my cheeks 3 washes later
more pumps of the mud
my oily skin started to break out gradually until i literally had pimples everywhere
my face feels like i,ve washed it with glue.
oil on my skin
left a strange oily residue behind
made my face flakey!
blurs out my skin imperfections
any bb cream or primer of any kind clings to dry patches
the consistency is very clumpy and thick.
also it leaves a white flaky film on skin.
this moisturiser leaves a white cast on your face
soak into your skin
with a sheen of grease overtop
made my skin look all flaky
it flakes my skin when i put other products over it
creates a white cast on my skin
it leaves a white cast
i noticed my skin started peeling
it peeled the skin on my t-zone.
cheeks are drying out
flaking toward mid-end of the day
the product literally flaked off my face
i applied this to clean skin
as i rubbed it on
it makes my skin oily
it also caused the skin on my nose to start peeling from dryness
it itched for hours
my skin looked chalky
verging on oily on my forehead sometimes
ncredibly thick on your skin
any moisture on my face to my skin
bumpy texture to the skin on my chin
put it on my face it felt like glue
too gracy, leave a white layer
it also started forming chunks when rubbing it in maybe from dead skin cells
this sunscreen leaves a white cast on even very pale skin
the zinc makes it very white
it does leave a white cast
its like having melted marshmallow on your face.
kept leaving gross white flakes
leaves a really white cast on my skin
it settles into my neck creases, yuck!
created a white residue over my skin
left a thick white cast
the white cast of the sunscreen seemed to accentuate the flaky patches on my nose
i usually have 1-2 pimples around jawline/chin
does have a white cast
i wiped my forehead
was covered in white
the texture is loosely whipped.
clumpy stuff that appeared when applying my foundation
this mask was very clumpy
it caused me to have 13 pimples just on my forehead
the fragrance burnt my eyes
bought this for my oily skin
the smell of the mask
did not remove blackheads.
i still had visible sebaceous filaments on my nose
i felt the bubbles tingling on my face
after i rinsed it off
my face became blotchy
the foaming of the product irritated the mess out of me
thick-viscosity gel to your face
as i could tell by the black smudges under my eye
controlled my oiliness a bit too
this product is causing me more scarring than relief from acne scars
not for oily skin
i started to notice that my skin was peeling around my forehead
pore size or my redness caused by acne
now i am breaking out like a prepubescent fry cook
this mask feels like bugs crawling on your face
it didn't do much for the dry skin on my forehead
this repair cream is very thick
i found that odd since i regularly exfoliate
it flakes right off after it dries
the black heads and white heads are still there.
large pores around the nose
did help smooth irritation of my pimples
i stained the colar of my black coat 6.
i found that it leaves a white cast
forehead also broke which i typically do not suffer from acne
this ended up irritating my rosacea-prone skin
impurities on my nose
this one is black
it leaves some residue in my large pores
the emergency mask was white
my hair looked oily when i woke up
smells like motor oil.
i slather them on in the winter
to really remove makeup i need to use it with a muslin cloth
leaves behind a filmy residue
also not squeaky clean
it leaves my skin too oily
oily for my skin type
i've noticed makeup residue on my white towels after i dry my face
i don't enjoy rubbing my dry face with a greasy substance
rubbing it in some more
it must be rinsed off
this eye cream is too watery
my face is so oily i'm usually super shiny by 10:00 a
the eye soufflé was way too thick
the application is so clumpy
omly smear larger globs where it feels like it
i eventually got a small rough patch of skin on my forehead
since the cleanser is black
the tube is black
then it melted into goo
ooze over the sides of container creating a hot mess
however love the black mask.
it really did a number on my lip and mouth area.
ended up with black goop all over my face
never got any lather-the texture remained thick
there was more goop on the product
do not show a centimeter of the product!
left my skin feeling kind of itchy
or a freshly mopped kitchen from the 50's
from morning until i washed it off at night i could have used my cheeks as a lint roller
skin feels sticky after
it left my skin feeling sticky
made my eyes water
made my skin sticky
my face had an oily/tacky film both days
makeup were an oily mess
it smells like iron
it smells like burnt plastic or burnt hair.
when it's squired onto my fingers
it smells like ammonia
under the surface pimple on my cheek
throughout the day i could see little tiny pimples forming all over my forehead
the texture of the mask is basically a grainy clay mask
like i'm talking bout puberty acne typa break out
i've never even had hairline acne
maybe the gritty texture got stuck in my pores.
first use the super mud
i am brown skinned.
the grit was everywhere
after rinsing the product off it left a film on my face that caused pilling to occur when i applied my moisturizer
goes from foam to powder.
when it dries to fine powder.
falls if you make any facial expressions
i am constantly blotting my skin.
chest during summer exposure
sensitive skin with a lot of acne scarring on my cheeks
removing dead skin cells because the formula is gritty
then use my clarisonic brush to exfoliate
i tend to like a more abrasive exfoliation for my oily skin
it flakes off under makeup
this was recommended to me for my oily skin
i noticed after 3-5 days of use my pores got super congested
left my skin oily
flaky since i have combination skin
it made my skin feel oily after using this product
the sunscreen in the product melted down my forehead
i tried to apply it sparingly on my forehead
this mask left a sticky
they were all sticky
i tried out the green tea mask because i had a few stubborn pimples
i love the green sheet mask
i tried the algae mask.
my skin was extra oily throughout the day
i'll stick with regular masques
chances are you have oily skin
avoid products that are "made for oily skin"
reduce shine on my nose
my forehead has still been pretty oily by midday
my forehead is shiny by lunch
i felt a layer of dirt
i would look like a raccoon after using this cleanser
it also feels thick.
it's so very non-viscous and watery.
it does remove eye makeup
it had difficulty removing my eyeliner
made my skin flakey
it seemed very oily in my undereye area
it was stinging my eyes
crack like some masks
as far as wrinkled i'm lucky in that area this far
around my eyes were red, tight, and itchy.
just left an oily residue on top of my face
it will clog your pores
my skin became flakey
sort of peely on my nose
it rubs off yellow
it left my skin feeling really oily
it only left a faint pinkness for 30 minutes or so
feels like a pretty nasty sunburn for two to three hours after using the laser
it looked like i had slash marks on my cheekbones
cone heavy products clog my pores
for reference i have oily skin.
my sister has more of that 'nervous' redness or 'been in the kitchen too long' redness
just to calm random redness.
i feel it sits on skin and leaves residue.
i put a very thick layer on my skin.
i love the thick consistency
when it drys it leaves residue behind
patches of red dry on my cheeks
with in one application my cheeks were soothed
the cream is thick and greasy.
it clogged my pores
it kept flaking off my skin
jar packaging is unstable and unsanitary.
im a 30 year old with mix/oily skin.
it was rusty-looking
didn't help my discoloration or pigmentation.
it made my skin red
rub the residue into your h
unclean for hours afterwards
the jelly like consistency of this product didn't dissolve into my skin
this product is sticky and made my face sting.
also it leaves a sticky residue.
also the gel feels sticky and clogging.
when you swatch it
btw i have oily to normal skin
small bumps cover my cheek area
it was so sticky
it left a kind of sticky film on my face
it dries sooo sticky/ tacky.
your face will stick to the pillowcase slightly.
but it might for oily skin.
my skin turned red
within 5 minutes my skin was covered in little goose pimples
it smelled like glue and did nothing for my face.
with an oily t-zone
didn't reduce bags or puffiness
couldn't deal with my eyes watering
i also noticed that my concealer was flaking
even my eye cream
this eye balm melts into my under eye area like
this eye cream made my eyes sting!
left my undereyes looking like there was a smear of shiny dried glue underneath them
crumbly and dries up crusty
there is no oily feeling
i got it for the puffiness
if i rub my eyes
the cream turns crusty dry as if i'm doing a facial peel
the eye balm is really runny.
i do get redness
puffiness around my eyes
it does nothing for puffiness under the eye at all
i still had some dry patches on my forehead
my face is red, stinging and dried out.
heavy perfumy smell sting my nose
as in cystic acne
the fine lines on my forehead
after two uses it left my cheeks red
leaves a grainy residue on your skin
on my cheeks now i have redness
this clay left my sensitive skin irritated/red.
it was just your basic clay mask that turned milky when wet
consistency of the mask reminds me of crushed chalk mixed with a bit of water
made my cheeks red
it left my cheeks stinging so won't be using white at all
to the point it was flaking even with moisturizer
when using a gel or foam, my skin feels cleaner.
it's so creamy that it gets stuck in all your eyelashes
on my brow bone skin from this product
i broke out in tiny little zits
it caused me skin irritation and break outs.
the glass dropper falls off
the serum seemed to form globs
it made my skin greasy
oily/acne-prone/sensitive
left a "film" on my face that was sticky to the touch
t-zone being the most oily spots on my face
i could see the sheen right away
the shimmer i think doubled with my face powder to give my face too much of a sheen
lastly, the produce smells like play-dough.
the texture is a bit thick
the mask doesn't come with the brush as pictured
especially around my nose my cheeks
nothing for my redness around my cheeks
the texture is slimy
my skin is fair with some redness.
just some pink around my nose, cheeks & forehead.
ultra blotchy red skin
like wax on me-
it just felt thick and greasy on my face.
i felt it clogged my pores
it did nothing for my skins texture or hyperpigmentation
loss of elasticity in my neck
a little redness on my cheeks
non-irritating eye cream
stuck to the inner walls of the bottle
i used a q-tip to remove a bit to dab under my eyes
would steer clear if you have oily/acne prone skin
not for oily skin
it has these white little specks of ceramide that get left on your face even after thoroughly rubbing it in
left my skin looking so oily
discoloration or general radiance
i woke up to peely flaky skin
then i rinsed my face
it drys my skin out
it cleans my skin
as for the algae
flaking skin with the hopes that it would help hydrate
the mask burned slightly
left my face red like a peel
i used it in the morning after rinsing my face.
it leaves my face slightly sticky when i wash it off
it feels thick and goopy also.
it was terrible, just a peeling, pilling mess.
it was thick, smelled bad, and was sticky.
will clump on your face
crumples into thick chunks all over your face
i hated washing my face wit that smell
just using a primer rubs off all the product into little clumps
falls off like glue
forms nasty little gray balls of yuck
i noticed little white balls all over my skin
why my makeup was clumping up
skin still look flaky around my checks
already got two pimples because of the grease
i used it on a freshly exfoliated face
rubs off my face
the cream was super thick
because it had a vague aroma of moldy weeds
lightly work it n2 my skin
i always grab moisturizer samples in those tiny little jars
for years i've been in the habit of applying a tiny amount of face cream on my lips
i pat it on my freshly washed, almost damp skin.
no balling up no peeling.
peeled off my face
it's like you're rubbing aunt jemima pancake syrup on your face
left my face oily
even clogged my pores
parts of my face feel grimy
bits of it flake off
while rubbing in the product it started to flake off as a peeling mask would
even then it peeled off my skin when i applied my concealer over it
it will make you a grease ball
is like pancake syrup to me
i too would get the flaking
i felt like i was smearing sour cream on my face
it was so thick
since i have oily skin
still super sticky hours after use.
it looked after application to make my skim oily
i still noticed faint white streaks sitting on top of my skin
when it dries it flaked off my skin
as i rubbed this into my skin
when i rubbed my face i felt little flakes or piece of moisturizer flake of
one in every cheeks
it is oily as all anything
i also got a couple tiny whiteheads.
the activated charcoal soap for my teenager
remove all traces of makeup
a stinky no smell blant bar of soap
i decided i'd buy the pink clay soap bar
i sniffed my arm
even after continuously rubbing at my skin with the soap for minutes
without the coconut oil
i noticed that my pores became clogged
this facial oil broke me out badly
the coconut oil in it clogged my pores
some people swear by coconut oil
i find it takes a lot of rubbing
smearing to get it to absorb into my skin
my skin still looks oily
and it smelt like sweat.
my oil is a dark brown
it irritated my skin
it clogged up my pores
reduce redness as my skin turned-over
the lapis oil sank into my skin better
i tried herbivore's lapis oil
in fact it smelled like plastic
its too runny and super difficult to stir!
i'd suggest going with the blue tansy mask by them
the texture is very runny
i tried both this one and the blue tansy.
it smells like vicks vapour rub/vinegar
'd ordered it directly off herbivore website along w the facial oils
except for a vague greasy sensation
cleaning it off is like cleaning off a slippery slime
it was sticky and made my concealer separate.
tapping lightly with your ring finger
the cream is thick
my eyelids are literally peeling
this eye cream made my eyes puffy
because this jar is bulky for an eye cream
when i applied under my eyes it made my cheek bones a little too puffy looking
it also left a sticky feeling on my skin after i applied
ed on the farmacy eye dew
it made my eyelids sting
this product was drying and made my eyes puffy.
i love droppers with squeeze tops.
if you can baste a turkey or chicken
this thing fills the dropper then pours the serum out onto your face
my hands smelt like soy sauce while applying it.
really have to make an effort rubbing in my moisturizer or sun screen
i'll use the bottle on my chest
is tiny bit sticky
you can already smell the horrible stench
this is foul smelling
the smell lingers for hours
the texture is sticky as well.
left my face super oily
smells like you rubbed ribs all over your face
not only was it causing blackheads
discoloration on my face
the smell reminded me of rotten fish
my fingers were orange
it's literally like rubbing thick orange juice on your face
it leaves your skin super sticky
this clogged my pores
left my skin feeling sticky after application.
it smells like burnt pumpkin to me
after 2 days of using it i have small white headed acne on my cheeks
i noticed my usually matte makeup was all shiny in two hours
day moisturizer from drunk elephant
i think it's the algae in this product that causes clogged pores
no dice--saw clogged pores after one application.
my blush wouldn't go on evenly
i read on their instagram that older bottles can cause blackheads
it's concentrated along my jawline
with blackheads developing on the cheek area
this is a sticky mess.
leaves an orange stickiness to your face
i accidentally got it on my lip once
i applied it after washing my skin
the texture is like a silicone gel which immediately absorbed into my skin
maybe for oily skin will work !
the first few days seemed to hydrate my combo oily skin
seemed to make my combo oily skin into combo dry skin
thick almost like high quality shaving cream
it is like rubbing shaving cream all over your face
i let my kid use it as shaving cream with his fake shaver set
this product is not good for oily skins.
i like to use this foaming cleanser during summer when my skin is more oily
his oily skin didn't improve at all
squeaky after using it
i need more of a deep clean because of my oily/combination skin
my skin would feel unclean still because of all the fragrances in it
i've done an egg whites mask before
the clarisonic made the mousse dissolve into absolutely nothing
with oily-combination skin
works great as a shaving cream on legs
so you have to lather the foam
the mask does lighten up or polish the skin
this smelled like cheap hair mousse to me
the egg cream sheet masks are 100 times better
now that foam is tingling
feels like little bugs crawling on my face.
i am now trying a korres black pine product.
its lighter, like a gel versus a thick cream.
i don't have a ton of wrinkles near my eyes
concealer didn't slide off it or get cakey
my eyeshadow crease so bad
found no improvement with the saggy skin around my eyes
wrinkles under my eyes
shelled out the $62 for this eye balm
my eyelids looked a bit sunken in
by the end of the day my eye area looked more wrinkled as a result
it also leaves a sticky film on your skin.
when i get a new acne scar
left my face feeling sticky
all i got was a sticky face.
freckling under the eyes
on the apples of my cheeks
above my top lip
irritation this serum left behind was permanently damaging
the texture is so so sticky
to ward against sun exposure
night on some acne scars
never had a blackhead problem before
thinking temporary blackheads are a small price to pay for getting rid of scarring
i noticed some tiny tears
it exfoliated my face
your skin will turn red
i look like i have a facial sunburn from a nonexistent beach trip
it didnt help my hyperpigmentation lighten or go away
my face got red blotches all over it
i felt as all my impurities weren't being removed even with the addition of a exfoliating brush
massaged it in to my skin
oily in summer/fall
my eyesight is foggy from make up
my skin is tingling/slightly burning after use
this double mousse cleanser actually left my skin red
the zit i had was practically invisible
i noticed it would give me small red bumps on my forehead
felt like crocodile skin.
ncredibly drying that my skin was peeling
while my face is not oily it is so red
my acne seems to be spreading a little on to my cheeks
mostly breakout in chin
my entire forehead has a bunch of pimples right now
it really dried my skin out it literally made my skin peel
its just so runny that it slips out of the cap.
is a known skin irritant
it was like raw skin.
it also bleached all my towels
white pustules all over my face
stripped my face of all oils.
it smells like rubbing alcohol.
it is super gummy
the product immediately flakes off
it looks like my skin is peeling
this might work on bare skin
the texture drags on the skin
it smells like bad shrimp.
it wasn't clear if the blue tansy oil was used just for coloring
i already have the ceramic slip clay cleanser
the blue moon leaves a residue
it also seeps into your eyeballs if you are trying to remove mascara/eye makeup
with sharp sugar crystals
i still have remnants of makeup after rinsing.
get the holika holika pig clear balm
almost like smearing a light vasoline over my face
when i washed it off my face felt greasy
usually prior to washing my hair
to me it would be grinding makeup into my pores.
it was too oily
soften this balm in order to slather over the face
this is a super thick, almost waxy balm.
my skin was super parched after having a stomach bug
this product did not leave my skin matte or blurred or primed i have oily skin
my cheeks particularly started peeling
my skin is still left flaky
hydrogenated vegetable oil in it for slip
still left a very light oily residue on my face
also left traces of my mascara
eyeliner around my eyes
there's yellow residue still on there
tery cream that you massage into your skin then rub off with a sponge
the brush seems to waste product
at the top is almond oil.
it left a residue feeling
it feels like sticky milk.
this "melting cleanser" did not remove my makeup
i massaged it into my skin
more like a whipped balm
love their sheet mask
