because i find this product almost unpleasant
surprisingly it doesn't irritate the skin because i have sensitive skin
it's delicate on very sensitive skins like mine
the cream is very sticky.
this felt extremely thick and sticky to me.
i give the two stars because i have very sensitive skin
unfortunately it left a very sticky feeling
it was extremely sticky
i also can have overly reactive skin
it is very very thick
feels very heavy on my skin
so thought this lotion would be equally as divine
not particularly pleasing to apply
the cream is very sticky
i feel that it is too strongly fragranced
it made me feel extremely itchy
you have to be careful though
they're definitely more helpful
i do not have sensitive skin
not overly joyful with this product.
got 2 samples at a sephora to see how it would work on my sensitive skin
prone to acne skin that can get very red
my aesthetician recommended this product for my sensitive
certainly is mild for my uber-sensitive skin.
it seems that fab might not be a good option for me since i have sensitive
'm fairly certain this is the culprit
this serum, however, not particularly impressive.
i did not find it particularly "hydrating" either
even though it is supposed to be for sensitive skin
have very sensitive skin/contact dermatitis
my skin is sensitive
too expensive to not provide visible results
also my skin is extremely sensitive
and applicator was also quite annoying to use.
it also felt fairly sticky.
i think it is a fairly good moisturizer though.
however as a stressful university student
it was semi-good.
the skin below has become even more delicate
this was terribly heavy and oily for me.
it wa also very oily.
this is indeed rich as the description says
that my pores were all becoming very clogged
i rarely see breakouts
didn't work with my sensitive skin.
i don't have particularly sensitive skin
my skin is not extremely sensitive
the product is very expensive for the poor results
they are very lightweight of course
i am always the lightest foundations with cool/neutral undertones
my expectations were very high
even with a moisturizer it is extremely drying
it feels very heavy
only have very fine lines
especially in my dark circles
i don't have sensitive skin either!
it applies very easily
it was a very unpleasant feeling.
typically do not have sensitive skin
i made sure it would be okay for sensitive skin
i did like how gentle and non-irritating it was.
it completely dried out my sensitive combination skin
it was also really unpleasant to use.
they're very different products.
this isn't great if you have dry skin that is also sensitive/acne prone
i find that the liquid in the daily roller is not very easy to distri
this felt very heavy
it felt very heavy on my skin
still too high for such a basic cream in a jar
it feels very intense
i don't have sensitive skin
sensitive skin needed a bit more moisture
did not bother my sensitive skin
especially not under makeup
it works very well.
my skin is a little bit sensitive
this product is super sticky
this mask was very tricky
especially in the am
the scent, however, is unpleasant.
i it is not for sensitive skin
it is very gentle yet effective with cleaning
seems to remove most of the makeup
murad came highly recommended to me.
it smells very strong like chemicals.
my skin is the opposite of sensitive.
with sensitive skin it just wasn't meant to be
not as sensitive skin though
i don't have particularly sensitive skin.
left my skin extremely red
it seems to be either highly fragranced or contains an ingredient that may be a potential skin irritant
the smell is so strong that it is actually unpleasant
: ( i have combination, sensitive skin.
i did love that this product was not drying at all because i have sensitive/combination skin
i also am fairly pale.
it is very expensive for being just a lotion
this was highly recommended from a sephora employee
highly recommend that one
highly recommended by sephora employee.
i may have sensitivity to an ingredient.
passed it off to my partner thinking it was my sensitive skin reacting to it
skin care products should not be heavily perfumed
i don't have sensitive skin
i found this formula to be extremely drying
it seems like a very thin layer
this product is insanely overpriced
particularly for the oil cleansing method
too heavy of a scent for my face
they are very common
im just that sensitive.
particularly when i wear makeup
the smell is overtly strong
either extremely dry or extremely oily
as it's very low quality
to be fair my skin isn't particularly dry or problematic
i highly recommend avoiding this product.
the application is super easy
i find i go through it very fast even after a small application
most frustrating thing is the smell.
my skin is very sensitive
i think my skin is too sensitive for it.
also the nozel is very squirty
weren't feeling very creative
and also i love most of origin's face mask.
especially around the eye area
the cleansing performance of this product is comparatively very poor
it also made my skin very prone to break outs when typically i get one or two pimples a month
it did clean fairly well
my ideal product would keep my skin from becoming tight
uncomfortable throughout the day
especially for the price
the fragrance is too strong
the inclusion of a high amount of fragrance made this a no-go for my sensitive skin
didn't absorb very well
if you're any bit sensitive to smell
tend to like most oils
it's very thin which normally i would be ok with
it made my face flakey which is most likely the alcohol
it is not appropriate for oily/combination skin at all
my problem is mainly that it makes my face extremely dry which doesn't make sense at all
wouldn't recommend it if you have sensitive skin
left my skin feeling incredibly tight and sticky.
makes them super red
however i was hesitant to do so because of the silicone ingredient: dimethicone
it mostly feels awkward.
it was very messy to use
application is extremely smooth
the bottle is very attractive
they weren't very moist
it is not as lightweight
cooling are very important for me in an eye cream
it's very gentle on that area
i will say though that i have sensitive skin with roseacea
it is very light weight
it was very cooling
on my skin i find it to be extremely greasy
my skin is super sensitive
'm not putting this mask in the spotlight particularly
it was very intrusive
also sometimes acne prone
not made me sting is one that is astronomically expensive
if your skin isn't sensitive
the moisturizer itself is already very glittery
this product is quite thin
it is more difficult to use
it didn't irritate my sensitive skin in any way
despite this lotion being very sheer
dark for my super fair skin
its so easy to use
they are not very clear
even though i am not usually very oily
having the flip cap part is very clever.
also be careful if you have acne scars
i would say this is not for sensitive or acne prone skin
also made my skin tone become super uneven
this may work for people without sensitive skin.
was too strong for me to use
perhaps not the best for people with sensitive skin
very expensive for a moisturizer that is just ok.
it gets very flaky
this is far from "intensive"
it feels like a very un needed product in my opinion
sensitive skin friendly though.
this is very sticky
it just feels very very sticky
especially around my nose
my face is still extremely dry
very uncomfortable on the skin.
which is really uncomfortable
where the winder is very mild
the texture itself is quite thin though
i found that this is too lightweight
isn't the skin on our face pretty sensitive?
too much for my sensitive skin and headaches.
especially if you are sensitive to yeast.
could cause a skin infection or really irritate sensitive skin
this is definitely not for sensitive skin people
the scent is indeed very strong.
if you are sensitive to perfum-y smells
as many moisturizers often are
it is overly fragranced
tried this although it was very light
especially if you're sensitive to smells
this was just a little too drying for my sensitive skin
not badafter i used this product my skin very smooth
the foam is very subtle
does not clean very well
the directions are not very clear
i don't have overly oily skin.
while i am not overly sensitive to fragrance
i generally love korres products
the packaging is pretty
in fact a highly heavy sent which fades pretty fast
natural than highly perfumed
i am under the impression that perfumes are actually damaging to our skin
the smell is very strong.
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone sensitive to smell or fragrance
i find this very sticky
i like most of korres products
such a waste of expensive product
the glass bottle was very heavy
i would not recommend if you have sensitive or dry skin
is gentle while still being effective
not always effective for those with seborrheic dermatitis
sd often is accompanied with sensitive skin
the entirety of my skin falls under the sensitive category
even worse for sensitive skins that suffer from seborrheic dermatitis
really irritates already-sensitive skin
if you are sensitive to scents
the texture was very thin
very lightweight and almost gel-like.
i don't have particularly sensitive skin
which is also acne prone
my skin is sensitive
particularly with the formulation that this product has
mature as some might be
especially for the price tag
my skin insanely broke out
if you are sensitive to perfumes
it becomes super greasy
if you don't have super sensitive
did not break out my sensitive skin
particularly around my eyes
i do not have sensitive skin
i don't even have super sensitive skin
the formula stung my sensitive skin
moisturizer if i can get past the very strong gr
the cream is very heavy
very heavily scented and thick.
very thick, not very good for daily use
it also feels very greasy
clarins always are more sensitive skin friendly
this product is incredibly worthless.
except perhaps those with the most sensitive skin on the planet
perhaps if your skin is very sensitive you may choose this
it has a very particular texture in your face.
the product is really lightweight
it did sink in extremely quickly
i like this moisturizer very much
it also has a very strong fragrance
which makes it potentially irritating for sensitive skin
all the days i tried my face had become extremely oily
i don't have sensitive skin
very disappointing & expensive mistake
it has a very strong
my skin was incredibly dry
i am not sensitive at all to scents
i am not sensitive to smell.
the price is quite high
several of the pore products work very well
not the best choice for anyone who is sensitive to perfumes
around my delicate eye area
not good for sensitive skin.
i wouldn't recommend it for the super sensitive
fragile under eye area
it is extremely soothing on my eyes
which for me personally is super important as i have dry skin
especially for the price
i like to use my favorite things somewhat sparingly
it tingles by the lips, and is extremely sticky.
this lotion is very lightweight
it didn't make my sensitive skinbreak out
it's very heavily fragranced just to warn sensitive noses
i also get extremely oily after using this product
usage goes by very fast especially if you have dry skin
the little balls of cream are very cute
if you are at all sensitive to fragrance do not buy this product
it was very firming
the product is definitely in fact very sticky
it remained sticky even when i used less
texture were so rich
i also found the way the bottle delivers product to be pretty cumbersome
i really enjoyed this product since i am extremely oily
as expensive as this is
tried this many times and i have very oily skin.
this product is also ridiculously expensive
both times did not produce desirable effects.
and i mean like, extremely oily.
it is difficult to get out of the bottle because it has a dropper-type of dispenser
i generally find cover fx products to be high quality
these were sooooo expensive
especially when the light hits it
this was no match for my extremely oily skin
i like that this is lightweight
non sensitive skin with deep lines
i would expect this cream to be perfect since it is very expensive
it's overly fragranced which isn't good for the skin
usually choose moisturizers very carefully
i am not usually overly sensitive to products
the product itself is extremely rich
what i object to is the complicated
this moisturizer is too rich
i think it is too harsh for sensitive skin.
it is very rich
it is very un-intensive
ok for my sensitive skin
to be fair, i have extremely dry skin.
my skin was left very luminous without looking greasy or overly highlighty
it's probably the most expensive product of its kind on the market
is a very slightly highlighted moisturizer
for my face especially
it also has a ridiculously strong smell.
i am not normally sensitive to smells
just my friendly opinion.
my skin is fairly clear
my skin is sensitive
those with sensitive skin should avoid this product
i typically don't even have sensitive skin
not for sensitive skin
surprisingly strong for a face product
definitely wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin.
i do not have sensitive skin
like all glamglow products it comes with an unnecessarily high price tag
all things considered this one is palatable enough
the price is also way too high!
the pump i find is difficult to work.
i normally love perricone products
is still excessively oily
very picky about what i put on my face
this is a controversial product for me.
it is like a very course s
the packaging is too fragile for my taste
i usually go for something more lightweight
i now have extremely flaky
my skin can be sensitive
which i get very very infrequently
it has the feel of an unusually thick silicone-based makeup primer
it blurred my large pores very well
it's very thick though
one of the top ingredients is myristyl myristate which is extremely pore clogging
this one is very light
i really don't think this will be suitable for oily skins to be honest
if you are at all sensitive to fragrances stay away from this product
my skin is not prone to such reactions so this was really surprising
it has has a very strong perfume that is not pleasant
the consistency is very thick
i am not normally sensitive to smells
first of all this has a very thick
the smell is very strong
i can see this causing problems for people sensitive to fragrance
i already have acne prone/sensitive skin with some blemishes
not for sensitive skin or nose
it is very light
it is super tacky and difficult to apply.
it didn't irritate my sensitive skin
jaw line which is rare for me
it was such a cute package too.
especially since it has questionable ingredients
if you're sensitive to scents you should pass
my skin is super sensitive
this probably wouldn't work for others with really sensitive skin
as i have sensitive skin
the packaging is very well done though
the twisting pump is very convenient
beware if you're sensitive
a very expensive one at that
it is very sticky
this is very sticky
it left a sticky film that felt so uncomfortable
it is soooo incredibly sticky
i would not recommend for anyone with sensitive
as most creams are too heavy for my skin
i found it quite sticky
this gel is very sticky
the consistency is very lightweight
the price is quite expensive
especially since this is marketed towards "makeup lovers"
i've got sensitive combo skin
it does clear most of my pores
it is difficult to peel off
very easy to wash off
i do not recommend this product to people with dry/sensitive skin
was still almost impossible to peel off in a timely manner
it was so difficult to peal off
this seemed very ineffective as a cleansing product
the smell of this product was too harsh
this mask comes off so harshly that it literally peels off my skin at sensitive areas
this mask is very difficult to peel off
can get too time consuming
it was very difficult to make an even application
very difficult to peel off
i also found it difficult to remove
then it got too strong for my sensitive skin
could possibly be the scent which isn't strong for most people
my skin is super sensitive to anything
not to mention are less expensive
my skin is extremely prone to breakouts
don't recommend for sensitive skin.
i though this would work because it's made for sensitive skin
they have the most innovative
ingredients are fairly good
tried this because if the sensitive skin claim
my skin may be just too sensitive for this cleanser
it is not a very effective mask.
though a little bit too refreshing at first for my sensitive skin
i also use the face wash which is very gentle.
the moisturizer is very gentle on my extremely sensitive skin
which was not particularly pleasant
because it was so expensive
however, the scent is very strong.
loved the texture and absorbs very fast.
this product is quite expensive it's quantity
it wasn't as heavy as most i have used
it was non irritating
i do not have sensitive skin
the smell was incredibly offensive
not something you would expect from something touted as being suitable for sensitive skin
it was incredibly thin
the oil is very thin
i think its for "mature" skin only.
this stuff is so heavily fragranced
it is also very light.
it is also not the best on sensitive skin
as someone with sensitive skin
i will say that this product is very heavily scented
find that they are more likely to irritate sensitive skin
it always leaves my face feeling very sticky.
it was very sticky.
so prone to some sensitivities
i've found i'm not as sensitive as i once was
the smell was very strong -- i generally go for facial products with a more subtle scent
i do not have sensitive skin whatsoever
it worked with my sensitive skin nicely
it is so overly perfumed and it lingers.
i found the scent too heavy
wouldn't recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin
so this would be an extremely expensive
also made my face extremely oily
there is nothing here for sensitive skin.
how this is marketed for sensitive when it's quite irritating
it is very potent
lightweight especially for the summer heat
the first is that it has a very strong perfume like smell
this is spot i rarely breakout
would recommend this for people with less reactive skin
which is more sensitive
i do like that it's very lightweight, though.
face became very itchy
this product would probably work best on someone with extremely oily skin
the spf in this product stings if it gets too close to my eye area--i know this is fairly common
unfortunately its a very poor product
very expensive for what it does
i also love the pump-tube, it's very convenient.
i consider my skin extremely oily
this was extremely harsh
even though this face cleanser can be use on sensitive skin
a bit of a rare miss for lancôme
it was a very thick product
instead it was a very thick
awful, and drying very costly as well.
not to mention the glow it leaves behind is extremely ugly
it is extremely illuminating
ingredients:ascorbyl palmitate is mildly comedogenic
ylene glycol is mildly comedogeniccetearyl alcohol is mildly comedogeniccetyl alcohol is mildly comedogenicdimethicone is mildly comedogenicglyceryl stearate is mildly comedogenichexylene glycol is mildly comedogenicisostearyl neopentanoate is highly comedogenicsorbitan stearate is mildly comedogenic
generally only in very specific spots
i still have breakouts .
it has a very strong unpleasant scent
for a reference i have very finicky skin
i would be careful with it if you have very bad acne prone skin
somewhat helped with acne spots
had to scrub super hard
after using this i got extremely red across my cheeks
i did however think my face was exceptionally clean
especially for the $62.00 price tag.
i say unnecessarily because there is no exfoliation factor
i don't have sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
i very much dislike the texture of this mask.
particularly for the price
this might be good for those with sensitive skin.
the texture is difficult to apply
very, very gentle product.
too expensive for minimal results!
for the hefty price tag i thought this would be a miracle moisturizer as i have extremely oily skin
is very heavily scented with essential oils like the other th products
the odor is very unusual to me.
more of a low light version of nars hot s
this has such a strong smell
the smell is too strong
while i don't have sensitive skin
considering taking back because of the extremely over powering smell
it felt very heavy
the consistency is super super sticky
at the $50 cad price range that makes it like $12 per mask which is quite steep
s are already sticky
the tube is not very large
so for those who want a more sensitive version of the black mask i would get this one
it was very difficult to peel off
i found it really difficult to peel off even with a heavy application
i found it very hard to apply
bad product and super expensive.
asked for a good cleansing gel for combination sensitive skin
too strong to use with any serums
my skin is extremely sensitive
do not use if you have sensitive skin!!!!
found this product to be super irritating
then left it extremely dehydrated
i don't have sensitive skin
it is way too expensive
the consistency is very thick
for reference i was extremely dry skin.
my skin felt very tight
it was beyond uncomfortable
unfortunately my skin is too sensitive for this product
the breaking out may be due to my semi-sensitive skin
peter's products aren't aimed towards people with sensitive skin
glad these were inexpensive.
though i was self conscious about that too
the product itself is very thin.
this product is very gentle
its extremely strong, almost overpowering.
it left an extremely greasy residue after taking it off
do some major damage to my sensitive skin
it was very difficult to spread a thin layer on my face
this packs quite a punch
t made my sensitive skin flare up
interchanging my products i am nearly positive that this product gives me some form of contact dermatitis or just isn't suitable for sensitive skin
my entire face is fairly sensitive
the pump which makes it very convenient to use
i started noticing my pores becoming increasingly more clogged
especially on my nose
nose which generally tend to be quite oily
its very light weight
it is extremely lightweight
i've a combination skin prone to breakouts.
my skin especially with super natural products is a hit or miss
it worked extremely well for my redness
usually sephora reviews are pretty reliable
this is a expensive product
also, it is too dark for fair skin.
"one tone fits for all skin tones" is quite an over statement
the color correction was very effective
too many harsh chemicals.
the flaws are kind of super important
i won't be recommending this to anyone who has issues with acne or sensitive skin
was so very greasy
too expensive to be ineffective
this product is very thick / heavy
the only plus is that it did not irritate my sensitive eyes
unfortunately there are also some ingredients that can cause issues for those of us with very dry or sensitive skin
provides a lot of product for a relatively low price
my skin got sensitive from this.
it is very thick
would not recommend to anyone that does not have extremely dry skin
the consistency is very thick
i found this to be too heavy
it is quite sticky
it is very thick
i wanted it to work my skin is so sensitive.
sensitive skin people give it a trial for a good week before buying
this product works fairly well to correct my red skin
especially on my nose
it was very obvious
a little bit of color correction made for sensitive skin
it was not very blendable
it is a very thick consistency.
it has a very strong fragrance.
could be a good product for someone with less reactive skin
the consistency is very thick
super annoying since i have relatively clear skin
my eyes are incredibly puffy
it was pretty sticky
quite messy to use and felt heavy.
among them: it was difficult to wash off
this one is very hard to turn to milk or oil
researched a lot before buying because the price is very expensive
i generally like caudalie products
the smell was still too disturbing for me
it was sod to me on a very high recommendation from a "skin expert" in the store
i found this to be very greasy , too.
not only was my skin extremely greasy
leaves your face extremely greasy
the cream was also very heavy
there is nothing lightweight about this.
it also has a very unpleasant scent.
i would not recommend it for sensitive skin.
not all products suit my sensitive skin
it's too much for delicate skin.
cheeks became extremely flaky
do not recommend for sensitive skin.
is not suitable for ultrasensitive skin like mine
if you are sensitive to scent
it's an expensive product as well
the product is very thick
but i was extremely oily all day.
it's very thick and hard to apply.
it is very thick
difficult to rub into the skin
it is hard to describe
it is very rich
not for extremely dry sensitive skin.
this is super super thick
my skin is very sensitive
the bar is more gentle though still has the strong smell
the packaging was super cute though.
a bad break out on my forehead which is extremely unusual for me
this product is too strong for my skin type
my skin started breaking out terribly
breakouts make that difficult
the process was not pleasant however
using a bar to wash with isn't the most ideal
especially my hard to remove eye makeup
i also found the oil extremely messy.
this is unusual for me most products don't make me breakout
which i have super clear skin
this product removed makeup very well.
although this is a "sensitive" skin product i felt that it disrupted my skin
this isn't uncommon for me when switching skin products
i certainly would not recommend to anyone with sensitive skin
even though the product is supposedly formatted for those with sensitive skin
both were so messy to use.
the product itself is really good for sensitive skin yet cleans well enough for my combo skin
this set is surprisingly harsh
considering it claims to be suited for sensitive skin
this cleansing set really catered to my sensitive skin
i must say i find this cream to be very sticky
i don't typically have sensitive skin
especially anything long lasting/waterproof
the smell is quite unappealing
uncomfortable on my skin
it also smells very strongly of honey
is great for sensitive skin
knew to use it very sparingly
it is also very light weight
i got a very sparse amount to try in my package
the scent was very light
seemed to be okay with sensitive skin
this product was not good for my sensitive skin around my eyes
granted 10 days isn't very long
especially for the price
it was also very expensive.
it is sensitive to breaks outs
the perfume is also extremely irritating because it's strong
the consistency is very light
this product isn't getting absorbed very well into the skin
quickly learned that is absurdly too much.
is quite sticky on skin
because of how heavily scented this product is
if your skin isn't sensitive though
my skin is notoriously dry
an obvious fragrance which is irritating to sensitive skin
i am 35 and i have sensitive, combination skin.
i really would not consider it to be the "super powerful" product that it claims to be
the cleanser was pretty cheap
the smell was also very much like perfume.
otherwise, the fragrance is quite strong.
as someone with incredibly sensitive skin that turns red if you so much as look at it too hard
was hesitant to try as i have extremely sensitive skin
my only issue is the fragrance is quite strong
my skin is sensitive
didn't control oil very well
the scent is very strong
26 dry/sensitive/acne prone
this moisturizer is very uncomfortable
typically don't have sensitive skin
it didn't affect my sensitive skin
this product is difficult to work into your skin
you would think its very natural
it seemed very watery/thin
it feels very lightweight
i rarely get breakouts
'm very familiar with hyaluronic acid
would not consider my skin to be very sensitive
sensitive skin all day
my face was horribly uneven
it is a very dark color
for very fair skin tones
i also think it made my skin feel more sensitive.
the product actually works very well
i wouldn't say i have super sensitive skin
let me start out by saying i have sensitive skin
i am not sensitive whatsoever
the spf is fairly high
difficult to use as directed
broke my skin out terribly
i do tend towards sensitivity
not only is it outrageously expensive for the amount you get
it was too heavy
sensitive for this kind of cream
it is extremely gummy
that too is a touch sticky
my skin is incredibly irritated
this is an extremely rich and heavy product.
in that sense it works well to deeply hydrate
this moisturizer is way too heavy
the moisturizer is very heavy
especially for the price
product has an extremely liquidy consistency
it's not a scent i particularly like
tend to only get very mild acne on my cheeks
made my skin too dry that makes it vulnerable to breakout
not good for my sensitive combination skin.
and breakouts for me are rare!
it is gentle on my sensitive
the product also has an unpleasant smell
using this alone isn't enough for those with very dry or very sensitive skin
leaves it more sensitive than before
i expected it to be more gentle on my skin
especially around my nose
rinses off clean- except the essential oils in it are very very strong
fairly bad fine lines
this is an ideal essential oil for that issue
very very oily for me.
i'll start with this- if you have sensitive eyes
be careful with it around your eyes if you're sensitive
the negatives are that it doesn't have a very hygienic delivery system
my eyes aren't particularly sensitive
particularly on my nose
might work for most
this isn't too intense
i could see if being too much for those sensitive to strong fragrance
they tend to be too drying for my sensitive skin.
i found the formula to be very oily
since i have very oily
my oils were very much controlled
it would be good for overly oily skin tho
plus sensitive skin type
was extremely excited to try it because my skin gets very oily throughout the day
i feel it would be ideal for very oily skin types
this is a very light moisturizer suitable for very oily skin
i do highly recommend the balance cleanser from ole
i wouldn't recommend if you have sensitive skin.
for such an expensive product
i usually have dry skin so this is extremely strange to me
i thoroughly enjoyed that this lotion was very light
this agreed better with my combination sensitive skin
at the very least
my eyes are usually not sensitive to products either
it was very messy
i found this to be very thick
it is very sheer
for me it is too finicky
it's difficult to blend in
the product is lacking hugely
not even after five minutes my face became extremely greasy
it was way too harsh for my sensitive skin.
my face is very very itchy
this is ok: it doesn't irritate my sensitive skin
didn't irritate my slightly sensitive
very lightweight eye cream
particularly their glycolic mask which is the only thing i truly love from this line
didn't irritate my slightly sensitive
it is very expensive
it made my skin break out terribly
maybe it will be more useful for those of you who re prone to extremely dry skin?i did really like applying it on my lips especially after exfoliating
the price tag is high for a concoction of fairly affordable oils
i wouldn't recommend this if you have sensitive skin
makes application very easy
the description is already somewhat vague.
but on an up note it made my skin incredibly soft
i learned a very valuable lesson after trying this one
too expensive for the disappointing results.
it is very sticky.
now i do not have sensitive skin
not very light the two stars are for the scent
i am surprised that so many people rated it as a gentle cleansing balm
also with many breakouts
this one however is very different
it is incredibly light
great for sensitive skin
my face felt itchy most of the day as well.
it is so heavily fragranced that both timesi used it
the fact that it will not absorb is extremely disappointing
foaming action is very poor also
my only issue with it is that it is extremely fragranced
with my dry sensitive skin i prefer less ingredients
if you are sensitive to fragrances
it is highly perfumed
it is not good for combination or sensitive skin
not good for acne-prone or sensitive
i found the rubber to be incredibly delicate
however it has a very thick texture
it also made the mask super slippery
my skin is naturally very very oily.
it also was very red
my dark circles were still pretty prominent.
it's also pretty expensive for a one time use mask
my skin tends to be on the sensitive side
watch out if you have sensitive skin or dermatitis
it was so heavy
since my skin isn't sensitive
i've generally got great skin
my skin is extremely sensitive combination skin.
my skin are getting more breakouts
furthermore the fragrance may irritate sensitive skin
generally use a water cream due to my skins combination nature
it stings my sensitive skin on initial contact
like the description even says will make it work extremely well
made me extremely greasy
not great if you have sensitive skin.
my foundation went on extremely patchy especially around my nose where i have larger pores
my face also felt extremely tight after a while.
it didn't irritate my sensitive skin
my eyes were too sensitive for this product
the texture is very lightweight almost water like
most of the other products are pretty good
it's extremely overpriced for only being hydrated
it's a very basic experience
didn't irritate my sensitive skin or make it feel tight
my skin is fairly sensitive to cleansers
also the cap is a bit challenging to use.
it is very foamy
really uncomfortable after cleansing
it left my skin feeling insanely tight
i would not recommend this to people with sensitive skin at all
stung my eyes terribly
the packaging on this product is really poorly designed
issue i had is that the cleanser runs out very very quickly
the bar itself is very hard to clean especially when inside the jar
i would be careful if you have sensitive skin
still enough to peel most
it was very difficult to peel
it's not that great for sensitive skin
cons: it felt very sticky
ironic since this is supposed to work on sensitive skin
the parts that lost me were how incredibly gritty the mask is
i generally have a very smooth forehead
which isn't very typical for me
which is also atypical as my nose is very oily
my face was left very smooth.
i feel my skin is too sensitive for it
it shrinks incredibly fast i've only use it twice
the cleanser is fairly basic.
this cleanser is extremely disappointing.
seems to deposit very little cleanser
this is super innovative
i don't normally have sensitive skin
too expensive for a basic cream.
which is extremely disappointing
i found it incredibly tacky
i don't usually get breakouts unless something irritates my skin because it's fairly sensitive
extremely wet to apply, must use minimal amount.
my skin has never been sensitive
my entire face was sensitive to touch
however after using for a week it's extremely drying
it's disappointingly small for the price
i found the sephora one most effective
this product is far too expensive for such poor results
that can be sensitive at times
it sounded like it would be lightweight
especially for how affordable it is
my face got incredibly itchy
my skin is only moderately sensitive.
i do not recommend if you have sensitive skin.
it also felt pretty sticky on the skin
it felt incredibly smooth
i don't typically have sensitive skin
for anyone that is sensitive to fragrances at all
the cream is very lightweight
i dont particularly have sensitive skin
it does have a strong perfume-like scent in case you're sensitive to that
my only complaint is that it is very sticky once you have applied it
the gel is heavy and exceptionally sticky.
the instructor highly recommended it
at the very least
non-sensitive skin more radiant
was nervous due to having sensitive skin
i love most tatcha products
too light while medium is too dark
the coverage of this is also very minimal.
made it somewhat more firm
the trial size packaging was a little tricky
very mild, kind of like rose water.
i highly doubt i'd be able to use it if my skin were any oilier
i found that my skin was incredibly oily throughout the day
also worth mentioning it's heavily fragranced
made my face more prone to breakouts
it is very oily
it's a very thin consistency
especially more stubborn makeup
especially for people that have sensitive skin
its very very light
the difference was extremely obvious
sometimes to an extreme length because of the menthol
the product is very smooth
very seldom a bad breakout
because of that i make sure to use only a very thin layer
just watch out if you have sensitive skin!
i see results but nothing insanely dramatic.
if your skin isn't as sensitive as mine it should work great
i tried this moisturizer thinking it'd be suitable for my combination sensitive skin prone to redness
this was just too rich for my skin
the perfume in this is just no good for sensitive skin
it sunk in very quickly
those two components can be very irritating
especially for those with sensitive
which is odd since i have very oily skin.
i don't think i have particularly sensitive skin
it's pretty consistently problematic for me
from the reviews it seems to work well for acne prone skin
overall it becomes very greasy
it is not lightweight
would definitely not recommend for someone with sensitive
very sensitive skin that will not allow any *useful* amounts of retin a
my skin felt very tight within 30 minutes of application
this is extremely watery feeling
it also has a pretty sticky
i would definitely not recommend it for sensitive skin
especially on sensitive skin
as it was highly recommended by staff
this product felt very sticky when applying to my skin
i find this to be misleading especially since this is not an inexpensive product
i do not have sensitive skin
this is being generous
plus i have semi sensitive skin
the sticky residue is very annoying
generally makes my skin look
so not made for sensitive skin !
it leaves your skin extremely oily at the end of the day
it has highly comedogenic ingredients which i discovered 2 months after using this
when they are highly comedogenic it's most likely going to be a problem for anyone who experiences acne
if you are very acne prone
breakout prone somewhat sensitive skin ended up with many more bumps after using for about a week
the cream is quite effective for that.
generally i dislike most of my moisturizers.
i don't have very sensitive skin
my skin is problematic although constantly complimented on
irritating my sensitive skin
it was very greasy.
it did not irritate my sensitive skin
this cream is very expensive for no results.
this is so very thick.
my sensitive skin has not reacted badly to it
it is very expensive
my skin is not extremely dry
i also found it incredibly hard to remove.
i've never been this sensitive to a product before
stay away from this product if you have sensitive
this stuff came highly recommended to me
my skin appears to be a bit more sensitive after using it for 2 weeks
doesn't react badly with my sometimes sensitive skin
my nose is not that sensitive
the smell is very strong
say i didn't get the opportunity to test the moisturizer's efficacy because the smell is incredibly intolerable
which makes it a bit tricky to distri
it was ok for my sensitive skin
i found that it had a strong chemical smell which made it very unpleasant to use
it was very thick
there have been less than desirable changes in some of the other products too
it's an extremely thick cream so a little goes a long way
as it is a tad pricey
this proved to be neither
while my skin isn't exceptionally dry
it is very weak
however, it was very irritating to my skin.
my skin is somewhat sensitive
my extremely dry skin wants much more
the product smells bad and is very irritative.
i can find more economical lightweight
i really really have a sensitive skin
i would recommend this product for a non- sensitive skin
it's incredibly pore clogging to the ones with sensitive skin
anyone sensitive to fragrance should stay away .
my skin might be too sensitive for this product.
this felt very similar
this cream is ok for my sensitive skin.
however i think it is too rich
ingredients just aren't strong enough to be effective for my skin needs
i got patchy and terribly blotchy.
this would be better for sensitive skin.
some people said that for some it may be too harsh on the delicate eye area
oddly enough my other fine lines were unaffected
this is a very lightweight eye cream
my friends highly recommended it to me.
not working very well
especially the cute packaging
the sales lady also spoke higly of it
be cautious if you have sensitive skin
honestly makes me extremely hesitant to use the other products after this
my skin is normal/somewhat sensitive with minimal aging/wrinkles for my age of 41
might have been an allergic reaction too
they seem way too rich and thick.
i normally use this product
after experiencing sensitive or reactive skin lately with many other pretty expensive goods
i generally love the smell of caudalie products
this product is very light and gentle .
it looks very gentle
this one is gentle as it advertised.
which is not great for sensitive skin
a sephora consultant recommended this to me because i have moderate acne
wouldn't call that "sensitive
doesn't aggravate my sensitive skin in the least
a fail-safe for my sensitive
this is the most expensive cleanser i've purchased
it was the only thing i could use for my sensitive
add to that an extremely unpleasant odor.
it is extremely greasy/oily
also the product was very oily.
it was okay on the eye area since it is very gentle
i find my face is very slick
i did filter for a gentle cleanser because i have sensitive skin
it is very gentle
its not very effective at removing makeup very well
it left skin extremely try.
my skin is about as finicky as it can get
especially for the price
my skin was so so tight
although not acne-prone
this boscia cleanser must work wonderfully for many people
e my experience in case someone else's skin reacts similarly
i don't have particularly sensitive skin
this is meant for people with extremely oily skin
not for people with sensitive
i would not recommend for sensitive
sensitive skin with persistent acne
just seems like it was a poorly made applicator
boscia's products are all very gentle on the skin
am extremely acne prone
difficult to use or messy
for its delicateness on sensitive skin
it did not seem very effective on my blemish
it was very gentle
also one of the most ineffective
i genetically have dark circles around my eyes unfortunately
that have worked insanely well for me
the bottle is very inconvenient
my dark circles are genetic (as most are).
i also don't think it is great for sensitive eyes which is odd because i was assuming this was a more natural br
i found no skin irritation on my very sensitive skin
it was too rich for my skin in the day.
i would highly recommend this product to anyone with dry skin
this is one of those rare products that i hated.
i like that it removes mascara relatively well
my skin is generally normal
the smell is extremely strong
left it feeling very tight
this cleanser is safe for sensitive skin
my skin is super sensitive
especially for the price
the smell was not very appealing
the smell of this is quite unpleasant
my skin isn't even that sensitive.
(horrifying especially with it being summer).
are so easy to use
my skin is very sensitive
consultant recommended this product as i have sensitive skin
my skin is very sensitive
this may work for someone with less sensitive skin
all that happened was it made my skin extremely
more so than other sensitive skin cleansers
my skin had been doing fairly well
gentle cleanser is great for sensitive skin like mine
is very reasonably priced
bring very oily -- which
i don't have very large pores
the product was expensive
my skin isn't sensitive
always been somewhat of a pore sqeezer
especially for the cost of it
my skin became very irritated.
feels light despite being such a thick product
it is very pricey and i saw no results.
this product came highly recommended
are something i'm very self conscious about
the stuff is ridiculously priced
for something that is supposed to help with sensitive skin
it is pretty expensive and i hate the packaging.
this is one really expensive moisturizer
i tend to get circles often
was too powerful for my dry sensitive eyes
being very similar to the mask
it is also very messy.
its very time consuming to apply
this was overly expensive for what it is
however, it is very messy.
it is very messy to use.
it's good for sensitive skin
more oily than sensitive
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
clarins cleansing milk has worked extremely well for me
it is a little bit harsh for my extremely sensitive skin
it is easy to use.
it is good for my sensitive skin
i found this to be extremely greasy
just very sticky afterwards.
only for about 2 hours until i got extremely greasy
wouldn't really recommend for combo sensitive skin
this makes me extremely oily
this is very sticky.
very strong scent, you get used to it though.
i would not recommend it for those with sensitive skin
this is different than hyper-pigmentation
felt this product very mildly helped
that this is a pretty reputable br
which also made makeup application a little uncomfortable
my skin has never been sensitive
this product like most caudalie products is really gentle
though it is a really gentle
the price tag way too high
can get very oily as a result
my eyes aren't unduly sensitive
i typically love clarins products
i found it too harsh
it is extremely gentle.
especially for the price
the product works very well
doesn't irritate my hyper-sensitive skin at all
this gel is very lightweight
the gel is also pretty expensive
feels very light on my skin
this is for mature skin only
definitely not recommended for dry or sensitive skin
it seemed quite heavy
dior have for more mature skin
it is also very brightening
also be very careful around the eyes
also very very dry
it's very very strong
this face wash is very effective
be warned it is very strong
with it becoming very oily in the summer
i think this cleanser would be very effective for someone with acne or severe skin problems
it's fairly pricey for a product that
i believe it was too strong for my sensitive
i believe my skin is too sensitive for this product because my skin broke out
just not for my sensitive
i like the product it works very well
it dispenses very little
i don't have sensitive skin
careful with this one
my skin isn't even that sensitive
specially since its so expensive
it just made my skin extremely bad
this cream is quite heavy
it made my face incredibly shiny
it also felt very heavy
this is a very heavy cream
or extremely large pores
this product it very heavy for acne prone skin.
especially on my nose
i get overheated very easily
- natural: korres used very little artificial
good news for sensitive skin
felt it was not as effective
it is somewhat cooling
i must have sensitive skin.
as the name suggests it does seem very rich as the cream is super thick
so sensitive skin need not try
it is very rich
rate it more fairly
this product is incredibly heavy
the lady was very helpful
i generally like murad products
it was very greasy
this moisturizer is way too heavy
it was incredibly greasy even an hour after application
i even was very conservative with application
it was still terribly greasy
this product caused my skin to be extremely flakey
especially in the summer
it was very thick cause of the spf.
very sensitive -- alternately very congestion
especially around the mouth
it left my skin feeling extremely greasy
the scent is not very appealing
which causes my sensitive skin to break out
finding a moisturizer with spf that works for me is difficult
particularly to products containing any kind of sunblock
it becomes very greasy over several hours if applied to oil skin
i like that it has high spf
it was difficult to wash off
my skin is sensitive
even though it is described as having no fragrance
i wouldn't say that i have sensitive skin
my sensitive skin was not irritated
this product has ended up being a very expensive h
much to flaky and difficult to apply.
it has a very specific scent
this is actually very light
it is very gentle
had to return - too harsh on sensitive skin.
this came highly recommended from sephora.
goes on very lightly
the skin around my eyes is very thin
irritating on the delicate eye area
i didn't find this product very effective on dark circles
i am very disaappointed in how quickly the product is being used
my skin is just too sensitive
it made the sensitive skin under my eyes burn
either an allergic reaction or may be my sensitive skin
because other murad products are reasonably priced
the smell is very strong
it wasn't excessively strong
i still highly recommend the walnut scrub
the best part is the smell which is incredibly soothing an relaxing
after having it so highly recommended by others on beautytalk
so fellow sensitive skin mask lovers
would not recommend it to anyone with sensitive
it did work well as far as having sensitive skin.
i don't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin
this stuff is probably best for less sensitive skin
however, it is very so-so.
it is very calming
however unlike most enzyme masks
not for very long
it was kind of confusing.
i do sometimes have sensitive skin
my problem is i have very sensitive skin
very difficult to apply to my eyes
my skin is usually pretty tolerable of new products
this particular product comes in an awfully small container for the price
like most of his products
nearly all i have tried seems harsh on my sensitive skin
my eyes are not usually sensitive at all to cosmetics or creams
the consistency is very liquid-like
as someone with extremely sensitive skin i'm glad that this doesn't break me out
felt extremely sticky on my face
felt that it was beneficial for most of my face
something better for my sensitive/normal skin
i don't have sensitive skin
this winter was extremely bad for me
after an hour of application my skin becomes extremely dry
it is very sticky
recently my skin has been extremely dry
it is very blotchy
it absorbed surprisingly well considering its texture
it kind of remains slippery
not particularly useful for the eyes
this cream is good for sensitive skin
it moisturizes fairly well
usually found in low-end br
it feels super sticky and hard to apply.
i don't find that it absorbs very quickly
my skin is incredibly sensitive
it gets gross pretty fast
was not as intense
especially on the nose
normally i love all clinique products
i do not have sensitive skin
great for sensitive skin
it didn't work out so well because his skin is actually very sensitive
good for sensitive skin.
the rinse off was extremely disappointing.
found it was extremely drying
definitely not for my sensitive skin!
might not be good for sensitive skin wiping it so many times can cause the face to be red
the texture is very thin
especially considering it is gel
it goes on very smooth
it is very inconvenient
i usually like to switch out my moisturizer to something more lightweight
that maybe this would work for someone with extremely oily skin
it applies very lightweight
i enjoyed how lightweight the product is
it also feels very heavy and sticky on my skin.
or if the product has an extremely short shelf life?
the contents of this mask are relatively simple.
anything too strongly rose scented i hate.
not sensitive oily skin
it was so unappealing
was very gentle on my acne prone skin
it made my skin sensitive to other products.
very rich, too much for me!
even though i usually do not have very sensitive skin myself
i love that it has a high spf
is ok for a "very mild-acne prone skin"
my skin is not usually sensitive
leaves a very smooth film on my face
the process is irritating for the skin
this cleanser does remove face product very well
is difficult to wash off at all
i found this wildly disappointing
it also wasn't very effective in taking off my waterproof eyeliner
this is not for sensitive skin!
sensitive skin was needing at the end of the day
which tends to be the case with most products
it was extremely drying to my eyes
also, very expensive for the average quality.
including being one of the very rare options with spf
my eyes are super sensitive.
i like that it is lightweight
(i've always had sensitive eyes.)
it caused major breakouts that were very difficult to get under control
i got this cleanser because the reviews said it was great for sensitive skin
it is very very mild which i appreciate.
it does clean very well considering it's so mild
though thankfully not tight like some reviewers have experienced
which does not clean my skin deeply.
my skin type is extremely sensitive
this was highly recommended by the sephora staff who said this was great for my ultra sensitive skin
not good for super sensitive skin
this cleanser is very gentle
may be suitable for someone who does not wear make up or who has extremely sensitive skin
i think is more suitable for oil skin
i normally don't have sensitive skin
how unbelievably gentle it felt on my skin
don't buy this if you have sensitive skin
after the wash it feels very tight
it becomes very foamy
it is very lightweight
which also means it's not very gentle
it cleansed it fairly well
i tried this cleanser because it said it was good for sensitive/ combo skin
i generally like clinique
while being just as gentle
especially for more sensitive skin
however it smells very strongly of citrus cleaning products making it extremely unpleasant to apply
it made it sensitive if that makes any sense
i find it to be extremely overpriced at $94
it's great for my sensitive skin
which is reasonably priced
it is ridiculously expensive
this is a very basic moisturizer with very basic ingredients
yet it irritated my very sensitive skin due to its heavily scented fragrance- per my dermatologist
if you are not prone to breakouts
this moisturizer was very lightweight-
for reference i have sensitive
highly acne prone skin
my skin is sensitive
though it may be gentle
especially during the summer
i like most korres products
i found it to be very sticky
it also has a very strong smell that lasts all day
i found it to be quite irritating
my skin still has very dark under eye circles
the formula is very nice & lightweight.
it made my face extremely oily after
the scent was too strong
i find it very hard to absorb
this product was very thick and heavy.
the scent is too intense
i think the spf is too high for my sensitive skin
it makes my face extremely oily
although the product says it is suitable for sensitive skin
it was irritating around my nose especially
for someone with oily skin this might work very well
this item is also very pricy.
i also find my skin too sensitive for the product it always turns red
it was very expensive to have it not work
especially for the low percentage of salicylic acid
it is not very effective for preventing hormonal breakouts
i love how this product is very gentle
this product is very gentle
its a very gentle product
i like that due to my sensitive skin.
this is made for mature skin
the lancome rep spoke so highly of this product
this is an extremely heavy cream
it's pretty heavily fragranced too.
it is perfect for finicky sensitive skin
it also burns my eyes terribly!
holy cow it is difficult to get off
stings the skin, especially the eye area.
and is difficult to completely wash off.
i do not have sensitive eyes
my eyes are not sensitive at all
this product is so gentle
it is very effective at removing makeup when tissuing off however
overall is not very effective
forth fairly vigorously to get anything off
though this product is indeed very gentle
i love most clinique products
was very dissaoointed in this cleanser
it also had a very strong perfume scent to it
was extremely difficult to get out of the bottle
the smell is too strong as well, too perfumey.
has a fairly heavy perfumey smell which i personally hate
it is a pretty heavy cream
it was the only moisturizer that she used because it was so rich
sensitive to fragrance i would suggest another cream
especially for my age
would probably be great if you have extremely dry skin
i can be prone to breakouts
this product may be a very good moisturizer
should be good for extremely dry skin
makes it difficult to use the cream
it is a very thick formula
as i have extremely sensitive skin
i found it to be excessively oily.
my eyes would become very irritated
had extremely oily skin
i think it's suitable for someone who has extremely dry skin
sensitive skin where i applied the cream
this is a very expensive eye cream that uses very basic
i found all of these too heavy for my eye area
it was very troubling
the more sensitive of us would do well to avoid this particular formula
it must be highly fragranced.
this is not the most hygienic way to dispense product especially for the eye area
my eye are is extremely soft
super greasy and thick, very very hard to spread.
you can find so many other equally hydrating cremes for a much more reasonable price
irritated my sensitive skin
it actually has a very heavy scent
sometimes they aren't very wet
i don't known why this have such a high review about mattifying
for the simple fact that i have a drug store moisturizer that works very well
fragrance too irritating for sensitive/combination skin
has a fairly light scent
this is still highly recommended as it truly does help with cutting out the shine
i wanted to love it as this came highly recommended to me
it doesn't break my overly sensitive skin out
if you are not the type with extremely oily skin
it was quite embarrassing with a very shiny face as such
and i feel too rich for my combination skin.
it was very thick
it was very unconformable after 10 mins of applying it
works for my sensitive skin
was too heavy for my skin/ mid 20s combination
too heavy for me
purchased it since many of the reviewers said it's lightweight
for my combination skin it still feels heavy
i don't have sensitive skin
it is a very rich cream
not clean deeply which is what i need
it is very annoyingly sensitive
for me it immediately broke me out is small bumps which a lot of products do because i have sensitive skin
the consistency is very fluid
to the point that it is annoyingly sensitive
it does not absorb very well.
it's not very user friendly
its spf too low
it's not very user friendly.
also the smell is unpleasant and very chemically.
the product was difficult to get out of the bottle
as someone with combination skin who often deals with acne
their moisturizer is somewhat sticky
this product is too rich for me.
i do not recommend this for my extremely dry
the cream is very sticky
surprisingly not greasyi've been using it as a night cream for 3 months
as contradictory as it sounds
it also made the skin around my eyes more sensitive
they use mild ingredients because their products are specially designed for sensitive skin
i love clinique because it's great for my sensitive skin
it's also very expensive for all small it is.
i am generous with the amount i use as well yet i still have issues with flakey skin around my eyes
it was very thick
it is somewhat greasy
other similarly priced products hurt my eyes
it's not wildly effective
would stongly not recommend as is too expensive for such a mediocre product
it could very well be a hand soap.
the product is expensive sothe bottle needs to be less flimsy
it runs out very fast
have fairly sensitive skin
it is not deeply cleanse, though.
i think ren products are too gentle to the point of ineffective
my skin's gotten very bumpy
my skin is super-sensitive
this stuff may be okay for your sensitive skin
it rinses fairly easily
if you don't have sensitive/reactive skin
this product irritated my skin quite a bit
sephora consultant recommended this to me because i have fair redness prone skin
can actually cause sensitive skin to turn red
i wear very minimal makeup
maybe good for very sensitive skin
i love the ten cleansing balm so assumed this would be equally effective
this product is definitely wrong for my skin since i'm not sensitive-skinned at all
i would like to first say that i have super sensitive skin
it is also sensitive
like most products for me
at least my face is isn't overly dry
this is very gentle
it think it may be a bit too sensitive
this helped calm my sensitive skin
i can only guess this product is insufficiently moisturizing at higher altitudes or it truly stinks because using it has caused my skin to turn into s
but i wouldn't recommend it for sensitive eyes.
i told her i have very sensitive eyes
the product is so so stingy on my eyes
it is very light
i can be prone to circles
my eyes are very sensitive to eye creams
bottle pump functionality is very poor
especially with my ultra sensitive skin
it is very light and non greasy.
i liked how it was not overly oily
especially with the cost of $55
i would recommend this especially because frankincense is the king essential oil
especially for the price
bhs has been such a complex on my self-esteem in my teens
all of the oils that do a good job of softening your skin made my sensitive skin break out
extremely difficult to get the product out
good product for sensitive skin.
most interesting clay masks i've used
which my sensitive skin did not like at all
the mask is very gentle
t works great for sensitive skin
i tend to have congested skin
i don't feel like it was super powerful
which is such an annoying waste
delivers very little product
the tube was so easy to use and convenient.
it's unsafe, slippery and hard to use.
the bottle is quite heavy
a less costly cleanser should do
the smell is also not desirable.
people that have oil/sensitive skin
this product made my skin sensitive
i informed her of my sensitive skin.
this product was too harsh on my skin
still have sensitive skin
do not buy this product if you have sensitive skin
almost always have breakouts
found it to work very well
its been so stressful knowing its very visible
one of the vendors at sephora also highly recommended the combo of the cleanser
do not buy if you have very sensitive skin
it is a very harsh product
do not recommend it for sensitive skin
i specifically told her that i have very sensitive skin
also, feels kind of sticky.
it only had a very limited result
found that to be even more effective against acne
particularly given how expensive the product is
it get one star because it is very expensive for the small tube
it seems to be too gentle.
i am always inclined to think highly of philosophy products
i think this product also has the potential to make acne worse if the exfoliation is not-so-mild for sensitive skin
has very fine grains
this product is very well rated
this product is not for sensitive skin.
acne prone sensitive skin
instead, it makes my face extremely itchy.
would not recommend for sensitive skin types.
i like that it is not heavily fragranced
i suspect that is because my skin is very sensitive
made for sensitive skin
mainly if it's sensitive like mine
i suspect that is because my skin is very sensitive
made for sensitive skin
mainly if it's sensitive like mine
this cream is very heavy
it was apparently too strong for me or i'm allergic to something in it which is common for me
not as powerful as it thinks it is.
it is also heavily scented.
my sensitive skin doesn't react to it which is a plus
dull very quickly after application
as a mattifier, it was thoroughly ineffective.
i would not recommend it for sensitive skin or at least for me some ingredient in it reacted badly with my skin
my sensitive skin turns red
too expensive for the amount
it is probably not ideal for sensitive skin
however can probably find equally effective product for less $
or at least a disturbingly deceptive packaging
my skin has always reacted well to clinique products
found it to be extremely drying after two weeks of use
my face also felt extremely dry
the skin on my face is very sensitive
i would only recommend this for very mild white heads
not really too dependable for me in an "emergency"
one of the most commonly used ingredients to treat acne
that works similarly well on acne
i would not recommend this for people with naturally dry skin or for people with sensitive skin
i already have very oily skin
it works very well on some zits
this product is too strong
normally i have loved everything that clinique has produced
which is hard to do considering my skin is medium brown
to stop having breakouts with hyper pigmentation
it could be because i have extremely sensitive skin
my skin gets more sensitive while using it
it had zero effect change was highly disappointing
i am so self conscious about it
much less for those who have sensitive skin
who have sensitive skin is for sure a no no
especially since i was using this with the murad acne spot treatment
the effect of this product is overly hyped.
these pads are super convenient
not good for my sensitive skin
i normally don't have sensitive skin
especially for the price
expensive and not a quick miracle worker.
very hard to blend also.
i am always very careful
it is extremely overpriced
maybe if you have mild acne and sensitive skin?
and it is so incredibly drying.
this is a very light cleanser
this one is definitely not meant for sensitive or acne prone skin
very expensive at $32 for no real results.
my skin was oversensitive
the formulation is needlessly harsh
it was not an allergic reaction
what i can say is that this face wash was very gentle
the packaging is very convenient
it is too ineffective for the price
this product is very gentle
i wanted to clear the persistent low-level acne i always seem to have without resorting to bleaching
an associate highly recommended this boscia product
it seemed so gentle it wasn't effective :
a little too gentle to address my skin condition
it is a very gentle
i don't recommend for people who are sensitive to heavy smells
i think this is great for anyone with sensitive skin because it is extremely calming to redness
i wouldn't recommend this for sensitive skin.
i find it quite harsh
normally i like clinique's products
pretty 'normal' with no breakouts or sensitivity issues
combination skin that is also sensitive
is great if you indeed have sensitive skin
they should have just labled it "for sensitive skin" then
the pros- very gentle
it is very gentle though.
my skin is very red with the characteristic bumps one finds in clinical cases
the cream is very rich
very disappointing-i usually love clinique.
can make the skin quite irritated
the other is olay basic cleanser for sensitive skin
i can't imagine using this product without having extremely sensitive/red skin because it is so greasy
i wear very light
as i found it very greasy
my skin is super sensitive
this is not for sensitive acne prone skin.
bc it's made for very sensitive
my skin is very sensitive
feels very sticky when it goes on
not only this cream has very strong scent
i feel like this would be the perfect mask for someone with very sensitive skin
this mask is very strong.
the designer isn't very friendly for convenience.
it's application is tricky
made for clumsy mixing
most beauty products are not 99
it sometimes felt a little harsh/sting on my sensitive skin
low for a somewhat reasonably priced vit c serum
it was very cumbersome to have to use the tiny scoop
a half scoops i find that is too much for my sensitive skin
which makes mixing all the more difficult
she recommended this one because it was "clinically proven"
snake oil in a pretty package.
i generally really like shiseido products
the store associate was very helpful
it was not attractive at all
this product is very expensive
wouldn't recommend it for someone with sensitive skin
i will say it is lightweight
became irritating to the skin
i usually do well with clinique products for my sensitive skin
it has a very similar non greasy texture
i would not recommend for people with sensitive skin
the scent was too strong
however it does feel lightweight
2- doesnt provide a deeply moisturizer for dry skin
the smell is overwhelmingly strong
don't take this if you have sensitive skin.
it's also very slightly tacky after applying.
i've never considered myself the type with sensitive skin
i generally have combination skin.
the mask is very sticky
i am not particularly sensitive to smells
i generally like rose scents quite a bit
particularly while eating my breakfast
it has a very strong clinical
i don't usually have sensitivity to skin products
i am usually pretty indifferent towards product with fragrances
im 38 and have fairly normal skin.
this isn't suited for my age/skin
kind to my sensitive skin
in addition, it made my face itchy and sensitive.
seemed to provide a very smooth base for makeup application
this is very expensive
my skin felt extremely tight
it has a very strong
the texture is too oily to really be a useful under eye moisturizer
sensitive skn around my eyes
this product is too expensive
i am going to try to exchange it for something less invasive
perricone md products are quite expensive
although i have very sensitive skin
given the extremely high price
after a few days the skin under my eyes became extremely irritated
this one was too strong
well i actually had allergic reaction to it
very expensive and have not seen any difference.
it's ridiculously expensive too.
my eyes are very sensitive.
it's probably best for combination skin or sensitive skin
maybe i just have sensitive skin?
removes makeup very well
it is a very good cleanser for people without acne prone skin
doesn't smell particularly amazing
was very carful about applying it
i've always had very clear smooth skin
too expensive to keep otherwise
the most frustrating part
i don't find it to be very cleansing.
the cleanser was too harsh
very drying my skin felt extremely tight after using tried it for a few days
this product can be extremely drying
my skin is just too sensitive.
errors like this can be dangerous.
but not so much with my sensitive skin.
i don't like fragrance in my skin care as im very sensitive
very curious to how it's one of sephoras top rated products
this cleanser is very strong
more effective for less
this product was suggested for me due to having sensitive skin
while technically it did provide ultra moisture
a sephora rep recommended this product for me as i have extremely dry
my skin is dry as well as sensitive
it was great for my sensitive skin
i told the staff i have sensitive skin
the scent is way too strong
it is a very heavy moisturizer
too heavy for me.
i would not consider it sensitive
it felt way too rich
my skin isn't really sensitive
generally day cream should really have spf
would highly recommend going to the store
product is very rich
the skin care saleswoman at sephora was extremely helpful
i wanted a natural product for sensitive skin
especially for the high price point
heavy for my sensitive skin
it was very thin
it is very greasy
very greasy to start with
certainly not for oily or combination /sensitive skin
it is also so heavy for my skin
especially because of the price
which is not what most moisturizers do
perhaps if you have extremely parched
besides being so expensive
the cream was not irritating to my sensitive skin that's prone to breakouts
i admittedly have very sensitive skin
i would like to add that this product was very sticky
for the $90 price tag i have way to many masks that work sufficiently enough
especially given the price
lush masks that are actually effective
especially for the price
smells nice don't know if results are overly dramatic though
i don't have sensitive skin
particularly if you have sensitive skin
is too harsh for my sensitive skin
it wasn't very enjoyable being so careful using it every time
is not too harsh on the skin
it made my skin really sensitive the first few times
it was so highly recommended
i am somewhat sensitive to smells
this cleanser is not good for sensitive skin.
too harsh on my skin
i wouldn't recommend this for people who have sensitive skin
-not a good cleanser for sensitive
my skin is very sensitive
personally i think it has too a strong of a fragrance for a facial product
because i have sensitive skin
for such an expensive product
the price tag on this product is extremely steep for offering nothing special
it has a very lightweight
making it a good choice for sensitive skin types as well
it made my skin very tight
leaving my skin feeling extremely tight
i will admit that my skin is extremely dry.
i would not recommend it for extremely dry skin.
i highly doubt sephora can do anything about this
even though this is very lightweight
i think this is suited for a more mature skin type
it also dries ridiculously quick
although it's already fairly soft
it's expensive for such a small bottle
$65 every month is pretty steep
also, my face is pretty sensitive.
this one was reccomended to me due to how lightweight it is
because it was very lightweight
this moisturize is very light weighty
the older formula never gave my sensitive skin problems
the new formula is not for sensitive skin
that is also sensitive to harsh chemicals
has a reputation for being skin friendly
it doesn't claim to be suitable for sensitive skin
not great for sensitive skin types.
this is ideal in the morning because it moisturizes intensely
also very sticky consistency and too thick.
i don't generally buy expensive face washes
it was too expensive
as they're usually high-quality
good for sensitive skin
the product is also very heavy
i guess my skin is too sensitive
this product was not condusive for my sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
be very sensitive with other moisturizers
the skin under my eyes seems more resilient
it's also pretty expensive
being that i have very oily skin
i found this product to be very difficult to apply due to it's thick
it is very thick
it is not lightweight.
it's also very thick
my skin is picky
very expensive for the amount of product.
especially in the summer
if you are very oily
very hard to spread on my face.
my problem areas were still very oily
this cleanser is okay- i have sensitive
my face was very tight after
not very prone to breakouts
since i have sensitive skin this one is still a pretty good pick
first off i have sensitive and very dry skin.
this product irritated my mildly sensitive skin
the smell is very powerful
i don't think it is for mature skin
if you are acne prone at all, be careful.
it is very thick
am very interested in finding good anti-wrinkle creams
in completely imprecise amounts
it's also a very thin formula
i never thought i had sensitive skin before
my surrounding skin extra sensitive
especially for the price
i don't have sensitive skin
my sensitive skin is even more sensitive
this product is not good for sensitive skin
i am still dealing with tight
i would say it would not be recommended for sensitive skin
my skin is sensitive
spoke to a very knowledgeable sales rep
would be an understatement
or even think you might have sensitive skin
i never thought my skin was particularly sensitive
other than breaking my sensitive face out
i normally dont consider myself as having sensitive skin
i reacted very poorly to this product
this was recommended for my sensitive dehydrated skin
i broke out very badly which is very unusual for my skin
i am very sure that this product is suitable for someone with a different skin type
sensitive skin be aware that it is highly fragranced
i don't have sensitive skin either so for this to be a daily moisturizer i expected it to be more gentle
although it was expensive
would not recommend this if you have sensitive skin
i don't feel it is great for sensitive skin
asked for a moisturizer for sensitive
this cream turned out to be a very expensive skin irritant
i experienced quite a few breakouts while using it
i found this to be an extremely basic moisturizer that is incredibly over-packaged
i guess with my sensitive skin
i suspect that this might be an amazing moisturizer for those with combination to moderately oily skin
i am not prone to breakouts
did not do well on my sensitive skin.
left me extremely itchy
this is not a product for people with sensitive skin
considering they said it was a "great" product for dry/sensitive skin types
the scent was not too strong
beware for those who have sensitive non oily skin
it is great for sensitive skin
truly i think this should be for normal to sensitive skin
too drying for my sensitive combo skin-returning it
if you don't have sensitive skin
after a few days my skin was very sensitive
i dont have sensitive skin
i happen to have sensitive skin
it you don't have sensitive skin i would resommend it
it was very very drying for a gentle wash.
be careful with this if you have sensitive skin.
it makes my combination skin very tight
i am very careful when it comes to conserving the amount i use
dont buy when your skin is very sensitive!
my skin is very uneven and looks dull mostly.
i wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin
it was so thin
the saleswoman said this should only be used by people who are extremely oily or who have bad acne
sometimes it can get extremely dry from harsh acne treatments
especially if you have oily skin is important
which is disappointing especially since i love km's other products
the fact that this is so wildly expensive
how this moisturizer has such a high rating
please do not use if you have any allergies/sensitive skin
this was too harsh for my skin
this made my skin super sensitive
i do not have sensitive skin
maybe my skin is just too sensitive for it
sensitive skin that takes days to recover
it is really bulky
while the moisturizer did not upset my sensitive skin
the moisturizer was very thin
it never absorbed very well
is great for sensitive
sensitive skin would benefit from this more than me
it feels pretty light while it is also very "watery
my skin is very redness prone as well.
my skin is only mildly sensitive
good product for my sensitive skin
its also very difficult to assess how much is left in the container
which is very acne-prone
it's too oily for me even though i'm a extremely try skin
the product seems very different
however the smell is very strong to me
which is unusual for him
even though this says that is is good for sensitive skin
i would't recommend this product to anyone who have sensitive skin
hopedt that the cleanser would be gentle yet effective for my skin type
felt extremely oily within a couple hours.
it was incredibly harsh
this item is also very highly fragranced, fyi
unfortunately not incredibly effective
be careful about the ingredients
with such high praise
i know cones aren't an issue for most people
my skin is not even the sensitive type
i think it would be great for someone with less sensitive skin
it's too much oil unless you are extremely dry.
this product seemed to be very helpful when i used it as a sample
too expensive for such a product.
made my super sensitive rosacea prone skin break out
it was hydrating, but not extremely effective.
the fragrance is way too strong
good for sensitive skin.
i do not recommend for dry or sensitive skin.
not overly perfumey skin
i just cant get over the overly strong scent
the fragrance was too strong
the price is unreasonably high
if you are someone who is sensitive to scents
the bottle is incredibly top heavy
cons: the scent is very strong
despite being described as appropriate for eye makeup removal
removed makeup very well
i cannot recommend this if you are sensitive to fragrance
my skin is very particular when it comes to products that leave a sticky residue on it
although i found it rich
normally have quite glowing skin
this product was too powerful for my fair
sensitive skin it made pink
it is extremely expensive per ounce
my skin is too sensitive for it i guess
this product was gentle on my sensitive skin.
i don't think it is useful for my acne
my skin isn't sensitive
sensitive blackheads that are extremely prominent on my face the next morning
which is pretty aggravating given it is not a cheap product
especially on my nose
my skin becomes very dry, and fragile.
it was very hard to keep in in the palm of hand.
thin liquid is not very smoothing.
it seemed to be very lightweight
i don't have particulary sensitive skin
i very rarely get blemishes
i always considered this br
for more mature skin
it has a very strong fish smell which i cannot get past this
unfortunately it is so powerful that my skin peels
i can also have extremely dry patches
while it was rich
it really irritated my semi sensitive skin.
it's difficult to work into the skin.
which normally i would like
did not react well to my sensitive oily skin
not attractive or appealing in any way
probably in part due to the extremely strong fragrance
my skin tends to be finicky
so for non-sensitive
2 employees recommended this highly
it is so overly fragranced i couldn't stand it.
it was too thick even though it was fabulously effective
they are notoriously awful smelling
especially considering the price
non-irritating all-in-one
as many other reviewers mentioned i also thought the smell of this plasma was pretty nasty/unpleasant
i do think it was good for my sensitive skin
the smell is so powerful
i am not particularly sensitive to smell
this product definitely has an unpleasant scent
if you are someone who is sensitive to smells
very expensive and no results
i has a very strong fish smell.
i would highly recommend investing in this product
the smell was very difficult to get rid off
has a very unpleasant smell.
i rarely use a product
when this product first came out i was extremely excited since i suffer from mild hyper-pigmentation
it feels extremely thick, heavy, and greasy.
it was very thick
definitely not for sensitive skin
just extremely dark circles
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin
as it feels very greasy
it initially stung the fragile skin under my eyes
especially at the price
very disappointing as i usually love lancome products
the texture is extremely smooth
if you're not sensitive to smell
it made my skin very tight
am sensitive to fragrance in products
my skin generally likes fragrance-free
the product goes extremely far
the soap smell is super strong too.
i think this cleanser is reasonably priced for what it does
it did not irritate my sensitive skin
especially mascara which i always have trouble with
this one isn't too expensive
i still had pretty large dark circles
it was actually quite drying which seems counterproductive
i think most of these products are made for puffy under eye circles
not good for my skin or my sensitive eye area
found it to be minimally effective
my skin took very well to it
it didn't work with my sensitive/combination skin
it may work for someone with less sensitive skin.
not lightweight at all
i find it does not penetrate my skin as deeply
not for sensitive or acne prone skin.
also, very drying and harshly scented.
doesn't seem to have any particulary soothing properties
this serum is highly ironic because it made me turn bright red within seconds of application
one was so thin
at the very least
my skin is very combination
it acts like a very light moisturizer.
i usually don't have this reaction to most "normal" face treatments
sensitive skin with rosacea
however it does make my face very smooth
when the sephora rep recommended it for my sensitive skin
however retinol is very sensitive to being exposed to air
so the bottle is not a helpful tool.
i don't have sensitive skin
my favorite is the dhc one only because this one has that very perfume-y scent like all shiseido products have that i don't particularly like
it has a pretty faulty design
this oil is very liquidy
however i have sensitive skin
the product was very lightweight
my skin is very sensitive
this lotion is probably effective for those with moderately oily skin
that meant it would act similarly to a primer
if you are sensitive to silicone ingredients
i just purchased this product because i have very oily skin
irritated my sensitive skin.
it just made my skin super congested
my face was extremely red
it is way too greasy and heavy.
my skin is very irritated and red.
my skin is very irritated and red.
its has a very light texture
this product is extremely oily
it sometimes makes me have small breakouts
this came highly recommended by a sephora associate
i would never recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
i definietly do have problematic skin at times
my skin turned very red
i dont even have sensitive skin!
it was very watery
it was way too rich for my skin
my skin isn't particularly acne-prone
especially for the price
i found it amazing for sensitive skin
the lady had highly advised me about this cream
even though this moisturizer is for sensitive skin
it didn't work for my type of sensitive skin
it made my sensitive skin break out
this is too expensive
i would just be careful
it is definitely lightweight
or it is super sticky
the smell wasn't particularly pleasant
you are pulling your delicate eye area which is not good
either my bags are too extreme for this product
it is very easy
it's gentle on my sensitive skin
which makes the product difficult to use
the bottle is extremely expensive
i do not normally have sensitive skin
at the extremely high price
my face felt extremely greasy
it has a very light scent
it is very difficult getting the remainder of the product out
this product is very expensive
just a heads up for anyone who has sensitive or allergies
very sensitive skin unfortunately this burned my eyes the first time i tried it
especially since it is dior
eye creams in general are very expensiveso when i found dior
it's design makes it very hard to get to a large portion of the jar
this product is very pricey
my skin became very irritated
think it would be safe to use on acne prone skin
it is highly fragranced.
my take is that one essential makes my skin a bit softer
i rarely breakout from a product
the cleanser is rich and it foams up very well.
i am not overly sensitive to smell
think it is kind of difficult to apply evenly around the delicate eye area
perricone has a lot of nerve selling this most grotesque product for $98
this product is very expensive
it also has an unpleasant "fragrance".
i am usually not sensitive/ complain about scents
especially at the price
surely there is another eye cream out there that is equally effective
although it seems to work fabulously
my skin is just too sensitive
this product leaves my sensitive skin greasy
very greasy from the get-go and causes breakouts.
although i have mature
generally problem-free skin
too heavy for combination skin.
if your eyes are sensitive don't bother.
uncomfortable when i used it
definitely not sensitive skin like mine
though i used to have quite severe episodes of over sensitized skin
my skin now behaves very well
should be anywhere near a product designed for sensitive skin
avoid this if your skin is sensitive.
especially with sensitive skin
it felt very filmy.
the pros are that is is very lightweight!
i usually am combination
it was very uncomfortable
especially for the price
by the end of the day i usually found my skin was somewhat oily
the price is super high 3
it was very light weight
it's extremely lightweight to a fault
considering it isn't very cheap
i found it to be very unpleasant
it was also decently balancing.
for sensitive skin sufferers like me
i also question if this "deeply" cleanses as in the description
this ridiculously expensive eye cream is too hard to apply to delicateeye skin
a few weeks into using this it became clear that although this cleanser is for sensitive skin-- my overly sensitive skin could not h
it's simply too expensive for such a small amount
which is difficult to describe
i need something more powerful
this is a pretty heavy cream
it made my sensitive
i hoped this would help my sensitive skin become less red
the only good part it isn't terribly expensive for sephora prices
not great for combo/sensitive skin.
particularly on my chin
i guess it would be more suitable for oily skin
definitely do not recommend for anyone who has sensitive skin
since it's pretty expensive in my opinion
i don't even have sensitive skin
i don't in any way have sensitive skin
sensitive skin with large pores
skin is very smooth after though.
ingredients did not irritate my sensitive skin
this was very cool to use
it was very thick
peels off very easily
came off fairly easily
especially for the price
its very sticky and smells very strong.
especially now that it is summer i love the fact that it contains an spf as well
smell is so overpowering and very unpleasant
i found this cream very heavy
it isn't great for sensitive skin days
this cream was just too rich
it made my eyes feel sensitive.
it has a really low spf too.
it also made my skin red and it felt very itchy.
i usually avoid clinique since their line is pretty over rated
was absorbed into the skin very fast
the product felt very light on the skin
it has a funny smell and is extremely greasy.
the price wasn't too high
it's still extremely visible
i do like that this is very lightweight
the product is too rich/heavy
this item is a bit on the expensive side
it is very hard cream
i found it to be very greasy
this is a very expensive product
it proved too greasy
may be great for others who don't have sensitive skin
it is sensitive as well
it wasent very moster using
has something in it that is very irritating to rosacea-prone skin
this should be prefaced with my saying i have very sensitive skin
this is gentle enough
is great for sensitive skin
fairly good cream but tender to block my pores.
too expensive for that cream.
just a real expensive moisturizer.
after letting sephora know about my sensitive skin
the smell was also kind of unpleasant to me!
it also seemed to irritate my sensitive skin.
are sensitive to essential oils
i do not recommend for the people who have sensitive skin
too expensive for an average eye cream.
especially for the price
sadly this highly recommended product didn't react well with my sensitive skin
my skin was too sensitive for this product
my skin is not typically sensitive to creams
did not make my sensitive skin angry
also would want to return it as it is very expensive
not necessarily a more supple
occasionally i'll get some irritation since my skin is quite sensitive
as i have sensitive oily
other primers i feel are more suitable for problematic skin
am picky with which products i use
my skin is not sensitive to breaking out or acne prone at all
it is very oily
(note: i break out very infrequently)
the residue can be a problem tricky
i found this very difficult to work with
particularly the cheek area lines
i tried applying very
unfortunately it also made my sensitive skin burn a little bit throughout the day
the scent is also rather unpleasant.
as the smell is so unpleasant
might be good for someone who doesn't have super sensitive skin
my sensitive skin can't h
i do not have sensitive skin
makes sensitive skin break out like crazy
this stuff is not for sensitive skin.
i normally have very clear skin
so those with sensitive skin be wary.
anyways it's very lightweight
however the scent is very strong
it is very light.
it said on the label it's for sensitive skin
sensitive skin that is extremely prone to clogged pores
my skin is extremely sensitive
one downside is how sticky the consistency is too
it was quite uncomfortable.
has been gentle on my sensitive skin
i find that yes the cream makes your face extremely soft
this product was highly ineffective for me
not good for such and expensive product.
relatively obsessed with sun protection
i guess my skin is too sensitive for this one
if you are not as sensitive as me
i don't have sensitive skin
tautness for a very short time
i've always been skeptical about cooling gels
the smell isn't too strong
its too strong for my preference.
s though which were not as sensitive
in the most sensitive areas on my face
especially for the price
it was too heavy for my sensitive skin
the smell is not unpleasant however i personally don't prefer heavily fragranced products on my face
although it is very lightweight my skin still felt tight
especially for the price
because my dark circles have seemed to increase terribly
why this eye cream would be so expensive
very pricey for a low performer.
because i normally love caudalie's products
it's very very very lightweight
coupled with very little sleep
i feel like i am wasting 25% of this very expensive cream
the pump on this bottle not only has been very difficult to work with
i am not a sensitive person
surprisingly caudalie adds more than normal in this particular product
i found it very heavy
perhaps better suited for dry, more fragile skin.
this product is extremely thick
i've bought myself a very expensive moisturizer.
had to return it because it is so strongly perfumed
my sensitive skin did not react well to this.
an ma highly recommended this line
the packaging is also extremely annoying as the product would end up on both sides of the lids
i prefer not to use heavily perfumes products.
tightening or even particularly absorbing
does not irritate my hyper-sensitive eyes
having said so, this eye gel was a very expensive
it contains alcohol and has a very strong smell.
and the box is really tricky to handle too.
though not the best i've triedcons: extremely high fragrance
not for the acne prone or fragrance sensitive.
this cream was overly fragranced
it is so strongly perfumed that i had to wash my face as soon as i tested it
for such a pricy product
i think it's suitable for sensitive skin as it helped to calm my irritated cheeks due to retin-a
for such an outrageously expensive cream
my skin isn't usually that sensitive
i like clinique products so far because they don't irritate my very sensitive eyes
it is very gentle
i do not have extremely large pores
they aren't incredibly large or anything like that
(especially for the price).
it anything i've only become more conscious about my pores
it is very expensive for a small amount though!!
she was very helpful
i don't necessarily have sensitive skin
i i turned bright red in sensitive areas
i noticed there are women who are proner to breakouts who say they have "sensitive skin
my skin is sensitive sicne it is easily irritated
please be careful before using if you also have sensitve skin
it really irritated my sensitive skin
especially if you have sensitive skin.
was very excited to try it since the full product is extremely expensive
felt very very oily
it was extremely thick
this was very expensive.
trying this one that was highly recommended to me by a sephora worker
helps my skin especially since i use retin a
i am very careful with my use of moisturizers.
it does spread very well
com that are equally good
i admit i have difficult skin.
it's probably just too intense for my uber-sensitive skin
it also seems to be irritating my skin.
it has never been particularly sensitive to anything
it doesnt irritate my sensitive skin
there are less expensive
it worked very well on my dark circles
make the under eye area very sensitive if you forget to use it once
i don't have sensitive skin usually
for as highly recommended as this eye balm is
particularly about the bottom lashes
it's very meticulous to put on
pat on a very thin layer
also found it to be very drying which made it difficult to put make-up on
be careful if you have sensitive eyes.
so on mornings where your eyes are particularly puffy
alone its very sticky
for the most part, this is okay.
the oil itself is very thick
it feels very sticky
as someone very familiar with using oil on the skin
having very dry+sensitive skin i was very open to this
seemed to clean more deeply
i found the texture to be extremely heavy
wouldn't recommend it for sensitive and oily skin
it is very thick and hard to apply.
it is very thick
it's extremely thick and has a very strong smell.
t's great for sensitive skin
extremely hard to spread on the skin
this cleanser oil is too heavy.
it has a very thick consistency
although it does remove makeup very well
it made makeup application difficult.
also, the spf factor is too low.
my skin became extremely oily
it is very heavy
i would recommend it to anyone who doesn't have super sensitive skin
it is not appropriate for oily skin types
very lightweight to the point of not really moisturising
i've never had sensitive skin
highly recommend that if you are thinking of purchasing
which can aggravate sensitive skin
s of night moisturizers that are equally nice
especially for the price
for someone like me with extremely sensitive skin i would probably skip this item
it's very light weight
i don't have sensitive skin
would also be slightly irritating to my sensitive eyes sometimes
i don't have extremely dark circles
it is very long lasting
this one is not super expensive
i do not concider myself having sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
this eye cream was extremely disappointing
i am very sensitive to eye products
although it did not irritate my very sensitive eyes
the cream is incredibly thick
it smells quite poorly
this one would be great for dry skin types as a daily moisturizer or for sensitive skin since none of the ingredients are likely to irritate you
it is very comforting
it is very comforting
especially for the price
use high-end products regularly so my skin was in pretty good condition to begin with
i expected it to work exceptionally well
especially as kate somerville products are pretty pricey
my skin is sensitive
did not absorb very well
so despite the low reviews for this product
definitely a good product for sensitive eyes
formula is also very drying
worked fairly well under makeup
would work with my overly sensitive eyes
the main perks are: it doesn't irritate my very sensitive
sometimes my skin is sensitive to new products
it has a very strong scent
how sensitive it is/how much exfoliation you need
it passes the initial test for my ultra-sensitive
said it would be good for my sensitive
my skin is not extremely sensitive to products
as you know, many serums tend to be pricey.
beware if you have sensitive skin
it's a very natural one
it made my skin extremely oily causing me to break out more
i found it to be a little to strong for my sensitive skin
however, i have very sensitive skin.
its a very unpleasant feeling
this product has a very strong
it burns and makes my eyes extremely red.
this is not for sensitive skin.
made the super-delicate skin break out
especially under the eye area
i found it very thick
i highly recommend olehenriksen's other products
not my sensitive skin
it was very thick
wore fairly well under my makeup
my skin is very sensitive
wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin.
it was too harsh
it gets the job done though, cleans deeply.
i think this is what minimizes the lines from appearing so deeply creased
i chose it because it's for sensitive skin
because of the heavy texture it's difficult to apply
as it was exceptionally soothing
i am not prone to breakouts
i think if you have sensitive skin around the eye area
the beneficial ingredients become unstable
is very rich without being too thick or greasy
it did not feel as gentle on my very sensitive eyes as the origins product i had been using
it is very gentle though.
i started using this because my eyes are extremely sensitive
i do recommend it for sensitive eyes
does not irritate my sensitive eyes/skin.
most of their ingredients are plant based which i found i was allergic too
the ingredients become unstable
it also made it very red
product is very rich
may be too heavy for my particular skin type
extremely deceptive and ethically bankrupt.
i guarantee you people would use it extremely sparingly
it was quite expensive
it also has an unpleasant smell.
combo or sensitive skin
it is an extremely strange smell.
it leaves an incredibly thick
it is ridiculously small.
this is extremely greasy
this definitely is not for those of us who have extremely sensitive skin
has a very unappealing odor
the scent is very strong
i did not want to try it due to my skin being very sensitive
as it is very light
spreading it very thin
i consider my skin to be fairly normal when it comes to oil production
found the product to be very light
this is pretty lightweight
its a little lightweight for me personally
was way to strong and my skin is not sensitive.
if you are sensitive to chemical fragrance
while the texture was very light
i believe that this product is better suited for women with very dry a/o mature skin
the scent is very strong
the scent was way too strong
usually love most products i use- i am not too picky
this felt nice on my sensitive skin no stinging
i normally have combo skin
i also am very acne prone
is great for sensitive skin
i love clinique, generally.
i broke out terribly
i highly recommend moisture surge over the turnaround
i don't have sensitive skin either.
i do not have sensitive skin
my sensitive skin broke out in terrible
it is really expensive
i should have known that any product that claims to expertly treat both "very dry"
that's not very helpful for hydrating the skin.
i generally do not have sensitive
here are other micellar waters that are much more effective
which i found super effective
if you are sensitive to extremely strong fragrance
returned after one use because it is extremely perfumey
i found this to be too harsh on my sensitive skin
which seems super convenient
the pump on this is also very messy
need to be careful around the eyes as it stings.
two it being non-irritating
it's been very eye opening!
as most modern eye creams do
i actually like using the origins ginzing gel moisturizer on my eye area better because my skin is very sensitive
like most of the origins products
it suits my skin very well.
this made my skin feel extremely tight
i don't consider my skin to be incredibly sensitive/acne prone
this cleanser works very well on sensitive skin.
i won't repurchase this product because it is very expensive
dries on the skin very strangely
i normally do not have sensitive skin
it was extremely drying
a girl a sephora recommended this for my sensitive acne prone combination skin
the formula did not irritate my sensitive skin
this moisturizer was too heavy
they're great for sensitive skin.
since it sounded more intensive
but it was also made my face look very oily.
that is generally normal
this product left my face feeling extremely greasy
i don't have sensitive skin
not for ultra-sensitive skin.
it was extremely okay.
although this is super rich
the consistency is very thick
i would be very careful with using it
however, i fine the scent too strong.
i can see why this is so highly recommended.
my only concern is that people with sensitive skin be care there are a ton of fragrances in this stuff
it is a very heavy cream
i do not have sensitive skin so this was very shocking
the texture of this product makes my face very sticky
i do not have sensitive skin
it is not meant for sensitive skin
not a good fit for my sensitive skin.
as others have stated it has a very strong smell to it
not for my skin type combination sensitive.
also be careful not to get it in your eyes
it is incredibly drying
didn't like what it did to my very sensitive skin
sadly, this mask was very harsh on my skin.
i would recommend the origins rose clay mask for sensitive skin
it was very easy to apply
my skin isn't usually sensitive at all
the product is also very drying
i don't have sensitive skin
makes my skin feel very tight
especially anything from fresh
the mask is very tight
is very hard to scrub off
it is non-useful on my eyes.
if you're sensitive avoid!
it didn't work out for my sensitive skin
my eyes are very sensitive to fragrances
it is fairly expensive
i therefore do not recommend it to people with very sensitive eyes who tend to water up easily
i don't know if i just have super sensitive skin
it am prone to breakouts
extracting due to my extremely oily skin
so are less expensive products
it was very gentle
this stuff overly dried my skin to the point that my natural oils became out of control
i'd say this is pretty good for fairly dry to combo skin
my skin is combination oily and sensitive.
since my skin condition changed to very sensitive
especially the area under my nose
for someone who isn't very sensitive to fragrances
the consistency of it is somewhat like a moisturizer
soothing but not that effective for me
i wouldn't recommend it for sensitive skin
my combo skin is finicky.
most likely it will be useful in the warm months
very prone to breakouts in some places
also the scent is very light
my skin reacted very poorly
a bit too "lightweight" for me
clogged my pores terribly
reviews that this may work on pre acne or on people with more sensitive skin
it was not good for my sensitive skin
especially in the summer
this is a very light
with my skin being so sensitive
it grey so you have to be very careful
it's very lightweight and absorbs quickly.
acne prone skin so the promise of helping with that was very enticing
it feels very heavy on your skin
apparently i am sensitive to one of ingredients in this product
this product is not for sensitive skin galls even if it minimizes pores
less expensive eye treatments out there
does not absorb very well.
if you just need moisture for extremely sensitive skin
not overly in love
my undereyes are so sensitive
it's become more sensitive to products
even when applying a very thin layer
it smells very strongly
it had unpleasant order
this was too heavy
the smell is also unpleasant
this feels extremely think and gross for hours.
i think it would be best left to those with extremely dry skin
he does not have sensitive combo acne prone skin like i do
it is also a heavy formula that is uncomfortable on my skin
unfortunately it was a waste for my rather sensitive my skin
which is very light
my face instantly became very sticky
the bottle is a little too fragile
i like this line because it is appropriate for very sensitive skin
i know this isn't very helpful
perricone eye cream for sensitive eyes was better
it absorbs very fast.
the glutithione cream for face is great if you are not sensitive
i found this to be quite pricy
overall this was just a very expensive eye cream
especially for my eye are
especially with no results
my skin is extremely dehydrated
it was highly recommended for oily or combination skin that's acne prone
its odor is highly chemically which makes me ponder if i should put it on my face
not for very heavy make up
safe for my sensitive/allergy prone skin
it is supposed to be ultra firming but it is not.
doesn't irritate my sensitive skin
the price is too high
as it is very heavy
most other cheaper moisturizers have a nice texture
if you are at all acne prone or sensitive
i am 22 so my fine lines are not incredibly deep
it not only made me extremely oily
i found this moisturizer to be very lightweight
it has an extremely light
it seems like it would work well on sensitive skin
my skins becomes very unbalanced
it wears off very quickly
but seriously, the smell is tooooooo strong.
it's good but in very small portions.
this is too heavy for my skin
i am also acne prone.
my face became flaky and excessively dry.
my skin is sensitive
(and i don't have sensitive skin).
at first its very light weight
my very sensitive skin didn't respond kindly to it
stay away from this if you have sensitive skin.
if you're not as sensitive to it
it makes my skin really sensitive
has a very strong smell
this is very overpowering
the scent was way too strong
this is great for dry skin or someone who isn't sensitive to shea
especially considering the cost of this product
also was very difficult to rinse off in general.
it was a bit too much for my sensitive
also, the rose scent is very strong.
it melts well also very smooth
it isn't suitable for the eyes
a ver picky sensitive-delicate/combination skin problem i thought this was it
it also feels tight
didn't seem to be too harsh for my sensitive-reactive skin
the applicator is difficult to use and messy.
i would imagine dangerous to both your health
my skin is the opposite of sensitive
too expensive to have to be dealing with that!
i wear makeup most days
this is way too sticky for me to use consistently
it feels very sticky
is too light for my skin's characteristics
i generally love this line
the cream itself is very thin
the smell is very unappealing!!!
i am not usually that sensitive to scents
this is just unpleasant
it was even difficult to wash off
this product has a very pungent
but it did seem to be an effective moisturizer.
which is very unusual for me
i like this because it is very calming
it is awfully strong
not good if you have sensitive skin
my skin still got extremely oily within a few hours
application was extremely sticky
pretty pricey for such a small amount.
the smell of alcohol was very strong
my skin felt overly tight
it was quite cooling
which is very uncomfortable for underneath the eye
my under eye area is extremely red
very expensive for the amount
now my under eye area is tender is very itchy
i generally don't have sensitive skin so not sure what other product was in there that caused this
and my skin is not sensitive!
not a very strong product
my skin is very sensitive to products
twice as thick-at most
please note this is not very moisturising
seriously made my skin unbelievably dry
because i have combination skin
second, it is a very strange texture.
very disappointing because it's so expensive!
most importantly it does not have silicone or other harmful ingredients
especially for that price
it is very thin
i found it to be overly greasy
since it is very expensive
it is a very gentle mask
for such an expensive mask
creates a very unpleasant film
my skin is extremely sensitive
it's very difficult to justify the price tag.
this is pretty ordinary
although sometimes when its super hot
i find it absorbs very well
the smell is quite concerning
it smells extremely sour
00 is too expensive to not love the oil
especially in the areas where i usually break out
the price is also somewhat off-putting
as it seems functionally similar to other products that are much less expensive
it's unlike many serums on the market right now that are very drying
wanted to see if it would help minimize my stressful breakouts
my skin has been horribly congested lately
i think this product would be appropriate for those with sensitive skin who only need light exfoliation
this product would probably benefit people with mature skin the most
the packaging is pretty
this one felt very harsh
i am normally sensitive to smells
the smell of this product is very strong
so if you have sensitive skin tread lightly!
the scent is too strong
it was no helpful at all
functionally, this was not a good product for me.
difficult to keep in my h
which seems too harsh
this cleanser is overly
i wouldn't recommend this for anyone with sensitive
this is extremely oily on my skin
especially for night time use
being an oil was not particularly good for that
i also felt very oily
this porduct was vey greasy.
sensitive skin-friendly retinol
where i most need it.
especially for those with acne
it also made me very patchy
this is such a gentle spot treatment it feels like nothing
it's so ridiculously expensive
it would be an okay moisturizer for someone not sensitive to silicone
this was extremely greasy as well
i am very acne prone
my skin is very acne-prone
you need very little and it is very thin.
2 stars cause it's very gentle
i found this to be very similar to the moisturizer
it is gentle like many philosophy products
would not recommend buying for someone in their 20s with acne prone skin or those sensitive to smell
i found the fragrance to be very strong
i don't have sensitive skin
also, the smell is too strong.
unfortunately, it was fairly underwhelming.
had a very strong fragrance to it
it was touching most of my skin
it isn't very relaxing because it is so sticky
seems to work fairly well
it is very refreshing
the gel is very sticky
rarely if ever experience breakouts
this product was extremely harsh
it is very sticky!
also, it has an unpleasant smell.
also has an unpleasant smell
it was very sticky
this is a very simple moisturizer
i am extremely oily in my t-zone.
the face remained somewhat sticky
very greasy when first applied.
is actually very toxic
i found myself soft but very very very dry.
particularly for the price
which i highly recommend
if you are sensitive to fragrance in skin care products
i made it very clear i had scent allergies
my hair is extremely greasy
it was definitely lightweight
my skin isn't overly dry
can be sensitive with tendency towards redness
i suspect not good for sensitive skin
i think the smell is probably divisive since it is a bit powdery
and my skin isn't sensitive either.
its too heavily scented
it's almost like the smell of a very very mild
most likely because of the fragrance
it is so heavily fragranced
would be problematic too
it seems that the average consensus is that this product is not meant for sensitive skinned folk
i love the smell of most caudalie products
this stuff is not for those with sensitive noses
my skin is sensitive
my skin type is generally combination
and i don't even have sensitive skin.
this was recommended to me for sensitive skin.
it claimed to be safe for sensitive but no no no.
i don't have very sensitive skin
not good for sensitive skin!
my skin is sensitive
this product is too expensive for such a tiny bottle
my skin in sensitive to spf
which happens to be my most oily area
maybe because i have sensitive acne prone skin who knows
within two days of usage my face felt extremely heavy
it feels like it is very heavy
i get extremely oily around my nose
very moisturizing yet still very light on the face
it keeps my extremely sensitive
i wouldn't recommend it for sensitive skin
like tight or super flaky
i didn't find it to be ultra rich
the consistency of the product is very thick
be careful with this product because it is very thick
i would not recommend for sensitive skin
it was too lightweight for my skin
i would give this 5 stars if not for my very sensitive skin
this product mildly covers up dark circles
one star isn't low enough.
it also sinks in very well.
i can't rate this very high when my dark circles are still there
i really like most clinique products for my dark circles
was even more wary of it
it feels too heavy for an eye cream
i always have very dark under eye circles.
makes the skin very smooth where i apply it
very disappointing for this expensive cream.
my dark circles aren't too too dark
have slightly sensitive skin
as, for the smell, i strongly dislike it.
it's just an oil, nothing attractive to me.
when i initially went to the store seeking a moisturizer that would provider revitalize my extremely sensitive/acne-prone skin without clogging pores like so many others have
hoping that this extremely greasy product
which is very rare since my skin is very acne-prone
this product in combination with the moisturizer have clogged my pores terribly
wanted it for my hyper pigmentation
perhaps it was an allergic reaction
or perhaps my skin is just too sensitive for this
these breakouts are those big hard ones
not when my breakouts are active
it has somewhat been helping with pores
however, the packaging is awkward and wasteful.
i am aware that sulfur is controversial for skin care
i find it most effective applied as a primer
perhaps the sulfur content is too low for dramatic results
that recommend me this product for my acne prone skin with full knowledge that i had dry sensitive skin
tends to be incredibly large
not throughly research to be proven true
since the price is prohibitive for many (most?)
would definitely recommend trying a sample if you are sensitive or have acne prone skin
is not potent enough for my extremely dry skin
especially for the heft price tag
i personally find it very light
second just because a product is "all natural" it does not mean its for sensitive skin
this moisturizer is not suitable for highly sensitive skin as the fragrance in it is so heavy
i just have a highly sensitivity to the main irritants in skin care products
i like to have a fair complex.
make it very vulnerable in the sun or even under bright lights at home
the product itself is very thin
so this product is very expensive
she was extremely knowledgeable about it
be mindful about it.
moisturizer which are way too expensive for the results
makes a very expensive hand cream.
my sensitive skin appreciates their natural ingredients
also be careful when you squeeze the tube.
a very expensive purchase with absolutelyno results at all
it is highly comedogenic
since it said it was safe for sensitive skin
the thing is that i can vouch for it being good for sensitive skin
the $24 bottle is quite top-heavy
it is lightweight which i appreciated.
it's not very intensive
it is very thick
it was very lightweight which was great
it's a great product for sensitive skin
it's extremely dry and sensitive.
i try to only purchase non-comodegenic products as i have sensitive combination skin
which of course is not ideal for breakout-prone skin
it is occasionally sensitive
the label says non-comedogenic yet the 2nd ingredient is known to cause breakouts
i did like that it felt very lightweight
this is definitely not for sensitive skin
travel friendly, but not too small!
for those who have incredibly sensitive
great for sensitive skin
it is very lightweight
the moisture it provides is also very light
it might just be me as i am sensitive to orders.
both products are very sticky.
the product leaves skin very very greasy
i've also developed patchy areas of hard skin
it was super pricey for me
i will tell you that the jar it comes in is extremely wasteful
especially if you have oilier skin
it does have somewhat of a mattifying effect
normally i am not sensitive to products
would recommend to those with less sensitive skin
"tingling" is intense and very uncomfortable.
i do worry that the granules would be too harsh for really sensitive or delicate skin
not for sensitive skin!
it goes on very patchy
i do not recommend for sensitive skin!
would probably feel like burning for sensitive skin
i dont have sensitive skin
it left my skin super sensitive
especially with regard to specialized application brush
i wasn't overly thrilled with the applicator or texture of this product
it is very thin
the application is awkward
i said i have sensitive skin
the product is highly recommended.
the formula itself is also very drying
it goes on very heavy/greasy
this was not the line for my oily sensitive skin.
has not yet irritated my sensitive/ acne prone skin
my expectations for this were pretty high
but clearer instructions would be very helpful.
pm?it is very expensive
the texture of this cream is incredibly rich
has sensitive combination skin like me
refining effects to be quite suitable for her
i wouldn't recommend this product to people who have sensitive skin
goes on very smooth
definitely test this before you buy if you are at all sensitive to scent
did not absorb very well.
i do not have sensitive skin
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin.
not to mention it's extremely tough to get off.
still have a very red face
i do not have sensitive skin
my face is still a very intense red
i really think this is a dangerous product in every way
i don't normally have sensitive skin
highly recommend being smarter than i was
i wouldn't use it very often as it is very drying
my skin isn't normally sensitive
so disappointing especially because of the price!
as most things tend to do
the consistancy was too thin
not in a way that irritates my sensitive skin
it is also feels lightweight.
sensitive skin that breaks out when i put on something too rich/too nutritious
if you are sensitive to smells, do not get this!
it is not rich
men generally don't wear foundation
t was pretty effective
fairly strong citrus orange scent which i suspect might have contri
was way too greasy to use regularly
i knew it was a little risk since my skin is sensitive to oils
it feels very greasy
this one is rather inexpensive
chin which since my teen years is very rare
this is nothing more than expensive moisturizer in a very small bottle
it isn't as effective
my skin is pretty sensitive
i just have super sensitive skin
i do not have sensitive skin
generally most skin products work fine for me
the cream is very rich
i rarely gets breakouts
f you're sensitive to smells be aware of that
the formula is too rich
as i love most of fresh's products
this is very light
my skin was very sensitive still
don't soak in very well
most murad products are great on my skin
which is ultimately counterproductive as it makes your dark circles darker
this product burns the very sensitive skin on the eye socket
it's difficult to tell how low i am or when i'm running out
this product either goes bad really quickly or have negative effects on sensitive skin types like mine
this is an expensive product that ran out very fast
i do not recommend this for anyone with remotely sensitive skin
could be my skin is ultra sensitive
it's sensitive with dark circles
i don't have sensitive skin.
irritated my sensitive skin
especially under eye area
clearly too strong for me.
it did not irritate my sensitive eyes or skin
i found it to be a very expensive
i am giving this product a one star because its very time consuming
because i think it has mildly helped i will continue to use it
it was super easy to use
this was an expensive lesson
which is very important to me when using any skin care product on my face
it's very difficult to wear this serum with or without makeup
uncomfortable throughout the day
my skin has never been sensitive to products before
i would advise everyone to be careful with retinol
it might be more difficult to use if you're skin is sensitive
normally i have a clear , combination skin.
i do not have sensitive skin
especially given it was somewhat pricey
this product is very lightweight
if you are sensitive to smells
which is too drying for my sensitive skin
the associate assured me that it is most intensely hydrating
as a very busy person
i think this is simply too harsh for sensitive skin
because it's so expensive
my skin is often irritated by products
it feels quite tight
so, it is good for sensitive skin.
if you're sensitive to that
i found it incredibly drying and too harsh.
given its so expensive
its too drying for the delicate eye area.
my under eye area became sensitive to touch
under my brow was very sensitive to touch as well
ridiculously expensive for such a cheap product.
too strong for the skin around my eyes
also my only complaint is that it's very pricy for such a tiny bottle
this product does nothing to keep the moisture in your under eye area which is so delicate
for such a very expensive cream
fine lines it was very minimal
it is a bit expensive which is definitely a negative
this eye cream also makes my eyes water excessively
however this was murder on my sensitive eyes.
it's non-irritating and gentle.
my skin is not sensitive at all.
i loved how gentle this was on my sensitive skin
it works very well.
found this to be too greasy.
it was so convenient!
i am quite sensible to it
probably wouldn't recommend it for extremely dry girls
my skin is increasingly sensitive as i age
this eye cream looks like it might be heavy or too rich for the eye area
clinique all about eyes rich is far superior.
i normally use all about eyes rich
don't use this product if you have sensitive skin
-i wouldn't recommend this for sensitive skin
i love clinique normally
but don't buy it if you have sensitive eyes!
considering clinique is super careful about allergy testing
i guess my eyes are sensitive?
this cream is not rich at all
which is usually the most susceptible to oil
i would not recommend for those with very sensitive skin
perhaps i have a rare allergic reaction.
it is travel friendly though
it moisturizescons: price is high relatively what it does
i find the fragrance to be simply too strong
which was quite amusing
i am still very sensitive to certain products as my skin will react
breakout if a new product is not made for sensitive skin
for people with more mature skin this would be super beneficial
it also made my skin extremely sticky.
this was too strong botanically for me
this cream is very thick and heavy duty.
it is very greasy
i found the product to be to lightweight for me personally
is extremely lightweight which is not a bad thing for those who like that
i always look for the most natural
i liked the fact this was a very lightweight feeling
not overly greasy/heavy on my already oily face
it is very lightweight
as someone with sensitive skin
i find perricone's product very effective though often have an offputting scent
additionally, the scent was unpleasant.
my skin is very uneven
it doesn't irritate my sensitive skin
my face was very tight
this product is way too sticky
the smell is too strong
flaky skin so this product was recommended to me
the sales person recommended this product for my sensitive skin prone to redness
it was extremely sticky
it leaves a really unpleasant
even though it is supposed to be good for sensitive skin
which is not sensitive
this was very sticky
it leaves a very sticky feel to my face which makes using makeup a bit difficult
this would be great for very sensitive skin as a light cleanser
i think people started to break out because the cleanser was not very effective at removing stubborn makeup
that super tight feeling
it was very expensive given its performance
usually combination/normal sensitive skin
i highly recommend the masks
it also had a very strange scent???
the issue with it is that is seems very stripping to my skin
after i use it my skin feels very tight
i wanted to love this as it is supposed to be for sensitive skin
not feasible even to wear at night as this is fairly absorbent oil
the smell is very strong
although that's not a difficult task to achieve for me
be very careful with garments that you may not want to bleach
i can see this working for other people with extremely dry
this product always causes breakouts
which does not happen very fast
be cautious of you have sensitive/acne prone skin
i found it extremely unpleasant
this feels very rich and greasy.
your eyes are extremely sensitive
the formula is certainly rich
would only recommend it to someone with extremely dry skin
i very rarely have reactions to face creams
also very greasy appearance
one with a strong scent too
i am not normally sensitive to cosmetic smells
it was recommended as being very potent
f you are acne prone just be cautious
while this didn't irritate my sensitive skin or cause breakouts
it feels very lightweight to the touch.
the price point is extremely affordable which makes it an ok product
this was too heavy for my skin
my sensitive skin started breaking out like crazy
a bit sticky as well
it's very lightweight and soothing.
i will say this primer made my skin extremely smooth
this one isn't right for my sensitive skin
however i have extremely oily skin even at my age
based on highly-trustable internet research
except that the serum is fairly expensive
my skin was getting extremely oily out of nowhere
not much for hydrating purposesthe price is very high for the effectiveness of this product
this product is expensive
extremely greasy which is okay for my extremely dry
i tried it once and it is extremely greasy.
it is very expensive
after about four days of using this product my skin became extremely oily which then caused breakouts
i wouldn't consider it to be sensitive
it doesn't sink in particularly quickly
it isn't quite sticky
my face was still very oily
i think this product isn't for someone who has overly sensitive skin like i do
because i don't have sensitive skin
especially on my face
if you are sensitive to scents do not purchase!
and it is fairly light.
too heavy for me
it was recommended highly
not to mention the smell is very strong.
do not use this product if you have sensitive skin
left my skin extremely oily
it was fairly good under makeup because it has a mattifying effect
it's too much for my sensitive
its very difficult to apply if you are using other products such as serums or oils underneath
i find that this product can easily be overdone
it is very greasy
its also extremely sensitive
this was incredibly thick
my face is sensitive
especially since it was so expensive
not good for extremely dry and sensitive skin.
my skin is also pretty sensitive
seems to work very well for others
i think the price is extremely high given the fact that the fourth ingredient is alcohol
it has been irritating my sensitive combination skin
which is not always the case for most serums
it's pretty pricey for such a small bottle
it does not absorb very well either
my skin was very itchy
combination / prone to breakouts with some products / slightly sensitive / dry at times to oily at times
i don't have sensitive skin or anything
my face became extremely red
this is an extremely small product for the price
can definitely be left on my sensitive skin overnight
except extremely mild exfoliation
it worked well with my sensitive skin
i found it difficult to remove
i would classify this as a very light moisturizer with a fresh scent
it's still very strong
it just won't protect your skin from even moderately harsh conditions
this type of treatment isn't suited for frequent use
once a week would probably be fine for my super sensitive skin
the most annoying part of the incredibly expensive product
but it was very abrasive to my skin :(
might be too abrasive for skin though.
however, it is still a fairly average cleanser.
i highly dislike that you have to use it on dry skin
said although it is somewhat expensive
this one has an extremely strong smell
it has a very strong scent which is not appealing at all
not recommended for anyone with sensitive skin
for sensitive smell either
unfortunately i have to agree that the scent is very strong
it is very strong
this is an intensely fragranced accident waiting to happen
it is very cooling
especially not someone with sensitive or dry skin
because they're more natural
it leaves my skin looking incredibly oily especially in my tzone
i've never had sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
i don't have sensitive skin
very raised above the surface as well
this is a very small bottle for a very high price
sadly it's too harsh for my sensitive acne prone skin
it might not be suitable for oily skin.
not recommended for sensitive skin.
t was very difficult to use after that
it is so expensive
i did not find it particularly hydrating
your skin become very matte
it is at best a very expensive primer.
the spf is really low
it actually makes my skin very very flaky for some reason
i find it extremely greasy
not ideal for those with sensitive skin
it became very itchy
and an expensive one to boot.
at first i was excited to try this product because it claims to be safe for sensitive skin like mine
seriously frustrated to be dealing with such severe peeling in a delicate area
this product is very caustic for me
definitely not a good product for those with sensitive skin
the scent is a bit too heavy
irritated my skin even though i don't have a really sensitive skin
i would not recommend this to anyone with acne or sensitive skin
my skin is very acne prone
the product has a very strong scent.
it left my skin very
the exchange process was very agreeable
it didnt remove my makeup very well.
it leaves behind this incredibly sticky film
no refreshing feeling that i get from most micellar waters
for how expensive this is i was expecting it to be super effective
this is so strongly scented.
i will say it's very gentle on my sensitive skin
i highly recommend if you don't have super sensitive skin though
f you have extremely sensitive or sensitive skin
it feels very sticky afterwards
the smell is very heavy
especially dark eye makeup
it was very gentle
too rich in ingredients
my most expensive one is lancome
sometimes harsh on sensitive skin
not ideal for combination skin
not very moisturising especially brings out spots
it is a very unplesent smell
also not very kind on my acne prone face.
great for sensitive skin though
i usually have very few pimples
i find it really unpleasant
it is not lightweight
it's been a fairly long amount of time
for those who are sensitive to smells
is fairly good price
okay for sensitive eyes
the smell is very strong
sensitive skin run from this product
because i'm not super picky
i always go for highly rated highly reviewed products
but it feels very heavy and greasy on my face.
so be careful if you have sensitive skin.
this felt very heavy and greasy on my face.
the cream itself was very thin
very light and absorbs into the skin really fast.
it doesn't give breakouts or any adverse effects to my sensitive skin
i generally love shiseido's hair products
also it also left my skin quite greasy.
definitely do not recommend if you have dry/combination or sensitive skin
not for sensitive skin.
not for sensitive skin!
paper into my sensitive skin
acne prone with dark spots so maybe it isn't as sensitive as others?
they were very strong
it makes your skin extremely itchy the moments after you use the pads
burns horribly on my sensitive skin
as do most products
my skin became sensitive to the product
saw mixed results for users with sensitive skin
it is pretty stripping
rarely reach for it
certainly not "deeply hydrating"
the claims of a "deeply hydrating mask" i would find an effective product
because i found this to be very sticky
it is very sticky when first applied
why is this so expensive?!
highly recommend the rescue mask
this was really greasy and very heavily perfumed.
i found the scent to be way too strong
f you are sensitive to that you may breakout
extremely expensive cleanser for no real cleansing
particularly because of the smell.
which is notoriously bad for acne-prone skin
genuinely improves the tone
i am very picky about smell
the most important thing is it dries out my skin
i would say this product is extremely overpriced.
first of all, it is extremely drying to the skin.
extremely overpriced mask i have ever come across
if you are really sensitive about smellsdon't buy it
the only deterrent is the price which is pretty steep for just a morning cleanser
very expensive for the amount.
i loved the way this product felt on my super sensitive skin
it is very oily
it's a very very high-quality product
it is quite expensive.
i feel that i must let everyone know that the packaging of the product is extremely wasteful
because it is way too harsh to continue use on the delicate eye area
i do not have sensitive skin at all
it caused the very very top layer of the skin to be completely dry
too expensive for a cream.
also sensitive eyes beware
i think the retinol concentration is too much for those with sensitive skin
i never experienced the "powerful
i am still relatively young
i found it to be overly perfumey
not very consistent in texture
i generally like the serums by lancome
not for sensitive skin as it states.
especially because this is a pretty pricey product
i am usually not sensitive to anything.
however it is highly scented
it is highly perfumed
especially for the price
it does smooth out your skin somewhat
especially in dark spots
2 stars for how little it does for the extremely high price
which is weird cause i don't have sensitive skin by any means
$98 seemed pretty steep to me
if i could give this zero stars i would especially since it claims it is gentle enough for sensitive skin
since i have very
i realize it's very concentrated
i can tell my skin feels more sensitive in the mornings
which i am not fond of since my skin tends to more very oily
it is very gentle
my pores very large
especially because i hormonally breakout.
i don't have sensitive skin!
however i do not think i will be purchasing the full size as it is very expensive for basically a very basic moisturizing mask
it is very soothing
my skin is normally very oily
i do not have sensitive skin at all.
my skin is not sensitive what so ever
it does not irritate my super sensitive skin
would only recommend for those that are fond of gentle
is that it is very soothing
i do not have sensitive skin by any means
it also absorbed very well on my combination skin
it feels very pleasant upon application
just because it claims to be for sensitive skin types
i am more prone to rosacea "breakouts
not very pleasant to my nose
my skin is very sensitive
the pump is difficult
the smell was very strong
it is very thick
many people have the impression lavender is helpful to skin
actually dermatalogical research shows quite clearly it's irritating/damaging to the skin on a micro level
smells like menthal or medicine very strong!
my skin is somewhat sensitive
because this was such an expensive product
if you are at all smell sensitive
so not great for sensitive skin
it was too harsh
i don't recommend this for extremely dry sensitive skin
safe for my sensitive skin
i really wanted to like it because i have super sensitive acne-prone skin
i wouldn't consider myself as having sensitive skin
my skin is sensitive, but?
the outside is very deceiving!
which can cause irritation on sensitive skin
this was too intense as a cleanser
tight even though it is supposed to be gentle
that would be gentle enough for my sensitive skin
normally my skin is pretty clear.
shiseido's stuff are usually quite mild
i find this cleanser incredibly drying
the smell was very strong
the fragrance is way too strong for my scent sensitive nose
this is described as gentle
which are naturally dark
it's also very pricey.
it was also strongly fragranced.
i don't have particularly sensitive skin
i found the scent to be quite strong
i usually have mild
even though my skin isn't typically picky
especially considering that the other ibuki moisturizer was fine for my skin
i feel that my skin absorbs it fairly quickly
does not make my sensitive skin break out
it also has a very strong fragrance due to so many of the essential oils that it contains as ingredients
the formula is also pretty heavy
generally i have more oily skin
unfortunately it is like most moisturizers that are a fraction of the cost
it is not ideal if you have sensitive skin
again, i have sensitive skin.
some very fine lines
as an aside, the packaging is very overdone.
a big clunky container that is impractical for traveling
my eyes are not sensitive to eye creams normally
especially since it is quite costly
i found it very irritating and hard to absorb.
i am 25 with really sensitive skin
not too thick not too thin.
it was working very well
would not recommend for sensitive skin.
it was quite revolting.
is fine for sensitive skin
it was too thin
especially for the money
which i only ever use on the very rare occasion i use some make up
comes off quite easily
it was too greasy for my sensitive skin
my skin is sensitive
definitely don't recommend if you have sensitive eyes
it is incredibly gentle though
not for a sensitive skin for sure
or has sensitive skin
does make the skin feel somewhat sticky
the scent is really overwhelmingly strong
my skin got extremely patchy
avoid this if you are sensitive to fragrance.
the scent is a bit too heavy
if you're prone to milia then this is not the product for you as it is very very heavy
it was very annoying
water which is very frustrating
my skin is very fair -- in other words
gel's tend to be too light
creams can be too heavy
especially when you factor in the price tag
caused my nonreactive skin to become sensitive.
i love most algenist products
the fragrance is very strong and i disliked it.
it is non irritating
however it is incredibly hard to peel off
is incredibly difficult to spread on
at a very tiring cost
this product was pretty irritating to it
it's definitely not fit for very sensitive skin like mine
i've heard fab's regular face cleanser is better for sensitive skin
t was very difficult to peel off
very satisfying to peel off
incredibly difficult to peel off
also very difficult to peel off.
is definitely safe for sensitive skin
always the same result: most of my pores remained clogged
it didn't irritate my sensitive skin
it goes on pretty thin
i think it's incredibly effective
especially around my nose
especially under my eyes
it did not irritate my sensitive skin
it isn't overly drying
i don't feel exceptionally clean after i use this
the first maybe 5 days was very very bright
it is clumsy, fussy and hard to work.
especially it being pricey!
this was not for my sensitive acne prone skin.
those are less important to me because it is a night treatment
it isn't super hydrating or super powerful against dark circles
wouldn't recommend to people who have sensitive or allergy prone skin
we typically are more genetically prone to having difficult under eyes
it is very expensive for something not outst
less expensive products out there
especially in the summer
this is extremely greasy
i found it extremely greasy.
this may work well for someone with very very dry skin
note** i didn't not have a sensitive skin.
which isn't super important to me usually
it was very oily
it would be great for those who have very dry or mature skin
this is a very intense moisturizer.
my skin is never sensitive
my skin felt very sensitive
it feels so tender
it's extremely expensive for what it is
s somewhat difficult to moisturize any areas because it is so thick
this was super heavy on me
particularly during the winter
goes on very smooth
i do not have sensitive skin at all
as someone with very sensitive skin it's always risky to try a new skin product
i also found the smell to be unpleasant--it was too strong
especially for sensitive skin
very steep for what you are getting
awfully expensive cream to just use for that.
in anticipation of loving this expensive product
the product is very thick.
i actually love most of cadualie products
doesn't irritate my contacts, which is rare.
it almost seemed like it made my face more sensitive with continued use
this stings quite terribly
i do not have especially sensitive skin or eyes
this product was recommended to me by a sephora employee because it's supposed to be good for sensitive skin
may be great for some people's sensitive skin
i told the sales associate i have extremely sensitive skin
it removed make up fairly well
this would probably be great for someone with non-sensitive skin
it can still irritate some sensitive skin types
reasonably priced compared to some other cleansing oils
particularly any eye makeup
less expensive products out there
i am relatively sure it was this cleanser
this cleanser broke me out terribly.
pretty effective as a remover
this works very well to remove makeup
i normally don't have sensitive eyes
not to mention it doesnt tackle the most important makeup remover thing
especially since it's by nars
it is very pricey
it is so expensive
the product it's self is very hard
my face becomes very sticky after i apply it
the formula is very smooth on my skin
very smooth on skin
it's not very pleasant during application
especially for my sensitive skin
i admittedly am new to a lancome product.
good for sensitive skin
it's very lightweight and non-oily.
i do not have sensitive skin, not at all.
this product is quite thick and oil for me.
i would say this face moisturizer would be best for somebody with sensitive skin
i used a very inexpensive $20 mask from a different br
both times my skin did not react fairly
i may be too sensitive for it.
i need to steer clear of pushy sales women.
who said it is very over-rated
it was a very soothing
i will never purchase this product because it is packaged in a way that destroys the sensitive ingredients very quickly
the only positive thing i can say is that it did not cause my highly reactive skin to break out
which is mildly entertaining
especially given how pricey it is
it looked very greasy
the 'medium/deep' color was still relatively light
it was very irritating
it doesn't irritate my eyes which are very sensitive
nice light scentcons: needs a fairly large amount of product to cover face
does not show improvement to my sensitive eyes
does seem to very mildly brighten
after apply this my sensitive
i find it difficult to use
did not break out my skin or cause my sensitive skin to react
this cleanser is very heavy and overly perfumed.
i found it highly irritating on my skin
i don't even have sensitive skin
have a somewhat sensitive skin
especially because i'm on a budget
not recommended for sensitive skin
beware if you have sensitive skin!
the scent is very light.
im not a sensitive skin
super red in areas
the only thing this product really does is leave your skin extremely soft
so use with caution for sensitive skin
it seems like this mask has polarizing effects
a very rare thing for me
i do not have sensitive skin.
great for sensitive skin
sensitivity is not an issue go for this cleanser
for sensitive eyed folks
if you are not sensitive
particularly if you have more oily skin
if you're one of those people have more sensitive skin this isn't for you
however after a few days my skin became increasingly red
my skin isn't even that sensitive
this cleanser was terrible for my sensitive congested skin
the actual texture is very thick
not overly drying kind of clean
im normally very oily so this was a complete surprise
it also left it feeling very tight
because i have really sensitive skin
it does not cover very well
this foundation is very watery
remarkably good coverage for such a light product
it is very watery
this is a very easy to apply
my skin is really sensitive
i don't have sensitive skin
if you are prone to breakouts
i don't have sensitive skin
i do not have sensitive skin
my skin isn't even that sensitive.
my skin isn't sensitive
i don't have sensitive skin
a definite no for sensitive skin.
the formula was very liquid
it is very light
why companies need to put so much perfume in products that we are putting on delicate skin
it is not extremely viscous hence it is easy to apply an even layer to the face
also i got very oily during the day.
i don't have sensitive skin.
this product is expensive
i did want to like this product since it came highly recommended
especially for the price
this eye cream is very average
it is very light
my eyes are usually not sensitive
this is important to me so that i don't over stress or tug on the delicate skin surrounding my eyes
this is very comfortable when applied.
as most fresh products
it is very very greasy
this is also the most expensive serum i've used
not only the most ineffective
i also wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin.
especially not for the price
i agreed it was very slimy
the product works very well
i do not have overly sensitive skin.
i am not usually sensitive to cream or perfumes
this line is so heavily fragranced that if you are sensitive avoid it
very expensive for the bad effects.
once there it was very greasy
after a couple days my undereye area got incredibly flakey
sensitive skin stay away.
i am not sensitive to smells at all
usually i'm not sensitive to smells so this was pretty surprising to me
it made my skin feel extremely itchy
this mask is not for sensitive skin!
i would not recommend if you have sensitive or problem prone skin
does its job in terms of cleaning pores deeply
i dont even have sensitive skin
not too harsh for my sensitive skin
the smell is very strong too.
not for sensitive skin seriously
maybe i am sensitive to one of the ingredients
especially for the price
the product is very sticky
takes an extremely long time to even set in
it dries fairly quickly to a lightly tacky state.
the product was very tacky
it also left my eyes very sticky.
i found my sensitive contact-lense wearing eyes did not like it
when i was perhaps overly generous with product
should be relatively quick
it is also extremely sticky.
this is just uncomfortable
this product is very sticky
normally i only have very light bags
once applied it feels extremely sticky
it is very easy to use
also found the consistency very sticky.
it also has this very strong fake cucumber scent that was just unpleasant
this gel is very sticky.
this eye gel was too sticky to the point of being uncomfortable to wear at night
the gel is, however, very cooling.
it is super sticky
my face would tend to get very red after use.
can be harsh on sensitive skin.
i'd say if you have more tolerant skin this would be a great exfoliating mask
great exfoliationcons: really stings my sometimes-sensitive skin
i do not have sensitive skin at all
this cleanser came highly recommended by the sales staff
this cleanser is incredibly drying
not intended for sensitive skin
it turned out to be extremely drying for my skin
my face is now extremely dry
i don't recommend if you have sensitive skin.
however it's extremely drying.
it was extremely uncomfortable
oilier, less sensitive skin might love this.
be cautious if you're sensitive or dry to begin with
it was very oily
anyone with sensitive eyes should probably avoid this
it also has dimethicone pretty high on the ingredient list
especially at this price point.
this product is very heavily perfumed
i am not typically very sensitive to face products
ok for a very expensive/heavily perfumed moisturizer appropriate for dry/normal skin
anyone sensitive to fragrance should stay away.
if you are not scent sensitive this cream may be for you
the scent is very
i don't even have super sensitive skin
it is way too expensive for me to purchase regularly
especially for the price
this serum is so unbelievably stinky
just after a few days of use my pores are extremely clogged
very little results, high price.
it's better off using the highly reviewed
every time i use this my skin is incredibly dry to where i'm uncomfortable
this generally works nicely.
my skin is not sensitive
though it is very pretty
it is however very hydrating, and applies easily.
my eyes are really sensitive tho
it irritated my sensitive skin
was difficult to wash off
the smell was so powerful and so nasty.
this is a very expensive product if it expires so quickly
unfortunately i think it was a little too harsh for my sensitive
since its somewhat expensive
i wouldn't have described myself as having sensitive skin
i wouldn't recommend this product to sensitive skin types
le quite harsh products
although i usually only use their products marketed for sensitive skin
it's probably because i have sensitive skin
it is not a helpful product
said that was good for sensitive skin
especially in summer time
i would generally not recommend to use it too often
i personally use it on rare occasions
so i would approach this product carefully.
which is extremely drying
this product is very hyped
sadly this expensive thing is the culprit :
i don't think this lotion is good for sensitive skin
the worker spoke highly of it
will work best for sensitive skin
i generally like algenist products.
it is so complicated to use
i normally enjoy algenist products
especially around the eyes
the product is pretty pricey.
kind of difficult to rinse completely--
this stuff is not good for sensitive skin at all.
especially for an eye cream
it was too heavy, yet not very emollient.
anti-aging promises sound very promising
she said that my eyes looked "unusually small"
extremely overpriced for a mediocre product.
i think this product is too rich for my skin type
this cream is too rich for me.
this cleanser is very difficult to wash off
very very odd face wash.
plus it is super expensive.
this is certainly gentle and ease one step use.
aggravated my sensitive skin in the process of heat
my skin is normally very well-behaved
even the tiniest breakout for me has always been incredibly rare
it generally works as advertised
it removes face makeup quite well
it is however very gentle on your eyes.
also my sensitive skin didn't like it
most likely will cause breakouts
if you are prone to breakouts of have sensitive skin
extremely disappointing as i typically love the br
extremely terrible value for the price.
especially for how expensive it is
most likely i was heavy h
does not irritate my sensitive combination skin
for me, this was grossly heavy and oily.
very impractical and dangerous applicator .
i found this product to be incredibly drying during the day
it has very whisper thin consistency
my skin is oil /sensitive
my skin become extremely greasy
origins is such a popular br
the next morning i was extremely shiny
very surprising as i tend to like origins.
i kept using it because i know that my skin can be sensitive
also very hard to blend in your skin
sensitive bad acne prone skin
t's very difficult to squeeze out
i usually do fine with most of them
it does have a fairly strong scent
it's a good skin cleanser for sensitive skin
even though it specifically says in description that it 'removes even the most intense makeup'
there is nothing i like about it particularly or dislike
the product does not clean skin very well
also, the pump top was very difficult to use.
mildly enjoyed these free samples
it may be great for moist environments.
all your left with is a very expensive moisturizer
this thing is too expensive
not expensive at all
mildly enjoyed these free samples
so most of what i put on my face was only the clear part of the serum which i don't believe there is anything extraordinarily beneficial in
probably help with the hyper-pigmentation
t's comparably expensive with no obvious effects at all
particularly an expensive one
what most important is
my skin is not sensitive at all
the product absorbs very fast so you should spot apply it if i were you
this is very greasy- mind you i am very comfortable using oils etc
my skin is like that with most oils though
strangely enough very drying
not an ingredient i would deem for all sensitive skin types
my skin type is mix and sensative.
especially since it was so spendy
if you are sensitive, you should skip this.
irritated my eyes terribly
particularly in the t zone
i don't have sensitive skin
especially for the price
it's very unusual feeling
i don't have sensitive skin either
or my expression lines are too deeply imbedded
being 56 (although a somewhat well preserved 56!)
which very rarely happens to me
don't waste your money on this very expensive peoduct
i don't have sensitive skin
the past week i've noticed that my skin has gotten extremely oily
i do not recommend this product to anyone with sensitive skin
extremely defective packaging that they should fix especially for the price
definitely do not recommend for sensitive skin with acne prone
the oil is very thick
it is hugely expensive too...
the amount of fragrance is extremely irritating to the skin
my skin reacted very badly due to the high amount of fragrance which is just no good especially for sensitive skin
so overall it was not good for my combination sensitive skin
i think this is just too much for sensitive skin
this moisturizer felt very heavy
for me that is on the uncomfortable side
non sensitive skin i guess
my skin is sensitive
just be careful if you have sensitive dry skin
dont think it is super sensitive
my skin was sadly very oily from this product.
especially from the name
because the sephora employee i spoke with recommended it so highly
it did not irritate my sensitive skin which was a plus
very hydrating, exceptionally gentle.
i gave it 2 points rather than 1 because i have very sensitive skin
the texture is too thin so difficult to use
however my skin is very sensitive
i rarely have any breakouts
honestly don't recommend it to people with very sensitive skin
it's perfect for sensitive skin
do not recommend senstive acne prone skin
the smell is very strong
it is quite sticky
otherwise i have pretty clear skin with large pores
it made my face feel extremely tight
for the very expensive price tag i'm going to use it up
i should note that i have oily, sensitive skin.
wouldn't recommend for sensitive or problem skin
it is very harsh on the skin
it is incredibly drying.
it's extremely drying to the point that my skin feels tight
i found it to be messy to both use
very expensive for soap.
not sure if it is good for sensitive skin
maybe i have sensitive skin?
as i am very curious to see how the marula oil works on my usually normal
i don't know if that part of the skin is just especially sensitive
it isn't too heavy
primarily for sensitive skin
is suitable for vegetarians
the design of the bottle is extremely terrible
i used this cleanser it tried my face very horribly
do not wast your money very expensive non working eye cream
my skin type is sensitive.
the one positive thing i can say is that it makes my skin incredibly soft
the product was very soothing
is very hard to clean out
my skin felt extremely smooth
it's too pointy for the delicate eye area
one of my rare returns to sephora.
it's also such a small tube for such an expensive product
also be aware that it is highly scented
this does de-puff fairly well as described
it's a lot like most products for the skin by benefit
this is expensive packaging.
the metal tip isn't very eye friendly
has very strong spf smell
this is very abrasive.
but drying, overly strong cleansing ingredients.
my skin is so tight
as someone who is very sensitive to smells
it is gentle as well.
my skin usually responds very well to clinique's products
i found this product to be extremely drying
leaving it very tight
due to the extremely high cost i returned it.
especially, if you are sensitive to scents.
paula begone's website also rated this poorly because it's so highly scented
except for the fact that i have sensitive skin
the fragrance is too strong.
i do not have very sensitive skin
how non-greasy it was
i rated two stars instead of one only because the product applies incredibly smooth
i don't have sensitive skin
if your overly sensitive watch out
it was extremely goopy
leaves your face extremely smooth
may be an issue for those extremely sensitive to scent
it has not been at all helpful for my skin
it also feels extremely goopy on
my neck is not as sensitive as my face
it is difficult to remove
especially the un-wrinkle peel pads
my skin is pretty firm
i think because i'm sensitive.
i applied it moderately thick
note: i sometimes have sensitive skin
i've never considered myself to have sensitive skin
it was ok for sensitive skin
it's disappointing because i told the worker that my skin is very sensitive
i just do not recommend this product to people with sensitive skin at all
it is overly drying
this is definitely not for sensitive skin.
my skin turned incredibly scaly/flaky
t was extremely drying
it's a very smooth application
am rarely sensitive to different cleansers
that i realized that it was for all skin types except sensitive
which is a disaster for those with sensitive skin
it does clean very well
use sparingly as indicated on bottle if sensitive
this cleanser is very gentle
my skin became very sensitive
i don't have sensitive skin
is not very smooth once applied
the price is also very high
i don't have sensitive skin whatsoever
well it is very expensive
it was also too strong
stung my sensitve under eye area
it was also quite difficult to remove the white film it left
they are genetic which makes it particularly difficult to find a product
outrageously expensive way to receive zero results
this one doesn't seem to be very effective
have very sensative skin
also because its pretty expensive
it also seems to be drying the delicate under eye skin
so this stuff was incredibly expensive.
this product was very intense would not recommend if you have sensitive or reactive skin
it left my skin super sensitive
now dealing with a skin condition known as milia
it is so effective
i do not recommend this if you have any of following: sensitive skin or acne prone skin
it was also heavily scented
if your skin is even remotely sensitive this product is not for you
10 minutes after use my face was incredibly blotchy
it's a very thin crack
this is too "gentle" for me
most definitely to harsh for daily use
it was too harsh.
left my delicate skin a little tight
it might be due to my sensitive skin
it was difficult to foam
i do not have sensitive skin
my skin feels very tight
it felt super tight
it made my face very itchy
this product is too harsh on the skin.
i typically have sensitive skin anyways
she doesn't have sensitive skin
my skin is not sensitive
that it was very lightweight
the texture was also very refreshing.
i highly recommend try it for couple times before buying
feels very refreshing upon application
my eyes have become somewhat sensitive
i want to add that i don't have particularly sensitive skin
firstly, the texture is very thin.
my skin is "kinda" sensitive.
i normally shy away from heavily scented products for my face
the scent is way too strong
it also contains some oils that are known to be irritating
however very overpriced to remove makeup
otherwise i would recommend the product to those with non-sensitive areas
however, my skin reacted terribly.
my skin isn't that sensitive
how fast i'd have to go through that bottle because it's not the most effective
i would highly recommend it
- it is so heavy
this product is somewhat greasy for my combination skin
especially for the price.
second, its very sticky.
the bottle is expensive also
avoid it if you are sensitive to smell
this was highly recommended to me by a sephora sales member for dark spots related to my pregnancies
this formulation is a skip for my sensitive skin
also, the scent is too strong
the texture was immensely sticky.
however the off point of this product is that it has this very "caramel
it is a bit too abrasive for my sensitive/normal skin
perhaps it works well on an extremely oily skin
i highly do not recommend this product.
this gave me such an unpleasant
i highly disapprove this cleanser :
but unfortunately, it was not suitable for skin.
my skin is very sensitive and finicky.
it feels somewhat refreshing when i apply it
i highly doubt i'll be purchasing this again
the texture is extremely weird
very difficult to pick up an appropriate amount from the jar
i would not recommend this for those with sensitive or reactive skin
i find it quite messy to apply
the smell is quite enticing too!
it works nicely on my sensitive skin.
they are so gentle and do the job.
this product is very irritating for sensitive skin
or you just use very little if your skin is sensitive
unfortunately i have dry/somewhat sensitive skin
not even close to sensitive as other people i know
it was *far* too abrasive
it seems overly expensive for what it does
especially in the long term
their very light my pores are still big
well it made my makeup very difficult to apply
until i found out that i'm actually very sensitive to titanium dioxide
my skin is prone to breakouts
can be quite reactive
so beware if you are sensitive--try a sample first
assumed it was by those who were highly sensitive
not particularly easily impressed with every product that crosses my skin care bag
especially for the price
sold it very well
it was the most expensive one
especially for the price
had issues with this being terribly drying.
especially for the price
as my skin is extremely dry
the new formula is overly perfumed
i definitely would not recommend this for anyone with sensitive or dry skin
wouldn't recommend for someone with a sensitive eye area
first of all it's pretty expensive for such a small amount
this medication makes skin extremely dry
definitely try a sample first especially when it comes to eye creams because they are tricky to shop for
it is not rich at all.
it's very very gentle , foamy and basic !!
i am 22 years old with sensitive combo skin
its a bit sensitive because i have a bit of rosacea
for the price it's highly disappointing.
it was just as equally red
but was too heavy for my skin type.
always get a sample first with these extremely expensive products
first of all these ingredients are super strong.
after about a week or so my skin became super sensitive
i don't think this is good for sensitive skin
very heavy and def not good as a primer.
it is important to share my experience too
it feels very similar to the smashbox primer
too costly a mistake for me.
it's an overwhelmingly strong
as i'm relatively sensitive to super strong perfumes
as most other primers
it needs to be priced appropriately
is most of the day pretty matte
/or sensitive skin may find it helpful
it most certainly is not mattifying
imperfections however within the following 20 minutes it becomes extremely oily
i do love that it's very lightweight
this product was highly recommended by the csr
though it didn't aggravate my acne or sensitive skin
i recently purchased this because i have extremely oily skin
i especially like the applicator
it is very light weight which is nice
actually appear oily which is rare for me
this is a very heavy cream
i felt like the product was very heavy
extremely oily on my skin
not expensive at all
t is very important for me that my moisturizer is not only effective
it is very heavy and does not absorb well.
it is very foamy
the sa recommend this product for my oily sensitive skin
don't think it is very effective
my skin is not sensitive
i usually have fairly normal skin with a tendency to become oily if not taken care of
since it's such a small amount of product for a pretty high price
my skin is not sensitive to the majority of products i use
its just wayy too lightweight for me
it does not aggravate my sensitive skin or cause breakouts
the packaging is ridiculously bulky
sensitive skin with occasional breakouts
overly priced and does not give any results.
under eye areas are extremely thin
it was super messy
would not recommend for sensitive skin.
it is difficult to get off
it was gentle on my sensitive skin
mask is very difficult to peel off.
this is a very expensive flop
was not even an effective moisturizer :
are still very present
i don't have sensitive skin or anything
they are still flaky
my dark circles are still very dark
however it is very light
the description is super vague.
i like to think i don't have sensitive skin
for the most part it's normal
it was very hard to squirt.
the downside is it seems to be extremely drying.
skin is very tight
too harsh for everyday use
sensitive skin that's beat up from an active lifestyle
it felt similarly to when i rinse of the mask.
the pump on this one is very awkward
my skin is normally combination
especially for the value
it was very mattifying
not attractive at all
i don't have sensitive skin
is very hard to blend into the skin
causes me to sweat excessively
which was very uncomfortable
especially after i applied makeup
this mousturizer if fairly thick
although it's supposed to be suited for sensitive skin
this has happened to me in the past when i've used products that are too strongly formulated for my sensitive skin
and too expensive to have these flaws!
this product is very thick
it was very hard to apply
the employee at sephora highly recommended everything from their line
it left my sensitive combination skin looking
having use their ultra repair for the body religiously
it sweats out very very easily
it's not durable at all
it is very thick
this cream is very heavy
like an overtly chemical smell
which made it difficult to work with
saw how highly peoplespoke of this masked
i don't break out very often
it didn't irritate my sensitive skin at all
it was very pleasant
spreading this cleanser was difficult
it does have a very light
its very light almost like water.
i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone with overly sensitive
i tend to have sensitive skin
sensitive skin like me
it just isn't suitable to layer over my acne treatment
it has such a strong smell
it's too strongly fragranced
if you're sensitive to scents
i would not recommend for very sensitive skin.
very red skin after that.
usually find it very effective
an associate recommended it for my sensitive skin
which often has flaky patches
it works very well.
the ingredients seemed fairly harmless
intense for my hyper-sensitive skin
this is a very thick oil
likely suitable for very
i can see this working well for less sensitive
i am in my twenties with somewhat of sensitive dehydrated combination skin if that can give you an idea of my skin type
it is really expensive
sensitive skin as well as the juno oil
definitely quite pungent and it lingers as well.
i find this line of oils to be extremely overrated
i found this oil to be very thick
neither did i find the oil to be particularly moisturizing either despite it advertising that is extremely hydrating
very rarely a pimple in sight
it absorbs very well
especially below my eyes
like others say the consistently is sticky
i am an individual with combination/acne prone skin who is very active in the korean beauty world
the formula is somewhat sticky
since this product is so highly rated i thought it would do wonders for my dry
t is highly scented which made it feel like i was applying chemicals to my face
takes off eye makeup very well
it wasn't very effective as a first step cleanser
while this does remove most makeup
moisturizingcons: difficult to learn how to use
however, the smell is too strong.
it also caused me to break out terribly
especially not for acne-prone skin
very very acne prone
it was very effective at removing makeup
i don't have sensitive skin at all
i don't have sensitive skin
the application of the treatment is awkward
this product is pretty gentle
especially given the packaging
they're all so expensive
it is highly scented though if you have sensitive skin
my skin is so sensitive it broke me out :/ love how cooling
recommend it for people that are not acne prone
the oil is light and it absorbs very well.
it also has a very strong fragrance.
especially since it is quite pricey.
the mask was extremely drying even after applying moisturizer
have highly reactive skin
i always use 2 masks
i would highly recommend this
think it makes my skin more sensitive to the sun
it made my skin extremely red
i think people with sensitive skin should avoid this mask
for the most part still textured
this product was too gentle.
the texture is very heavy
i would highly not recommend this to anyone.
it made me extremely oily.
they are the most effective of those that i've tried
felt very heavy on my skin
i don't find it particularly special
while it does remove my foundation very well
this cleanser was very frustrating to use.
it was tough to control the amount
the oil itself is extremely drying to my skin
it squirts out very fast too
for those with sensitivities
i get milia very easily around my eyes.
i'd like to use it often to see results
something that seems counterproductive
t's hard to smooth it over the face fast enough
so take care if you have very sensitive or reactive skin
it's a very light formula
the first laser was not uncomfortable to use
the new laser is pretty uncomfortable to use
if you aren't sensitive to cones
my skin is quite sensitive
i would expect a product that calms all skin types- especially sensitive
most of ptr's items are very good--expensive
it's very heavy on the skin
my skin often still feels tight
leaves my skin extremely sticky
the employee highly recommended me this one
smell is not too appealing either.
it was very sticky
also be cautious to apply only to the eye orbit because it stings terribly if it gets in your eyes
not for very sensitive skin
absorbs extremely fast leaving my skin surprisingly dry
it smelt very strongly of sake
this would be great for very oily skin because it's super light
my skin is not sensitive
it was too sticky
smell is very subtle and not unpleasant at all.
this moisturizer was highly recommended by a sephora associate
some are less expensive
i generally love boscia's product
i generally don't have sensitive skin
it's somewhat sticky after application
especially considering the price
i normally have very clear skin
i do recommend it to my clients that have extremely dry skin
the product is very sticky it is not a soft effect visually it's got a good effect
my skin is too sensitive for the product my t zone is flared up
this is a very cool product!
the gel was very refreshing upon application
the scent is extremely overwhelming too.
it makes my skin feel extremely dry
if you are sensitive to skin care products
it wore terribly under makeup
would not recommend to people who are sensitive to smells
it is quite thick
i normally love l'occitane products
this eye cream is too light.
it gave me the most aggressive breakout to date
be very careful if you have sensitive skin or oily skin
i believe the line "it made me breakout" is overly exaggerated on sephora reviews
i also found the fragrance in this one to be very strong
the cream is too heavy
it does have a very strong fragrance
my skin is very smooth
because i generally love l'occitane products
my skin was very
this was supposed to be the most gentle
great for sensitive skin
my skin isn't usually sensitive
regular use is just too harsh on my sensitive
i do not recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin or who is prone to breakouts
sensitive skin users be aware!
not to mention very strange formula.
sensitive skin so when a product says it's deeply hydrating
it's also very sticky
i normally use products with very minimal
wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin or anyone with larger pores
it was too sticky
i would be very careful before buying this.
for a product so expensive
too much fragrance for sensitive skin.
i don't recommend this if your skin is sensitive or if you have really sensitive eyes
first off this moisturizer has an extremely strong smell
(combination to dry, highly sensitive)
it seemed like a very easy serum to use
not irritating to sensitive skin
i've always searched for a product to smooth out my sensitive redness
be careful if you are sensitive to alcohol.
actually it will make your skin more sensitive in long term :
it is not for sensitive skin!
the packaging is cheap, bulky, and awkward.
a rich moisturizer truly fit for sensitive skin that won't clog my pores
it is super expensive
i wouldn't say i have sensitive skin because it worked
i won't repurchase this very expensive product
how such a poorly designed
ridiculously expensive product has sephora's reputation attached
it is very lightweight
great for sensitive skin.
over powering for someone that's sensitive to scents like i am
this mask did not irritate my sensitive skin
to my surprise it was extremely drying
not good for sensitive skin.
as it was too sticky
even if you are careful to put on a very thin layer
which is difficult because of it's texture
the consistency is very unusual
though it is very soothing
the one thing that did work was it didn't irritate my super sensitive skin which is rare for me
the description says it's lightweight
i found it too heavy for my combination skin
it is very thick, heavy and greasy.
this is very sticky
very hard on face when applied
didn't absorb very well at all
it was very thick but it did spread well.
also has a very strong unpleasant smell
this product is probably great if you have extremely dry skin
helps to very minimally blur some fine lines
packaging is very well done
gentle on sensitive skincons: doesn't remove all makeup
breathe in deeply because the scent was so light
it appears my skin seems to be ultra sensitive to anything with coconut oil in it
even though it says it is for acne be careful
not heavy, not light, very average.
i also found it somewhat irritating that i had to mix up the product very thoroughly every time i used it
i don't have that sensitive of skin
disappointing, especially for the price.
especially in regards to acne
the smell is very unappealing
strong smell, not too unpleasant.
it has the most poorly designed jar possible
especially around my sensitive-to-everything eyes
it worries me as the undereye area is quite sensitive
not sure if i'm sensitive to something in it
relatively affordable price point
my skin is not usually sensitive
many people are loving it
unfortunately i highly disliked it.
especially when it costs $80
this is highly spoken of
leaves my face extremely sticky
it feels very sticky also.
it was just a very unpleasant experience all around
as it's highly comedogenic
first my skin is not sensitive.
it also has a very strong odor
which i try to stay away from because my skin is sensitive
this product might work for someone with extremely oily skin who isn't sensitive to fragrance
i would only recommend only for someone with overly sensitive skin that barely wears cosmetics
i would reccomend this for anyone that has extreamly sensitive skin
far too gentle for my skin
it might work for someone with sensitive skin
it is entirely too strong
in an unhealthy way
this product is very hip
this product is gentle for my sensitive skin so that's a plus
f you have sensitive skin be careful
i will not be recommending this product for any sensitive skin
it is so highly scented that i cannot use it
this was too expensive for such a poor product.
this is a really expensive product
i would never recommend this to anyone especially if you have acne scarring/sensitive skin/texture
it most definitely is not "rapid
being someone who is highly tolerant to odorous products
the fragrance is very strong
the fragrance added to this was very powerful
like drunk elephant or skinceutials if you have sensitive
i don't even have sensitive skin type
the ingredients are way to harsh for sensitive skin
which is moderately/highly comedogenic
i generally don't use scrubs because they're too harsh on my sensitive skin
not ideal for sensitive skin
as you see some of the one stars are mostly people with sensitive skin
do not spend this money if your skin is sensitive
i do not recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin
this just isn't it for us sensitive people
is good for sensitive skin
this was good for my sensitive skin it wasn't harsh
especially in the eye area
my skin is not sensitive
i highly recommend the other one
also cleared up by acne very well
very gentle for my sensitive skin
i highly don't recommend it at all
i would not recommend for sensitive skin at all.
i take extremely good care of my skin
also very sensitive skin
i don't consider my skin to be sensitive
it was very sensitive to this product
this will be a very rare return to sephora for me
may be good for extra sensitive skin
this is very grainy which makes it questionable to use every day especially around the eyes
especially when that price tag
used this pretty religiously
an odd thing is that that container is ridiculously large
especially for the price
feels good on my sensitive skin
the product is very light
you have to be careful with this.
i don't recommend it for sensitive skin.
the sponge was too harsh for my sensitive skin
this cleanser is very good for make up removal
the tube itself is very rigid
this is actually a heavily fragranced product.
removed the most stubborn makeup
this product was very gentle on my skin.
