the bottle stops delivering the product when there is at least a third left
which means you have to dig it out or slam it out
my face is breaking out more
i just can't stop breaking out on my cheek area which that never happened before
it made me break out so badly
had to wash it off
none of it actually sunk in
relief didn't last very long
it also balled up on random parts of my face.
as soon as i put it on i immediately washed it off
the product firmed my skin like it was supposed to
when i put it on after 5 minutes i can see this blue tint left over
even after taking it off i had to wash my face multiple times to get rid of the smell
it took a while to work
i ended up returning this.
at first i was in love because it was so thick
i found that if i touched my face this stuff would pill
come off in little balls
i used this which calmed it all down
kind of made me break out
knocked off two stars for no results even after a period of time
got this in my play box
it did work amazingly when i first used it for the first to around third time
around where i applied
the first time i used it i felt a burning sensation
when i took it off
my face was really hot
i also broke out
in the end i decided this gave me zero benefits
wanted to switch to this mask for something more lifting
after giving it a shot
finally got my h
tried it right away
tried this mask 2x a week until the entire container ran out
i took it home
i followed the directions.
i got the mask in a value pack the other day
i did find it firmed my skin however i broke out.
when i got this in my play!
when i took the mask off my skin looked
at first i was impressed with the smell then i couldn't get the mask off
after using this face mask
that doesn't last once it's removed
it practically peeled off in one piece
and no, i'm not putting it near my mouth!
it had a terrible burning sensation when i first put it on that stopped as it dried down
box so i'm not out $69.
sticking to my glamglow supermud mask instead.
while it went on nicely
maybe it helped pulling dead skin off in the peel part
after that my skin returned to normal
i've used about a third of the bottle
seemed extremely sticky as if it sat on top of my skin all day
i prefer to use my finger which then defeats the purpose of this product
didn't break me out
it did eventually dry for me
it made my face sting a bit when i put it on -- not horribly so
this went never really absorbed into the skin
i'll stick to first aid beauty's other
however, it started to break me out.
tried it after washing my face
i waited around for it to absorb into my skin
i eventually have to just wash it off because it was
when i stopped using it
i gave this serum a shot two times.
i went through a bottle of this over the summer
thought it agreed with me
i broke out after using this product twice.
i gave it a few stars for the container.
i found that when i put it on
i ended up returning the product as for the price
i got this with my 100 points
i apply this onto my face
i will say i broke out more while trying the smoke tube i received of it
this broke me out slightly
i stopped using relatively quickly
two of my friends also broke out from using this.
he felt that his skin was dry after using it too
it went on smooth
i break out when i use this
instead it made me break out.
it made me break out so much that i felt i'd been transported back to 8th grade
the minute i stopped using it
once i stopped using it the bumps all went away in a matter of a day
however it just stayed too sticky for a while after applying
every time you push the top down to close it
the tip really should have been a metal ball to truly help de puff
whatever was left on the ball
i would just wipe off with my finger
i liked that it came in a tube since most eye creams come in a jar
i didn't noticed it balling up or wanting to come off whenever i wore makeup
was it started giving me blocked pores
when i stopped using this eye cream
they stopped coming back
otherwise i'd throw it away.
it wasn't that dark to start with
just sits on top
the tube also ended up getting pretty messy with the design of it
then you have to re open the top
if when i run out
i got this with my points.
worse closing it forces out the same amount
had to transfer it into a container
i wish i had known about their return policy before i threw it out
it burned the first time i used it
bottom of my travel bag
thought it was an okay eye cream
i will have to cut it open to use what's left
i tried this in my play box
this is sealed shut
i returned them both
made my under eye make up ball up and really dry.
when you push the cap back
the round cap does not help.
got it as a point perk.
has made me a little nervous to try the rest of the pep-start line
it made my skin break out horribly.
i too it back to sephora
this one made me break out really badly
when i stopped using it
then it was fine
if it made me break out
it made my skin break out
every time i put it on it runs into my eyes then stings which causes tearing
so drove 15 miles to another one
sadly, it broke me out so had to take it back.
disappeared leaving my skin feeling drier than before i put it on
after i had it on for a minute i felt a lot of stinging
i would have returned it!
i tried this product twice.
both times it burned quite badly as soon as i put the pads on top
this product didn't last more than 20 seconds before it was scalding hot under the pad
immediately took it off
i tried to use this on my lips
magically gave me 10x the fine lines under my eye in 15 minutes
this one goes in the trash
they just fell right off after a very short time
resumed using my other products
the bottle is almost gone
i threw it out!
also tried just my finger as well
no one has gave me another suggestion on it
when it became available to get with points
i jumped on it
also broke my skin out horribly.
this is a complete disappointment and a rip off.
when i applied my make-up over it
i ended up returning it
now that i’ve spent $100 on it i’m going to finish it
i can see a change in my left side near my mouth
i think i’ll survive using it until it’s finished
wrinkles formed where i never had them before
also when i tried putting cream over it
after consistent daily use it actually started giving me break outs
it pilled up on my face so much i had to wash it off
it was a big let down
spurred on by all the hype
it actually made me break out.
when i woke up the next day the skin on my nose was peeling
this cream made me break out
for me this was an instant return
i finally broke down
put it on the back of your h
have just finished the bottle
after shaking it into your h
half of it is wasted
it came out like foam
gave this product a shot
s to put on my face then
nothing where i needed to be rung out or running to the sink for a good wash
my skin looked nice immediately but did not last.
after using this "mask" it all went wrong
i still continued to break out using this
help me break out more
it's taken only 1 week for that weird dry/lcogged effect to go away
i finish the whole thing kept giving chances that it was gonna improve my face
when i went to wash it off it took a while to come off
had to keep washing it off
i left it on for about 5 mins before realizing my mistake
so i just bought my second bottle!
appears like there is a film left behind
this made my skin red and break out.
and then it sticks to it and is hard to get off.
it was so unpleasant i returned it.
when i first started using this i was extremely dry
my pores have stayed the same
it really made a mess of my skin after just a few days
the roller ball is difficult to get product out of
the first night i patched
by the next day my little lines were back too
third time i did the patches
the fine lines once again remained gone for about a day after patching
the fourth time i messed up the placement
ended up with that weird wrinkle again
since i have a ton left
i couldn't get a drop out of the roller ball
after 3 days it still is not coming out onto my skin
it went on smoothly
it just breaks away
i went to apply my foundation as normal
after a few minutes it pulls off
tried it twice then exchanged it for the ole henriksen sheer transformation cream
if i touched my face the product literally rubbed off
as in it peeled of my face.
across my face the product itself would start peeling off
the worst cream i ever tried
sometimes when putting it on
then it starts to ball up
it took weeks for my skin to go back to normal
my skin reacted horribly to this!
it made me break out in some areas
set out to try something new
it all balled up
it balled up all over my face
stopped because i was breaking out in explosive whiteheads all over my face
it also would ball up all over my face even if i put it on bare skin
then proceeded to break out in my t-zone.
either way, i went back to the one with spf.
broke me out over night
this broke me out and was super sticky and heavy.
i picked this up from the post office today
i really had high hopes for this face cream.
this cream went on smoothly enough.
the cream began to pill/ball up.
it was balling up
i am glad i got to try this before i dropped coins on the full product
the one that came in a tube
i really had high hopes for my jar of whipped argan oil face
after a few seconds of rubbing it on
shortly after it broke me out
i gave it a second try to make sure it was the cause
sure enough i broke out again
it didn't penetrate at all.
i just made my own.
was completely grossed out by the texture
after about two weeks later when i went back to use it my face broke out in little bumps that just wouldn't go away
two for the mask
it broke me out terribly though.
t's not like it was the first time i used a mask in a while
had a bunch of built up dirt
i've got a whole big tube to get through
is more off the mark
fresh after using it
lined using this product
this product didn't blow me away
the after taste in my mouth caused me to stop it immediately
my face seemed more oily by the end of the day.
i got major break outs still
i got this in my play box.
i got it in playbox
i got this product in the sephora play box.
the final verdict came when i rinsed off
got this in my play box.
im almost finished with the mask
it started burning my face after i took it off i washed my face with another product to get ride of the smell very disappointed
i got this in my play box
unfortunately it made me break out after just two uses
got this in my latest play!
my face gets irritated or i wake up the next day with break outs
i washed it off immediately.
i just hope my pores shrink back down in the coming days :/
this was a big miss
i broke out horribly
he did the face mask with me
the bottle says to leave it on for 15-20 min.
my experience left me with the opposite
it just sat on my skin and never dried down.
tried going in very light
it also messed up my makeup when i put it on.
i took a step back
i almost suffocated when i apply this
i can't get it out because the pump mechanism can't rise up to the very top of the bottle due to the rounded top
the pliers are coming out next.
neither replaces the lost
after i fell in love with it i started realizing it was breaking me out on my cheeks
where i never ever break out
i am down to the last third of the bottle
i've finally finished the entire bottle after using it consistently
unfortunately after short use, i broke out.
i've switched to using this only on my neck
tossed the product after noticing
then i broke out all over
passed it off to my partner thinking it was my sensitive skin reacting to it
he got all dried out
unfortunately, it went back.
then i started to get these horrible breakouts on my face
once i stopped using this
i decided to stick with bare minerals even after they revamped it
when i went to put this on
i continued to use this until the sample was half way gone
i've only ever had them on my nose
then i started using this product
i felt like it just sat on top of my face
i feel like i'm wasting product by clicking away to try
get a decent amount spread on my face
almost immediately my skin started to break out
it caused me to have the worst
then pat it in
i gave this a try
you click the bottom once or twice
the play box insert said this was ok for hair.
had to jump right back in the shower.
you're being seriously ripped off
tried it on my hair first
really pepped me up in the am
i decided to first try this in my
it managed to make it both weighed down
then i tried it all over as a body oil
i tried it on my elbows after reading a few reviews of other people's success with that area
good to wear around the house
melted during the day
tried putting it on rough parts of my body instead
it did not absorb into my skin but sat upon it.
the stick goes fast.
used it once and made me break out overnight.
that when i ran out of my face oil i decided to give this a try
or maybe i missed it
instead it made me break out so badly overnight
now i'm struggling to get it back
it goes away quickly
i only read one other review saying the smell happened later however my product smelled immediately after i opened it
following the suggestion to leave it in the fridge
after the initial water part evaporated
then i noticed this sticky film mess left behind
i also didn't care for the texture it left behind
guess who threw there cooling water out.
this barely did anything after the first 5 min
came melted to the top in my playbox so after losing half the product i really wasn't impressed
got this in my play box
i kept it in the fridge for a quick cool-me-down
i found if i swiped it over my foundation
there was a streak left behind
i think my makeup sat well on top of it
got it in my sephora play box
when i first applied it onto my skin
i got this in my play box
i've ended up having to wash my face shortly after because the cheese smell is too much
i tried it when i woke up
aside from the initial pleasant feeling
tacky on my skin after a few seconds
didn't fell the depuff effect
also made me break out with big pimples the next day
it didn't cause a break out
prepare to get a nasty shock when you touch your face later
i just can't make myself reach for it after the first few times
it did break out my chin
down to my foot cream
so this is going back to the store
this stuff made me more oily and broke me out.
to give it a good shot
it made my face look so greasy that i switched to only using it at night
my skin was more broken out
it was awful after using it
while it didn't break me out
caused my skin to break out even worse than before
it just broke me out even more.
my makeup would slide off in half the time
unfortunately i had to returned this product
almost immediately my skin started to clear up
this broke me out horribly
this did not break my face out
after i finished the bottle
it had already caused by entire face to go beat red
really just to get through the bottle
i used my beauty points to try this product out
i even tried this with origin face masks thinking
my mask went on smoothly
the play box was slightly bigger
gave it another shot
once you put the mask on top
a nice soft mist would would have kicked this up to 4 stars
sometimes it all ends up on the top part of my face
while it did help my mask go on smoothly
first off- i love masks.
i got this in the sephora play box
in my mind if the mask needs a primer than something's missing in the first place
seeiously didn't make a difference on how my mask went on
came off or how my face felt afterwards
instantly my skin felt like i just lit it on fire
got this in my sephora play box as the main attraction
then out a mask over it
the mask defeats the purpose of using a mask in the first place
this kind of stung my skin at first.
while it set up nicely for the mask
i got it in my play box
gave it a whirl with 2 masks that i own
since this came in my play box i decided to give it a try
when i tried it
it did cut the mask time in half
i've tried it with several masks
i'd rather put the money towards a better mask
this just dried me out
i tried using a half pump
then the real horror show began
gave away the entire bottle after one use.
this product missed the mark
lift the days dirt off the skin
i used it and at first it was fine.
after a week my face started to break out.
it ended up in the trash yesterday.
i broke out so bad from this product i could not even wear makeup for a while
i swear as soon as i started using this
i started breaking out more than ever
i tried it twice and same result.
it was really hard to get washed off all the way
it left a horrible film on my skin
with out make up
as i continued to use it i started breaking out
as soon as i stopped using it my face cleared up.
that alone ended my use of it
this particular product made me break out
i found that it made me break out more
with a bunch of break-outs as well
i gave it some time to see if my skin would calm down
instead they almost stick
bring the old line back...please!!
i really miss the old line!
it caused me to break out like a teenager.
i ended up being very disappointed
afterwards it is the worst my face as literally have ever felt
my skin started to tighten up
as it just kept foaming up
i noticed my face was very red after using it
my skin was finally cleared up
i eventually broke out in acne which hadn't happened in a long time
however, it seems to break me out.
i returned this one.
this one seemed to fit the bill when i first got it
i started using it
got it a bit close to my eyes for the first few applications
finally i saw the warning about applying too close to the eye
i completely avoided the area
so put off by this experience
this oil burned when i applied it.
my skin calmed down
when i patted my cream on
it brought back the burn
made me break out and didn't brighten up my skin.
going to buy their sleeping facial instead!
it broke me out
made me break out a bit
it breaks me out
the minute i put this on my face all i could smell was roses
i literally put this on my wrist
i would pass this one up
my face is breaking out :
it was like putting straight perfume on your face
moving into late 20s
at least it didn't break me out
the filling part is terrible i tried for a week to get my concealer to go on smoothly over top of this
like its there then poof
when it's first applied
the product sat on top of my skin
goes away after 5 minutes so this is not really an issue
threw out the rest!
it unfortunately it breaks me out :'
a oil field in my t zone
i found that my foundation went patchy
i decided to quit wasting my money on them
so i bumped it up to 2 stars.
then it was gone
after i put it on it turned really tacky
it just ended up drying out
i washed it off immediately
it just dried my entire face out
literally for just a second
however when i put it on
it kind of just sat on the skin
kept making excuses for it
it also broke me out.
it broke me out and made my skin more dry.
broke me out at first
after a while i was just putting it on for the sake of it
started breaking out around my lips badly
however it made me break out really bad
and on top of that my face broke out like crazy.
it broke me out the next day.
returned to the store very quickly.
it didn't take off what was left
i feel like i got ripped off.
i gave this time
my work makes my eyes super tired by the end of the day
there is a weird paper covering on the end
it caused me to breakout
this one went on smooth
i took it back
ended up returning it
others up from my local sephora
this just didn't cut it
even then i still have some left over residue
let me start by saying that by the st
i decided to use it as a night cream since when i opened it i saw that it looked like a very rich product
it felt like it had finally sunk into my skin
i immediately began using it
just in hopes of it making my skin fab
he tried the rest of them
i saw something working after i removed them
when i got them out
i put them back in the container
turned it upside down
i decided to get a couple off of the bottom
i decided to go ahead an apply them.
stung when i put them under my eyes
could try out the eye patches before buying
i traveled with the first set after just the first use-- i loved them
was extra careful when sealing the top
i researched a lot before taking the jump
the gel patches just slid right down my face
that made them so dry it felt like i was just sticking tape around my eyes
on the plus side
my under eye area looked exactly the same after each use
when i started my
set my eyes it was still dry
tried it as soon as i got home
glowing when i washed it off
when i woke up this morning i had broken out all over my face
when i scoop it up
it immediately wants to "bounce" back into the jar
the only thing was that it made me break out after only 2 uses
by the package and even leaving it on.
i kept thinking the kids had left some snack under the sofa before realizing that it was me
i woke up to breakouts all over my face
it caused my skin to break out
after using the whole bottle
i threw this item in the trash
because it caused me to break out
within a month the bumps spread to every single spot i put this on
note to sephora: have the guts to post this review finally
am going back to them
it broke me out on my forehead where i never breakout
instead this gave me pimples on areas i never break out on
i've finally used it up
stayed on my skin which i liked
my review failed to post
i never ever break out
it also sank in my skin fairly quickly.
this product came no where near it's claims.
took it right off.
not broken me out
they just started when i started using this
every time i used it i got a blemish.
when i opened the hydrate side i thought they had the wrong labels on
i opened the other side
once you get close
added a nice finish without being over the top
was closer to a match for my skin tone
the extra "highlight" in the cap was a cool idea
i wound up returning it
my makeup broke up on my face
it went on nicely
i like that it went on smoothly
i received it through influenster to try out.
the flip cap gets in the way
this highlight was sent to me for a trial.
i also liked putting in on my legs
arms before going out
plus i started breaking out.
i put it on before foundation
then stick with it
although it did firm/tighten the skin on my face
instead of being removed when saying the truth
its going back to the store
this cream sat on the top of my skin
it would start peeling
it was so overpowering that i got a headache every time i wore this
it just made it worse as i kept using it
as soon as i stopped using this product my skin cleared up
my face has already already settled down some
made my skin break out
but it ruined my skin.
the rest of my face is normal
i gave it plenty of time to soak in
when applying my foundation it basically rolled into balls on my face which is unlike anything i've ever experienced
it pills up consistently into little balls on my skin
am break out prone
it literally comes off in clumps like 20 minutes after you put it on
now they have disappeared
as soon as it touched my skin my face became very red
when i was applying it
it was so strong that i had a headache before even putting it on my skin
my face felt sticky until it had complete dried
just put my coconut oil on my face after my routine instead
i ended up returning the product
t had to go back
thought i would try the rose cream for my dry
i went through the entire jar
at first i was drawn to this
having recently ventured into the fresh skincare line
despite wearing well under foundation
i just used up the full bottle
ended up drying my skin instead.
following with their oil
i tried it once
waited until they cleared
so i returned this product.
it was great use up until i started using a prescribed cream
since i'm 20 i still get break outs now
i ended up going with this
'm just stuck using it
the pump is separated
it went on okay
didn't even get the jar open before realizing that i was going to have to return it due to the overwhelming scent
my face has stopped breaking it
i loved it until it the scent hit my nose.
'm halfway thru the
when you start rubbing it in
threw it away immediately
tried my new jar today
this new stuff is like my kid smashed a banana all over my face
then my dog came up
made my face break out
it has now been relegated to a neck moisturizer until i use up the sample
bring back the old formula!!!
the new forumlation of the product has caused my skin to break out
put it on as indicated
the can fizzled out or something
the first use broke me out pretty badly
after i used this as a mask
it broke me out
i've tried this a few point
it broke me out
then face is red afterwards
you're not missing out
this made my oil production go crazy
i always end up with some of it on my counter
stay on my face for a good 10-15 mins
my skin reacted badly to this
it just temporarily covers them
had to take it off
i picked this product up on a whim during the vib sale
it was like a watered down oil.
later in the day my pores looked bigger
this seemed to trigger something
i put some on the top of my h
dry i thought my face would crack if i smiled
it made my face feel like it was on fire in some spots
in just 2 weeks i realize the bottle is empty
it was almost gagging to me at times.
until it was empty to give the product a proper chance
showed results right away
a return as the bottle was half filled
it ended up being very disappointing
got this as a 100 point reward.
it made me break out in certain spots on my face
i put it on my face
then took it off 5 minutes later because the smell didn't fade
i would steer clear
got it as a reward
although that will fade after a while
i could wipe my face with a hundred dollars bill
i will finish off the bottle because it was too expensive to throw away
when i tried it the first thing i noticed was the glitter
took a couple seconds to absorb into my skin
it didn't go away all day even after i washed it off
it broke me out around my nose
i broke out a lot after using this cleanser.
i used up a whole bottle of this
this made my skin feel stripped after every use
it has started spraying across the room
straight in the air when i try to pump it out
my bottle did at least
the skin is back to clear
started out thinking it was okay
i stopped using it
it took so long to clear up my skin even after i stopped using it
it took me a long time to go through
unless it starts really clearing things up soon
2% versus the 1% in regular head
returned, nice idea though.
there was barely enough for me to lone both top lids of my eyes before it ran out
when you go over the original line
had thing in your bag
i gave this a try
it was either broken
after i stopped using this
my skin cleared up
it hasn't broken me out which is good
it just ended up disappointing me over time
luckily i only fell for this product once
was glad when i came to the end of the small pot
i break out just a little
unfortunately prolonged use broke me out
because i found this heavy
i went to sephora to exchange it
after using it for about a week i realized i started getting texture all over my face
never in my life had break out issues
my skin insanely broke out
this one falls short to me for them br
turned out to be true
it made me get oilier as the day went on.
before realizing that it was the moisturizer causing this
forehead that i've never had before
gave this product a good run
all in all i have returned
was shocked that it broke me out
it was a very slight break out
every time i touched my face
it took me one week to get rid of these bumps.
when i finished the small jar
had to try it out
when i tried it
it left me with a headache.
decided to switch to this one since it had spf
nope it literally broke my skin out.
tried it on the dry skin on the back of my h
it broke me out
i didn't realize they changed it until i ran out
then i noticed that my makeup was cracking
found out this was what they came up with
after about 5 min of putting it on
i got the small thing with the 100 pts
figured this would be a double win
this product wrecked by combination skin
didn't break me out
this is like a watered down version of the previous line
it immecitaly slipped out of my h
as i was trying to pump
wore it by itself it will eventually become oily
i'll be throwing the rest of the sample away.
i'll pass on this one.
it feels like i am just pushing around product on top of my skin
after i apply this to my face
fragrance in this product broke me out so badly
traded in 300 points for 3 of these- 2 for me one for my sister who was excited to try it
i tried it on the back of my h
when i got home
it basically turned into water
this guy just missed the mark
i used up one bottle
i tried using it when it came in the sephora play
i am just now getting my skin cleared up from this
i did feel like my skin perked up
but i was disappointed in its staying power.
as soon as i put it on my skin completely drank it
tried this on in the store when it came out on the back of my h
the bottle ended up at the bottom of my makeup collection
the end result was the complete opposite
the only issue for me was that it ran out so quick
i've never gone through a serum so fast
i love their whole rose line!
when it happened for the seventh time i attempted using the product- i had to come to terms this was wasted money
i stopped using it for awhile
took my a good 2 weeks to realise it was this serum who was messing with my skin
it just sits on top of it
it ended up being an epic fail
i keep getting whiffs of it over my own perfume several hours after applying
i think it might've broken me out
my skin cleared out without issues after i stopped using it
i am so upset to have put this all over my face.
it's still as strong as when i first put it on
when i first opened the package
it broke me out both times i've used it
haven't attempted it since
then 10 more min later, dry again.
it drys out less than one minute after i put it on
it balled up all over my skin
once it was on it had a burning sensation
i started breaking out everywhere on my face
immediately returned it upon coming home
i'll keep using it until i run out
was tough to put on
recent super dehydrated skin due to travel resulted me in doing just that on a lhr ---> sea flight
i kept it because i like the cooling sensation for when i first wake up
then use my other eye cream afterwards
i almost purchased it initially because i liked the way that it glided on
ended up prying the product back before buying
was super stoked to see this on the shelf
then it became red.
the serum totally broke me out
this one got returned
tried it on my face
used it for my back.
didn't help the break outs which are mild
ended up breaking my chest out really bad
i like this for chest/back as i run daily
had red all over my sink
it made my foundation desperate
it also broke me out like crazy
i tried it out on the back of my h
also, unfortunately, it made me break out.
my problem with this is that it made me break out
i tried it under my foundation
so the minute this came out
unfortunately, this went back to the store.
also, the pump broke.
this broke me out.
i never break out.
while this didn't make me break out
towards the 4th time
feel like i was literally throwing money down the drain
stay away from this product
i couldn't open my eyes for a minute because they stung
it broke me out super bad on my chin
it does go away anyway after several minutes.
although it says it lifts
my makeup is disappear right after few mins
it made me break out as well
the foundation sits on top of it
i really wanted this to be a hit
especially on the t-zone
so back it went
tapped it in until my face was numb
broke up my foundation around my nose
it does sink it to the face after a while which is a plus
waited for it to dry
this one was a let down for me.
i felt like my makeup never really set when i had this underneath
i noticed my makeup just sliding off.
i followed the directions perfectly
my foundation went on uneven
sephora graciously took it back.
it sat on top of my face
final step after cleansing
after a few weeks of using it i like that i wake up with "shiny" in the good way skin
when sephora started carrying it i had to try it.
after using it a week developed bags under my eyes
i did try using it without getting it under my eyes just to keep my makeup in place
after that i started breaking out
i stopped using it for a week then went back to it
i broke out again
i started breaking out
it's only stopped after i stopped using this product
it unfortunately broke me out too much to keep it around :
it was all dried out when i opened it up
i tried this mask
this has cut down my oil like no one business.
product went on well
gave it a 2 thumbs up and went on about my day.
had to stifle my screams
i looked like someone had taken a skin oil
my foundation slid all over the place throughout the day
it actually appeared to break my foundation up on multiple areas
i gave this a fair shot
almost like it was cracking
i returned this one.
then another time with foundation
thought i'd try this as i hate carrying around blotting papers
it made the foundation on my forehead separate
thanks for playing cover fx.returned.
luckily i was able to return in
get my money back
cover fx really missed a mark on this
i tried it on top of foundation
it was like adding water to my face
underneath my foundation as a primer looked good for about an hour
this product was okay when mixed in with my foundation
then tried with a little bit more
it's been a total hit
i tried mixing it with my foundation.
patted on top as a touch up
transferring off my face
when i mixed it with foundation it looked very dried
last time i tried it to blot over the foundation
i returned it to the store, it was not for me.
a touch up through out the day
this product was returned.
it failed on every level
i also saw this in tati's
had high hopes for this
got ready for work
checked myself in the mirror on the way out
i tried using it over my foundation like i saw in tatis video which didn't work at all
then i tried using it as a primer
my foundation just melted away when i applied this
i put it under my foundation
i put it on top of my foundation
i also started breaking out after i used this product
after using it for 4 days straight my skin was breaking out
since it broke my skin out after consistent use
this product when added into my foundation made it super thick
then after putting it i on by itself
until i finally gave up on it
make them go away
especially when i dropped so much money
somehow it still just felt like it was sitting on top of my skin
this brand is a hit and miss sometimes..
within that week my face completely broke out
once i stopped using it
my face began to clear up
at first i couldn't figure out why i was breaking out then i stopped using it for a couple days
my skin cleared up
i waited for the breakup to disappear
just kind of sat on top of the skin
skin is breaking out.
then my face started to sting
gave into the hype
it ended up feeling like a very heavy coat of protection i was putting on at night
right up until i started breaking out from it
this was the wrong way for me to first experiment with
i liked this at first because it took felt like it gave my face a deep clean
lackluster after using this
it has completely broken me out
unfortunately it has caused me to break out here
it was back to normal
it was drying and it broke me out.
mid-way through the day my skin started drying
tacked two stars off for price
i swear by the entire line
placed my primer on
this is without walking outside in the wind.
it is going back.
this one is a miss
my tube also arrived only about half full-when the product is only 0
it made my skin break out pretty badly
bring the product into the center of your face
the foundation just balls up or moves around on the face
i wouldn’t use my points to get one
all it did was give my face an extra shine
i knew i wasnt going to like it when the product came out
i gave it a shot
i put it on in the car
a friend got into the back seat 45 minutes later asking me what smelled so good
i ended up breaking out
it lingered throughout the day
have finally tried it
i tried it on the back of my h
i finally was able to get my h
applying this followed by foundation resulted in streaky skin
i would put this over my primer
then threw it into a pot
got this in my play box.
i tried it by itself
when i put it on it made my face way to greasy
which i found kind of off-putting
after using my new favorite product i found myself breaking out along my jaw
it was like high school all over again.
it broke my skin out like crazy
it was okay at first
later in the day i kept asking myself what that awful smell was
i got this in my play box
my face started to break out
i've never had a face product break me out like this
and lastly immediately caused me to break out.
got this in my play bag
broke my face out so bad
it just falls short
was a miss for me
did not control the oil in my t zone
i received this in my sephora play box for march
i got in the my play box this month
i put foundation on top
i broke out around my nose
when i wore it under my foundation my skin looked even better than when i wore primer
from back in the 70s
i got this in my sephora play box for march
i dropped $115 and it does nothing.
ended up on the floor
i gave this a fair chance
used until the product ran out
even when paired with my clairesonic
i decided to try this when i ran out of my fab cleanser
i quickly returned this product
i've had to wipe down my entire sink
my skin still continues to break out
passed this his way
i should've trusted my gut because it gave me a small breakout on my cheek
i noticed that i started breaking out
i bumped off two stars because of the packaging.
i dropped it on a carpeted floor
the center of the cap that locks inside the tube to hold it in place broke
leaving a hole in the center for product to spill out
the entire cap broke off
there would be make up on the towel when i dried my face
i broke out bad btw: has a lot of fragrance
thought a 2 in 1 would cut corners
then after a couple of times using it omg it made my face so dry
i dropped it the first time i picked it up though
ball up when i apply this
i swear every time i opened it up some of it had evaporated
a sephora worker pushed me into buying this
tossed it after two uses
right off the bat
the product didn't blow me away
when i first put this on
my sister and i both used and our skin broke out.
i struggled with pretty bad grease by the middle of the day
i gave it a fair shot
tried it with different foundations
i got this in my play box.
i got this is in my sephora play box
no where on the packing
got this in my play box
throwing them in our play boxes?
it completely broke up as i tried to apply it with a beauty blender :
had to wash it off halfway through the morning because it was so thick
my makeup fell off through the day in a horrible streaky mess
this just kind of set off the oil everywhere at work:/
gave it another chance
ball up if i rubbed my skin at all after it dried
always do a patch test before putting a product all over my face
it took a little time to absorb
i got this in my play box
before putting it on my face
going to have to toss this one
just here to say that this came in my play box
it was actually just an empty little box
i got this product in my sephora play box
made me break out big time
it did smooth down
once the powder had settled
was shocked to see how dry my forehead looked
the rest of my face looked fine.
right after i put it on my face i could feel a cooling sensation
the worst part about it is that itstarts to peel off
left me shiny all day
as the day has progressed if i run my h
at first i thought would like this because the cream was thick
went on so smooth
dragging is unfortunately necessary
i stopped using this
my skin immediately started to clear up
on my lunch break i completely washed my face it was that bad
also the following day i had widened pores that were clogged
while i liked that it absorbed quickly
hoping the scent would go away
this kiss of death for this product was that it caused small white heads to break out across my nose after two uses
i got this in a sephora play box a while ago.
it broke my skin out after two/theee uses.
then ended up wasting my money
i found that it took numerous swipes to remove my make up
i believe this product broke me out
when i applied it
it broke me out
when i stopped using this the pimples went away.
it just sat on top of my skin
i'll keep the sample i got in my playbox to throw in my travel bag for emergencies
wearing it under makeup made my foundation break apart after a couple of hours
this product made me break out
i got this in my play box.
had been eyeing their stuff for a while
the second issue was that it broke out my sensitive skin after the first wear
made me break out
this made me breakout all over
got this in the play box
will be throwing out the rest of the bottle
tried it out for 2 days before my chin broke out
i got this in my play box
i tried it once
i didn't put two
i think it is causing my break outs
felt like it just sat on my skin
it went on nicely and absorbed quickly.
however, it broke me out horribly.
when this came out at the store i was like
it did make my face breakout
into the garbage this went.
this was was so bad looked like a glitter bomb went off on my face
when i walked out in the sun i looked like a 13 year old kid who had experimented with body glitter for the first time
after a third use i broke out on my cheeks
then go for it
let me break down the name of this product
which it really falls short on
felt after trying this on my h
completely covered in them
i am beyond panicked and so upset!
hoping this goes away quickly!
i decided to finish the whole bottle
my skin also started breaking out quite a lot.
the next day i looked like a grease monkey
it broke me out
the rest of my face is normal
i tried it with
even after reading negative reviews i went out
that was the last straw for me.
i saved up to try out some of the tatcha items
this one just sits on my desk for me to run out of my other moisturizers
've kept using it
did not help one bit when it came to oil control
sat on top of my skin until it balled up with my foundation
my face kept sticking to my pillowcase
it seemed as though my skin was dry by the end of the night
trying it before diving in for the purchase
i just washed it off
i layed my face down a good while after putting it on
i've sampled all their serums on the inside of my arm during different visits to sephora
i am going back to my bioderm aquasource gel moisturiser instead
i fell in love with both the packaging
then i tried it... and was let down.
which is why i gave it three stars
it keeps the oil away
unfortunately it broke me out
unfortunately i feel as though they missed the mark a little bit
my makeup looks like it's slouching off within a couple of hours since i started using this
am sending this back
i started breaking out
when i got it in the mail
the entire stick came off with the cap
went to the store to pick another one up
it would be annoying to try to keep it from coming out of the container or breaking off while using it after it's broken at the bottom
i noticed that i started to break out horribly
i've still got marks left that i'm trying to fade
this product caused a major skin freak out for me
i got this in my play box
i got this in my sephora box
i went through this super fast
i got this in my play box
my skin was completely stripped
this one was a miss for me
this mask made my whole face break out.
i let sit for about 15 mins
left a bunch behind that needed to be washed off
i've used face mask twice
on top of that i didn't see a difference after peeling it off
it was so difficult to peal off
almost impossible to remove by peeling- expect to spend 20-30 minutes trying to get it off
when you are finally free of this awful mask
the worst part was how difficult it was to peel off
had to wash it off.
but the worst part by far was peeing it off.
it hurt so bad that there were tears running down my face
it hurt so much peeling it that tears were running down my face
it took a minute to apply
rolled on my skin
after 10 minutes it was impossible to peel off
had to wash it off
after 10 minutes it was still impossible to peel off
ended up washing it off again.
otherwise it comes off in pieces
i ended up just taking it off with a wash cloth which took a lot of scrubbing
i ended up just washing it off my face with warm water
when it was time to take it off the thicker parts came off easier
i would have been better off sticking tape to my face
100% not putting that back on my face.
made it hard to keep them open
came off in small strips
felt like peeling packing tape off my face
afterwards it was dry and irritated.
until i tried it.
once i put it on my face my eyes watered for a good 5 minutes due to the alcohol in the mask
i eventually had to get it off with warm water
nothing harsh enough to make her stop as she didn't use it near her eyes
let me start off by saying i loved every origins face mask i tried
maybe that's why i had really high expectations when i found out that they came up with a peel off mask
when i removed it
as soon as i felt it on my face
it just sat on top of my skin with this greasy residue that never left
i decided to try to gently shake the bottle
just opted for rewashing my face
i would have returned it
i'll use up the bottle
this however made me break out like crazy
i tried to stick with it for a couple of weeks to let my skin adjust
it kept just getting worse
with the tea leaves staying in the bottle
the third day i started breaking out
skin broke out very badly
it lingered in my face
my skin looked the exact same after using this mask
go for jack black dry erase instead
had high hopes when i put it on
'll give it a second star
within just a few hours i was wiping oil off my forehead
did nothing for the lines in my neck
when i went on with my makeup routine it started peeling off
everything started peeling off
it still peeled off
i feel like i got totally ripped off.
put a foundation over this
my skin is messed up big time.
going back to return this.
i believe the problem lies with the oil in the product that remained after i pat in the cream
the jar seemed to be missing about a 1/4 of the product
i gave it another chance
just like that bam zits popped up
instead of coming out in a gentle pump
it came out in such a fast stream that it went everywhere
after all the trouble of first getting the product out
i decided to finish my routine
it took about three washes to get all of it off
i got this as a 100 point reward.
when i tried to remove my eye make-up
on the pro side
it left an oily film behind
which is the opposite of clean
i tried the sink, i tried it in the shower.
i washed it frantically off as soon as i patted it on
out above the others
also was not in love with the way it looked underneath foundation
foundation lay on top of my skin
roll off my face when touched
i throw it in the garbage
water on my face
this is a pass for me .
or save up for this
i washed it off almost immediately for fear of a more serious reaction
unfortunately my skin broke out after a couple of uses
this product broke me out
i got this in my playbox
it stung on my face.
got this in sephora play!
even when touching my face i heard an audible sticky release that made me immediately wash it off
i like putting it on first, before my primer.
which always catches me off guard when i go my makeup half asleep at like 6am
unfortunately it broke me out pretty badly.
which is a turn off for me
went away after it absorbed fully
i noticed that i started breaking out there
then i started to break out on my cheeks
knew it had to be this product since i never break out on my cheeks
t was really easy to waste since it's so loose half the bottle came out when i squeezed
i got this in my play box
from the play box
this product confirmed i was on the right track
the first thing i noticed when putting it on was that it wreaked of alcohol
i like the way it went on to my skin
however i read reviews saying that they broke out from this
then began to breakout from that as well
it felt okay immediately after applying
i tried it under my foundation with terrible results
side note it has a very off putting scent.
recently got this in my play box
i woke up with a blemish on my cheek.
got this in my play!
then later in the day i noticed my skin looked way drier than usual
just sits on top
was lured by the great price point
i ended up returning it.
i recently picked up a new bottle
i never turned back
i can still feel the product after swiping my h
it pilled if i tried to put primer over it
i tried this under my primer
it made the foundation slide
it made me break out super bad
i tried applying it immediately after i washed my face
this was before i even got to work
just ended up returning it
it doesnt break me out
it was a return for me
made my eyes water even after i dried off
the closest i have read in reviews is that it smells like after shave
this one missed the mark for me
luckily it was just a sample but never again.
throughout the day my makeup just slid off my face even w/ primer n set the foundation
this flared it up.
i broke out into horrible
i stopped using this
completely flaked off and looked awful.
i never felt like it sunk in
3rd because the product was so thick it would just sit on top of my face
cause everything i put on top to ball up
i still looked like a disco ball
didn't realize this was a roller ball
i looked the same after i put it on as i did before i put it on
i tried applying with my finger
final day the middle thing kept getting stuck
i threw it out, it was a total waste of money.
little pieces from the cotton pad would start to stick on my face
this one is going back
i opened it up
i just dropped like two drops on my acne
i immediately had to wash it off my face.
the oil sat on my face and never really absorbed.
i tried it with my foundation
had to wash it off
after only using this product twice my skin has completely broken out
i only placed 2 drops on my face
after only using it twice i've totally broken out with pimples
their skin only became worse over time
i went through 2/3 of this
i just got to remove at most 75% of them
i got them all back by this
it seemed like i've just broken out more
i break out a lot
i found that i was breaking out more
my skin just continued to get worse
my skin went haywire
i never broke out on my chin
i ended up returning it.
not even halfway through the bottle
my skin got so clear again
it literally popped up from this oil in that short amount of time
i used up a whole bottle
my stubborn break outs are still there
broke me out worse
it broke me out worse than i was before i started using it
then it broke me out horribly i tried using a little bit
my face cleared up
i can run the back of my h
down the side of my face
i just put it on for the second time
im going to keep using it to give it a shot
i experienced full-blown purging with this product to the point that i had to return it
it took my skin a good 1-2 weeks to recover
now it has stopped working completely
it seemed to sink after i applied it
i decided to try the ufo oil in hopes of improving my breakouts
i'd eventually start seeing results
i'd pass on this on.
this product made me break out horribly
felt like wax got stuck on me.
one of the worst masks i've get tried.
i got this in my sephora play box
t made me break out
i've tried massaged it into my face
it is a mess to deal with
it stuck straight out from my head
tight within the first 30 seconds
when i went to wash it off it took almost 20 minutes to get the last of it off my skin
once it came off my face felt even more dry then its ever been
i let the mask sit for 15 minutes
with the same success you can put on the face some orange jam
this product really caught my eye
my face just broke out horribly my chin my forehead just not what i expected
after 10 minutes it dried on my face feeling like that was exactly what i put on my face
if it had made me break-out from all the sugar
honestly i saw no results it just felt like jam on my face with large chunks
miss as with the rose mask
i ended up returning the product because the tool scared me
my makeup still slid off my face
i've gone through an entire bottle
when i put it on
i actually tried to wipe it off
i ended up returning this after the sales person recommended it to me
had to toss it because it doesn't work
--it runs out fast
this product fell flat.
considering taking back because of the extremely over powering smell
when i put makeup over it it just balled up
used it abort twice before switching back to my old stuff
if i get 4 masks out of this i'll be shocked.
then, it takes quite a while to set.
just finished using it.
just finished an old bottle
the mask in the new bottle comes out in a semi-clear
the black mask was sold out in store
so the product was set up for failure from the beginning
now i wish i'd just returned it after the first go
i'll keep it in rotation until i finish this bottle
waited the 25 minutes to peel it off
breaks apart and comes off in tiny pieces.
this made my forehead break out a bit
it got rid of dead skin though
my face looked unchanged
one of them balled up
i wish i returned it and got my money back.
they kept bringing it back
my skin is ending up worse
when i get a breakout
made me break out
i ended up returning it for another product
so this had to go back :
maybe the oil in the stick is causing me break out
the warming sensation was very harsh on my skin within a minute i had to rinse it off it felt like my face was on fire
i threw it away :(
i tried this mask twice
i followed the directions
immediately my skin started to feel like it was on fire
ended up with an irritated
it also get stuck under my nails
hence 2 stars taken off
this mask really breaks me out after just one use
instead started to feel more like pop rocks on my face
almost as if i put too faced's lip injection all over
when i rinsed it off after 20 minutes of it on my face
so this was a win-win for me
after letting it sit for the minimum suggested time
it stayed red the entire day
thought i'd try it out since i'm came in my play box
but once it came off my skin was very dry.
have broken out after each use
it literally felt like i put jam on my face.
after i washed this mask off
i already had a million masks waiting to be used though so when this was a $25+ promo item i jumped at the chance to get it
everything about it drew me in
it still was burning
i tried this mask 3 times
use it right away
when i first opened the packaging i was really blown away
everything went downhill from there.
is making me breakout instead of clearing my skin
even though it made me break out a little
aside from breaking me out
i picked up the facewash when the one from my set ran out
the tube came about half full
in the trash this goes!!!
if the tube was even close to full
the first time i opened it i could completely squeeze the tube together
have my fingers meet without product coming out the top
i gave it a try
unfortunately, i ended up returning it.
in the end, i was just confused.
in the end i couldn't get pass the smell.
ended up returning this
i received this with the item being half empty.
when used all over the face
pretty good at taking light make up off
to me this is just off putting
wasted points on this one trying to get the original
then use this to "finish it off"
even after adding the water
the next morning after i applied it my face had completely broken out
it felt really heavy after applying.
the first time i squeezed two pumps
better luck next time.
the second i put it on i could smell it.
was initially put off by the awkward smell
it took forever to remove
after 10 mins or so my face had soaked up all the oil
it was the worst facemask i have ever used
it was a mess to take off.
my skin looked horrible for days after.
took a while for my skin to get back to normal.
i took it back :(
i didn't break out
i gave this 2 tries
tried it on my face
rubbed in whatever was left on my skin
i woke up with a full on breakout in different areas of my skin
i tried it out once
the one thing i hated was the residue left on my face afterwards
i felt like a thick oil cream that went on my face
made me break out like crazy
it would have gone back to the store immediately
not worth the greasy break outs
i followed instructions anyway
maybe it was just a purge
when i first got this i ripped it open
immediately put a little on the back of my h
didn't remember to wrap a napkin around the magnet before using it to take off the mask
read the directions before using it on my face
i found that it took me a long time to apply the mask all over my face
while using the magnet was fun at first it ended up taking a lot longer to remove the mask when it was all done
had to wash it off all right away
it also made me break out really bad.
i tried to stick with it
after 15 minutes i knew it wasn't worth the risk
i broke out the next day
fingers crossed that i don't breakout!
let it sit - felt fine while on.
after getting it all off
i left it on for about 10 mins to see if it would sink it
is taking forever to get back to normal
after you put it on your face
it felt the same way it started as i was taking it off
forcing you to clean it
taking it off was so cool to watch.
after i took it off
i rinsed my face right away in fear that i would break out from whatever was left on it
this mask fell flat for me
i broke out horribly after a day or two
when it comes down to it
went back to my normal skin care
i directly went back home
opened that little jar
i went trough the whole bottle
used it until it was finished
when it comes down to it
i got magnet stuff all over the place.
i didn't break out
the bottle is already empty
i just finished my last mask in the package
it just comes off
the box has four masks.
so when this was the only thing i added into my routine
a week or so later i began breaking out in a huge way
stopped using and i cleared up.
i washed my face twice
after going through over half the bottle
blamed my make up
even when i take break
come back to this the bumps come back every time
whatever is left because it leaks all over the place
at first, i thought it was a fluke.
brought it out again recently
then this second in order to get my makeup off
so the over drying just caused an over production of oil everywhere leaving my face a wreck
every time one starts to go away, i get another.
noticed it was creating a green ring on my counter
then i noticed that it seemed almost a third gone when i'd only used it a h
i would've kept this cleanser if more thought had gone into the dispensing system
then decided to give it another shot
when it arrived it immediately paired it with my clarisonic
my skin is slowly going back to normal
unfortunately i had to return
a few minutes later it felt like i hadn't put anything on
eye cream before applying this as my final step
i tried again using it alone straight after cleansing without anything else
three starts for my oily zone improving
didn't break me out
i ended up returning it.
luckily it dissipated quickly.
washed it off and tossed it.
it would hurt if i smiled or opened my mouth.
box and finally got around to trying it.
went back in with my belif aqua cream instead
i've given it a fair shot
i tried this product when it first launched
after about half the bottle i started slapping it on rest of body just to get through it faster
this one is a total miss
it looked like some product had been poured out
the tiny jar that it came in was only half filled
i returned it almost immediately.
i also began breaking out after using it
it's cc cream i picked up on the same day
i only gave this product an extra star
when i tried it
but i set myself up for disappointment.
even with primer it slips right off my skin after a few hours
just no staying power on my skin
my jar looked half full
then applied my foundation
even if followed with a light foundation
then put powder over
t's time to get out the hammer :
you end up pull the pump off
pounding the bottle to get the rest of it
been using this under everything as a first step after cleansing
a lot of product gets left behind with no way to get to it without breaking the bottle
my only complaint is it ran out quickly
since i gave up on st
wash it off later
it took some effort to rinse it all off
it just goes away
i tried it out
this one just missed the mark for me so while i will use it all
it still broke me out
then looked at the ingredients
at first i chalked it up to stress
kind of defeats the purpose of having this
slip all over my face
instead only half way
it broke my skin out
my makeup just floated ok my face
this was the worst one i've tried
the product came out separated
i ended up returning it.
then at times it would pump out thick
tried shaking it before use
it kept shooting blanks most of the time when oil wasn't coming out
went in and an employee showed me this primer.
instantly fell in love with it it left my skin feeling soft
tried it at home it was the complete opposite
it made my top half greasy
this completely filled in the lines on the back of my h
my foundation sank into every pore
flaky once i put foundation on
then was moved all around by the sponge
if i had kept the box
i would have returned this
i tried it with every foundation i own
in fact i looked like i had completely stopped applying eye cream all together
foundation went over it smoothly
for some reason it was leaving a fine film
deepened from when i was using the fresh one
disappeared throughout the day
it broke me out really badly around my eyes everytime i used it
so wanted to try the eye cream
trying to find the perfect under eye cream i was sold
i went through the entire jar
won't be making the mistake a 3rd time.
went in to buy a good eye cream had my eyes set on something from algenist
with high hopes am looking into taking care of my eyes with a winning daily cream
i went through a whole one of these
win some, lose some.
as soon as i put the moisturizer over it the puffs came back
i gave it a fair shot
i broke out like crazy
once i started using this i had crazy breakouts on all areas of my face
i only put this on once.
almost finished the jar
i stopped using it and my skin cleared up.
picked my head back up
my neck was sticking together
i left this stuff on for thirty minutes to give it a fair shot
that was all i could take before i scrubbed it off
first let me start off by saying the positives.
tried this cream for the first time and hate it.
have moved on to other products
it just sits on my face all day
i started breaking out
but it ended up making mine worse.
however i just didn't feel like it ever sank in.
i felt like after washing the products off my skin was finally able to breath again
it led me to break out
giving your skin some down time
i eventually stopped using it on my face
for me it fell through on its main promise
made me break out like crazy
i still kept trying
hopelessly returned it after it did not work even the second week
this one went back!
dry spots stayed the same
before i took it back
broke me out horribly.
takes time for it to fade
got back to using it again
thought this maybe a great way to have to cut down on that
unfortunately i broke out in my t-zone after using it
when i put this on
within minutes i was a walking ball of grease
it however broke me out whenever i used it
i first tried this due to all the hype
i'll keep using it until i finish the jar
i decided to give it a shot
when i stumbled across this product
at the end of the day it had found its way into every dry patch i didn't even know i had
one of them broke my face out like crazy
so i'm returning this pronto.
i needed an oil on my face
i broke out so bad on my cheeks
tried this on its own
tried it under my full-coverage foundation
no product i've ever used has broken me out this quick
within 10 minutes of applying this i had white heads all over my chin
i took it off immediately
while this product helped to cover all that up
i tried it out
i gave it to my husb
it just felt like i had a film over the top of my face
and then i started to break out.
it also showed every single one of my dry spots.
it still left me with a white film on my face
it was just way to heavy
this was a miss for me
it caused me to have a pretty big flare up
i immediately stopped using
i washed my face again still notice the filming stuffs from this cream
found out it was this cream all along that was soooo hard to remove from my face
i decided to take the leap
for the longest time i've been trying to figure out what's causing my conjested pores
using it all up it didn't mess up my skin or break me out
i gave it 3 stars because it takes a lot of work to get get rid of all the residue it leaves behind
i broke out the next day
it took a lot of product to move around
got as a 100 point perk.
tend to avoid putting more oil on my face so as to avoid break-outs
the wipe still picked up a lot of make-up left.
i got this as a 100 point reward
it did take the make-up off
using this product for an extended time also gave me little bumps
that was fine with me
it felt as if there was a film left on my face when i was done
i knew my current cleansing balm was coming to an end
decided after reading many reviews i was going to give it a shot
based off that alone i returned.
i went back to a cleanser i knew would melt off
among them: it was difficult to wash off
it's worse offense is that it caused me to break out in places i never break out in
once i stopped using it
the break outs also stopped
it felt like my face had a layer of film over it afterwards
i am giving away my 3/4 full bottle
i can't return it because it was in a set
it seems that i spent oil on the face
i've tried letting it dry down for 30 minutes
everything i put over it balls up terribly
the first time i tried it
i tried to use it as a neck cream instead
made them break out
well, this product just rained on my skin parade.
almost vomited when i started rubbing it on my face
then put this on my face
i just washed it off my face
i stopped using it for a while
then tried it again to see if this was the culprit
my skin is broken out again.
unfortunately this had to go back to sephora.
unfortunately, my skin started breaking up.
had high hopes for this
out from the rest
mine is going right back to sephora.
that made me break out
it just sits on your face
i tried in the store on my clean face
my eyes started water shortly after applying
the dryness came back
never did anything to improve it never soaked just stayed on top
it neither cleared my skin
in fact made me break out
after leaving it on for a few minutes then rubbing my face it all came off in sheets
the cleansing oil just was not up to the task of taking my make up off
i really had to rub it off
i actually went back with a cotton facial pad
to get rid of any left over make up
it was insane how much the cleansing oil missed
i never break out
it leaks all over the place when you put the dropper back into the bottle
i transferred the product into another empty oil container i had lying around
after i applied it
i finally got it somewhat blended into my skin
pieces of dead skin came off on my h
then later in the day my skin felt super greasy.
then went into the bathroom
it immediately absorved into my skin
this broke me out like crazy
i've had to stop using it.
i couldn't find a middle ground
it goes away pretty fast after applying on my face
i like to let it sit on my skin for 10-15 mins.
had high hopes for this
my skin did not feel stripped after using it
i followed the directions
but i kept on.
big no on erno laszlo's little set.
my skin started breaking out terribly
i decided to go back to my previous routine
my skin is now finally starting to clear up
just because i broke out from this product
if my skin would have stayed clear
my skin had miraculously cleared up
to start this review off
the pair is good together
it was tough at cleaning
gave this product a side eye when i noticed i had to put the oil on my dry face
this was just took much and took some time.
i ran into trouble with the bar.
i got to try this for free from influenster
i got this through influenster
when i got it the bottle was not closed correctly so some thing were oily
after i used the bar i see bump on my face so
i got this set for free through influenster for an honest review
the cleansing oil in this duo broke me out
i tried using it again
i threw the oil away and just used the soap.
i followed the directions of oil first
the travel case wasn't very easy to put down anywhere other than the shower floor
i did like using the system before my face went crazy
in the end though
i went back to water
i revived it in a free trial from influenster
i got this for free from influenster.
then i would use the bar.
this was so foul that i got a headache while i had it on
after opening the package i unintentionally yelled "agghh"
covered my nose while walking out of my kitchen
that was tough to get off
while the water was running
back to the hunt for another great eye cream :
i patted my finger on the top of it
even under my eyes before using my foundation
f you're concerned about your money being thrown away in two weeks
went back to my cheap cerave eye cream
i tried it again
some how with trying to incorporate this product into my regime i ended up breaking out more
it makes it streak all over my face.
it arrived with a broken lid as well
i put it on all my dryest places
at first i used it for a severely dry
at least my 100 points didn't go to waste
got this as a 100point reward
it took a while for my h
it left my face
when i went outside
i threw it away as soon as i got home.
i got the trial size with reward points.
gave it 3 stars because my skin looked okay after using foundation over it
this just looks like you stood in front of a fire hydrant filled with glitter
just got ambushed with it
when i put it on i looked like i had just rubbed glitter all over my face
i used it all over my face
i got it as a 100 point reward.
it immediately turns into a disco ball
stay far away from this product
after 30 minutes the smell didn't show any signs of going away
then it broke me out my skin did not get along with this moisturizer
big disappointment i couldn't believe it i ended up just throwing it away
i got this as a reward from my beauty points it was a complete waste
i put a small drop on my face
it took me 3 times to fully scrub this off
it literally looked like tinkerbell blew a glitter bomb on face
i will probably just save them as a shoulder highlighter for the summer
i cannot imagine walking around with this on my face
when i looked in the mirror i gasped so loudly my boyfriend came running in
i took a glimpse in the mirror afterward
as soon as i saw myself in the mirror at school i washed my face because i actually looked like a disco ball
this was obviously made for a children's play make up set
the second i stepped into daylight
i'll never get those points back
when i initially applied this to the back of my h
he was dead right
okay no harm no foul i was just going to wash it off
i washed my face twice
tried to wipe it all off
unless you're going for a 'i just came from the sparkle factory' look for a couple days
i really used 100 points just to get a horrible product which caused a massive breakout?
broke me out so badly all over
put it all over your face
when the light hits my face, it looks ridiculous.
i caught a glimpse of myself in the bathroom mirror at work
tell me that i had untouched moisturizer on my face- which i didn't
i love tarte but this missed mark.
s were covered in it also
before it came in i went to sephora
let alone near my eyes
it went on thick for me
i got this in my influenster voxbox for free
received was almost empty
after using it for my eyes
right off the bat a few things
although i did love the product in the beginning it dried my under eyes badly
i can say that it works well with the liqui-pencils influenster sent in the box
it went on smooth
i tried to push through it for a week
broke me out and not hydrating at all.
used it once and broke me out really bad.
i ended up having to use another moisturizer on top of it
the bottom line is
it does eventually go away
the initial scent is off putting to me
had to wash it off because it made my h
from the first moment i put it on
overall this product did not blow me away
was really turned off by the smell
once you wash this off, the lines are back.
less until i figured out what the sweet spot was
sadly this product broke me out
which i would happily put up with
it actually began to give me some dry
had to wash it off right away
i just recently tried his ferulic pads
it also left my face very red as it didn't sink into the skin
just sat on top of it
i got this primer in my play box
however after i put foundation
when i applied foundation over it
i tried it again with a different foundation
it gave the same result
it makes me break out
it pilled up even when i waited at least 5 minutes to apply my foundation
i started using it
they seemed to clear up right away
i got this in my play box this month.
it never really set into my skin
it also peeled off my face a lot when worn alone.
when i applied foundation over it
made me break out.
not even a minute later it is flaking on my face
then i applied my usual foundation
10 mins later my face started to itch
another 5 mins went by and i couldn't stand it.
even though i had just put on a full face of make up
as i washed it off
to my horror my face went instantly broke out all over
unfortunately it broke me out.
i tried it again on my bare skin
i wore it on its own
i ended up returning it
decided to try it out
it took forever to absorb into my skin
when i went to do my makeup it made my foundation ball up all over my face
it left a weird film on my face
i'll save them to use when traveling
even then there's a little bit left behind
overtime i used this my face got much more red than normal
the green tea one caused me to breakout.
although i found that it left a film on my skin afterwards
at first i thought it was dead skin balling up off my palms
i tried out the charcoal one
though after only one use it broke me out
said it didn't break her out
the lid doesn't stay closed very well
my skin wasn't clean after using it twice
after a minute i rinsed the mask off which came off easy without the mess of the usual masks
i looked them up
once i tried it
i felt this product under my foundation sitting there
the initial application is hard to do while holding your breath
figured i'd give this a shot
i just didn't notice a difference in my face after putting it on
got it in my play box.
i got this in my playbox.
turned to my clarisonic to remove it
was breaking out really bad
half of my face was red
i just ended up returning it
my face looked the same, it felt the same.
i ordered this mask the second i laid eyes on it.
i even did it on half of my face while leaving the other half bare just to be sure
the serum since they broke me out
woke up with the softest skin
at first i thought i got expired product.
since summer is around the corner thought i'd give it a try
it didn't make my face break out
ended up ruining some tried
it made the foundation break up
it made all of my foundations break up
when i put it on
made me break out in white heads wherever i had put it on
stopped wearing it, and they went away.
it made me break out
knock out a few steps in my morning routine
figured i could knock out two steps of my makeup routine
sadly after the 3rd time trying it i've realized it was causing my breakouts
it balls up with my foundation
my face went back to normal
i give it 3 stars because i'm on the fence
down the side of my face
would roll off on my fingertips
this cream really never sunk in my skin
it just sat on top.
me rubbing it in for 3 minutes
broke me out so badly.
got this in my play box
i got this product in my sephora box
i definitely broke out after using it
the more i used it the more i started to break out along the sides of my face as well
areas i never used to break out before.
i got this in my sephora play box.
got this in my play box
immediately fell in love with it
area around my mouth was plugged up
it makes me break out.
it went on nicely
i got it in my playbox
will probably throw in the trash
how it sunk into my skin
after 10 minutes my face felt tight
i then tried a second layer
my skin started to sting seconds after i applied this
which then turned into a very dry
my skin has come a long way ever since i started my new routine
got this in my playbox
when i stopped using it after a week my skin became better
got this in my play box.
it left a weird film on my face?
just keep it in my purse
when i saw this stick
my foundation just slid right off
i would've wiped all of the product away
i am going to give this one more shot
almost "balled up/rolled" off when applying my foundation
stick arrived in good condition
had to wash it off
i just still wasn't blown away
literally save your money
ended up returning it!
it was used as a touch up
it wiped my nose make up off
i've gone through almost all of the little bouncy pad in about a month
cheap-it completely removed my base make up
it kept my makeup from breaking
it was horrible over powder foundation
when i first opened it a bunch of product spilled out
only left my skin mat for a very short time.
then it left me more shiny than before i put it on
it was kind of a let down
nothing i did worked to control the oil that takes over half way through my day
on top of it all
have gone back to blotting papers
the only reason i gave it two stars is it didn't break me out
i gave it a few tries with various foundations
when i tried it wiped off my makeup
it picks up your foundation
this one made me feel like my face was on fire the entire time
i gave up 500 points for this set
i got this as part of my 500 pt set
stay away from this product
so for me the pilling was a deal breaker
even then they don't all break open.
i went through a bottle of this.
it made me red
at first i felt a little tingling sensation that went away shortly after
i tried it on 3 different occasions
every time i would break out
broke my skin out terribly
this "facial" broke me out the second day i used it
1st use after 1 day face looked like fish scales
the rest of my face
the oil sat on my face
i tried this product twice
once i stopped using this product
i got pink, but it went away.
i will finish the whole jar
the black heads will be loosen up after using this l
left it on for 1/2 hour barely tingled
nothing earth shattering for me.
i put in on and it began to sting.
within 30 seconds, my face was on fire.
when i put this on my skin i immediately turned red
they missed the mark
then my foundation n realized it was the boscia
every time i went back tsubaki swirl broke me out again
i went back to the revitalizing black gel.
i may go back to this cream in the fall
its in one spot only
i'll just start out by saying i gave this a star cause it smells great
it dried down pretty fast
my skin go back to where it begin
1 star for the little spoon that was provided
after applying it on my face
i ended up returning this.
i slightly broke out because it was nourishing at all
applied several drops enough to cover my entire face
get to work from home
i broke out big time
i enjoyed the way that my skin looked after using this
as soon as i saw a few on my chin
i completely stopped using this product
broke me out all over
i broke out all over my face
much less foundation without it sliding around
thankfully i tried this at night because i could never go out looking like a hard boiled egg
have gone through 2 jars
it made me greasy and broke me out.
it made me break out terribly
kept trying it out thinking it would get better overtime
ended up returning it
it caused me to break out
once i started using it i felt like my pores were not breathing
it doesn't let my foundation sink into my skin for a flawless finish
not giving up on this br
maybe use it for my feet instead???
i continued to break out
i tried letting it sit for 5 minutes to absorb
this unfortunately made me break out.
unfortunately for me after a week of using it my skin was super broken out
my face was tore up
i tried to push through
ultimately i had to pull the plug on this one
so when this came out i scooped it up
this one just missed the bar for me.
since it was so hyped up
sounded so good on paper
i ended up retuning the product.
let everything calm down
tried it again with the same results
taking it back today
then it just stopped working
i accidentally got soap in my eye while washing my face the other night
the stripping of the skin left me disappointed
i felt tight immediately.
along my chin after using it
the only upside was that there was no feeling of having a film on my face after washing
i grabbed this for the price
the bumps went away
the sides of my jose felt like they were going to crack
it just froze whatever breakouts i had
tried to rescue my skin with masks
from there on out the breakouts did not stop
turned into a nightmare for me
now it makes my skin break out even where i had never experienced break outs before
after i put it on my face
i found my skin start to turn red
i stopped using it and returned it!
on the plus side
the rest of my skin routine has remained the same
this cream caused me to break out like crazy.
i find that i'm not grabbing this one as a first choice
i started breaking out
stopped using it and my skin cleared up.
then when i looked at the ingredients
i actually threw it away before i even finished it
it caused my skin to break out
the last bottle i got dried my skin out so badly
it didn't repair at all
it did mess up my chin badly
i tried stopping use
the perk came in a tube
i really enjoyed putting this serum on just to give my skin a little pick me up before i ran err
the product would ball up on my skin when used as a primer
after that my t zone became a bit oily
my foundation is falling off
when when you did put my foundation on top
sometimes it would ball up
separate on my face after applying it
it kind of balled up on my face
as i rubbed it in it kind of balled up in my face
still trying to get the hang of it!
oil away all day
it broke me out
it resulted in break outs
i ended up returning this cleansing oil.
was washing that off
right off the bat, i had some issues with this.
after using it for a week i noticed two chunks of my lashes fell out
i returned it right away!
switched back to give it one more chance
then i will tone
it starts to ball up when you touch your skin
there was no straw connected to the pump
ing upright without having to smack it every time
which is why i gave it three stars
their regular squalane oil both broke me out overnight
sadly this broke me out
it did the complete opposite
it broke me out whenever i used it
it broke me out badly
it made me break out :
i just started breaking out again after
it dried my skin out so much that i started breaking out even more than usual
i got the small version with my points
it's not preventing me from breaking out
the best way to use this was really suddzing it up with water first in the h
then applying it to the face
i appreciated the flip top cap
after a week i noticed white heads showing up all over my face
days i wore makeup, it slid off.
then throughout the day it turns into an oily mess
it just stopped working on my skin
it's separating my foundation
it did the complete opposite
also found that my skin was breaking out while using it
this missed the mark by a long shot
still have two packets left
i read somewhere that aha's sit on top of the skin
will finish this bottle then return to water drop
only had to use one oil sheet to blot vs two
ball up on the skin
i ended up having to wash it off
i tried it again a second time
unfortunately it broke me out.
tried to see it through
it broke me out so bad after just two usages.
it took me a good 2 weeks to control all the break out
almost has a powder feel to the face after applied
probably gave me less time before my foundation broke down than with other products i like
though it helped keep my oils at bay
i tried it on just washed face
i ran out of my usual
trying it on your neck in case you too break out
i returned it and went back to my origins ginzing
on top of that if it gets into your eyes
my eyes immediately begin to water
i immediately returned it.
my face was an oil slick by the end of the day
was left completely disappointed
i tried using it lightly
i will be sending this back.
ended up washing everything off
not even after five minutes my face became extremely greasy
which is why it drew me in
i still decided to take the plunge
consistency however i broke out within a week of use
it never stopped and only got worse.
even after switching off the br
it took awhile to get it all cleared up
t's more just trying to get ahead of the game
was so upset when i opened it
it was half to 3/4 empty tube!
it blew me away
i wanted to try it out since it came in my playbox
this just felt heavy
this one went back to the store
after finally biting the bullet
all except the parts that broke out
was really bummed my skin broke out so badly because the sephora clerk really played this up as my go to for my discoloration
i wanted to just pull through
this product broke me out badly
i ended up squeezing the tube about halfway before having any of the eye cream getting dispensed
so bonus points there
so bonus points there
instagram really pulled me into this product.
it just broke me out
had to return the product.
i put it on my face once
felt like straight up oil
when i applied straight to my face for hydration it took ages to absorb
it gave me milia.
it just sat on my face all day
ended up only using it for my lips
plus it broke me out
which is when i just settled to putting it on alone
the product started spoiling
the product was kept in an upright position the entire time
felt good once it was put run in the skin
i found it started to dry out the skin around my mouth
basically disappeared on my skin
i never, ever break out.
the day after using this product i woke up looking like i rubbed dirt all over my face
it ruined my face
my entire face was red
even when i returned it
this is basically just rose hip oil.
i've never had so many break outs
when i put this on my face
i stopped using it as a oil for all over the face
nterested in trying it out on my face
once i tried in on my face
the oil just sat on my face
i could literally feel my makeup just sitting on top of the oil
ended up bringing it back
it just sits on top off the skin
ended up spending over $65 when all was said
put your hard earned money towards a br
i always ended up the same way
it broke me out so bad and nothing breaks me out.
it made me break out
this just made my face break out
i tried it on before putting on my foundation.
after a little while it seemed as my make up was melting off
after using it for two days dried out the skin around my eyes
it had to be returned.
i fell victim to the hype surrounding this product
but in 2 days i broke out!
my entire chin area broke out badly
was so excited to try this product for over months when finally get to my local sephora i run away
i don't break out
i never break out
i ended up returning it after trying it.
immediately commented on it first time i wore it
in the long run
completely fell for the hype
ended up tossing it in the trash
finally decided to give it a try
i lose the rose gold one
it broke me out
it broke up my foundation
then i realized it's water
waited forever for it to deliver
it just sat on top of my skin
after going back to the old one i thought my acne would disappear
when i stopped using the base i stopped having breakoutsnot worth the money
has helped banish some of my millia
in the long run
made me break out after one day of use!
i rarely have break outs
tested it on the back of our h
the next day i immediately used it as a primer as it says to- i was a greaseball 30 mins after putting my makeup on
tried mixing it in with my foundation
wearing it as the first step of my skin care routine before my make up
the product itself did not blow me away
this thing broke me out.
made me break out
the moment i opened the bottle
i actually liked the rose gold elixer when i tried it
this product has been shoved down our throats by every major influencer
i took it back.
went right back to the store
sephora got it in first
when you first put it on it feels soft
only problem was 2 hours later my face was an oil slick
woke up with it all stuck to my face
ended up looking like i left a strip club
it broke me out all over
so sparkly buuuuttt it made my face break out
my skin just didn't what so ever i started breaking out in parts were i never break out it smells amazing
did nothing for me, over hyped, i returned this.
i returned it and opted for the rose gold eilxir.
slid around without tugging
picking it up at a local shop
i think they missed the mark here
when i saw this come out i knew i had to try it
made my foundation slip
it immediately mattifies the face
walk outside my face looks like i just ran a marathon
had to return my new bottle
this was another miss for me as it caused a breakout that completely cleared within a week
my face has broken out
foundation sit on top of it
it broke me out!!
it went on smoothly
took awhile to actually absorb into my skin
that just puts a rotten cherry on top.
it stays on top
also took all of the oil off.
it broke me out so bad
i will finish this bottle
well when i used it in the morning yes it looked like my black heads were gone
t just covered up the black spots n made it look like they were gone
when i saw this
have had deep set in black heads for as long as i remember
you barely get a drop
this new cream broke me out immediately
gave this mask a try three different times
so when i received this mask in the mail i was excited until i opened the box
i also had high hopes for this face masks.
shame on you (gives sephora the middle finger)
i broke out almost immediately
returned it as it was very sticky on the skin
s down love the extended thirst relief cream
this one was a major let down
i saw this mask at sephora while shopping for other stuff
i leaned over to pick something up
the whole mask fell off
oil that i was trying to rid of
it took me 8 minutes just to make it stay on my face
it constantly rolled up on the sides
fell on the ground
for $17cad i waited until the sephora vib rouge 15% off sale to pick it up
when i put it on my face i noticed there were 2 whole in it
i took my time with it
it hung off my nose super bad
went way past my hair line
it also went almost up to my ears
had to lay down while using it to get it to not fall off
my face looked like it was threatening to break out
gave me an instant headache :
the rubber mask was so flimsy that if you barely pulled it would break apart
i saw this floating around on instagram
when i put it on
after i put it on it felt amazing
this gave me no problems at all
but it more then fell short for my skin.
i kept the mask on for 20 minutes
the break out in not only my t zone
didn't absorb into my skin after 40 minutes
however after i rubbed what i could in
the rubber mask came in two pieces which was fine
it disintegrated before i could even get it on my face
jart rubber masks when they first came out
the packing definitely grabbed my attention
is placed on the face like a sheet mask
cooling while i wore it for about 40 mins
after i took the mask off
it followed the directions completely
the mask ripped very easily
it would just dig into the mask which was my fault
i just decided to throw away a piece that ripped off
it kept falling everywhere
rubbed in the remaining product after 40 minutes
after the mask came off it was just disappointing
the mask when i pulled it out was ripped in multiple places
like someone sat on it
it kept sliding around
the rubber part of the mask is a well thought idea to keep all the product in place
the rubber masks tore both times i've used them
it felt so luxurious when i put it on
didn't break me out
the cream went on smooth and felt nice initially.
it was obviously sitting on top of my skin all night
i looked up why my skin may have reacted
all they did was pack on the oil
just left an film on it
was anxious to try it out
and it made my skin break out.
since i was running late i left it like that
it was so heavy
is broke me out
stopped using it for awhile until my face cleared up
i then went ahead
reintroduced it back on my skin
this broke my chin
i don't break out
this made me break out in the worst way
after a week of using it i noticed my skin began to react to it
my skin went back to how it regularly is
decided to pick one up
my break outs are worse than usual
yet my entire face was a grease bomb
my makeup had separated
was sliding off my face at the end of the day
it took forever to go away :
when i picked at them
it was water that came out
turns out this product pushed me over the line of too much hyaluronic acid
i started breaking out
and i never break out!!!
before i used this my skin was perfectly fine!
my face started drying out in my problem areas :
it took a few hours to sink into my skin
have literally tried everything on my face
oh well, sending back.
i went through every last drop of this serum
wanted to try to again in hopes that this wasn't the culprit
woke up with even more break outs
it did temporarily give my face a glow though.
when i washed it off my face
when i started using this there was is clear liquid that separated from the cream
no matter how much i shook it or mixed it
it still remained separate
sadly this serum broke me out badly
it broke up my makeup
i ended up returning it
my face also felt extremely tight after a while.
so i gave it a go.
it just rolled off of my skin
started breaking out all over my forehead
i even followed the directions in the video
i own the entire line
reverse the very fine lines i am getting under my eyes
it’s way past the return window now
worst of all it turned very foul-smelling in just a few months
i've kept it around as a backup if i run out of my good stuff
after trying it again
as soon as i stepped outside into the heat
never had an issue with an eye cream before.
after washing this off it left a film on my skin
this is getting returned.
the product will leak if you put it straight up
took me a long time to clean the shelf where i put this product
it is breaking me out
i broke out around my nose
this is going back.
i put it laying down, i put it standing up.
i picked this up at the last sephora rouge shopping event
the bottle is horrendous
i came home after the first day of using it to find a huge amount of product had leaked out cus i hadn't closed it tight enough
i lost half the bottle to the leaking cap
then my sister sat it up on the cap in our bathroom without noticing
i lost half of what was left
i even double-checked that i had closed it properly
i lost half a bottle from it seeping in my shower
i broke out so
like haven't broken out that bad since before i started using their products
it was super upsetting when i woke up with a ton of zits after using this 2-3 times
my skin is finally going back to normal after the chaos this cause me
they responded telling me to return my product
made me break out
barely washed off my make up
went back to my normal one
first time it happened
i made sure the cap "clicked" when i closed it
even when i closed the bottle as tightly as i could
increased sensitivity to all the products i put on afterwards like my skin had been peeled off
lip make-up then went back in
after the second time my face felt irritated
given my love for their products i jumped at the chance to buy this cleanser during the vib rouge early access event
the cap is a twist to open it
if it clicks it is supposed to be closed shut
the cleanser has leaked all over the place
having an exposed opening on the bottom of the container also seems pretty unsanitary to me
which i'm assuming was caused by the build up of bacteria on the stick
if just felt like i was moving little balls around on my face
then i started breaking out.
hoping i was breaking out for another reason
i actually just threw them both away today which i hated
i would find them stuck to my neck
my skin went back to normal
every time i did it made my face so red
it cleaned up my black heads like i've never seen that clean
when i first saw this mask, i know i needed this.
the mask made me breakout.
my face broke out only where i applied this mask
looked at the description closer
i love this mask from before
like the container is empty
fun to put on/ take off
i see people keep saying it took away redness.
overall the mask took away a lot of oil from my skin
never sets so you have to set a timer to know when to remove it
never going to put this on my face again
it took me 4 minutes
i used it three times before i had to throw it out
i've never had a face mask break me out so badly before
went to bed hoping to not do further damage
tried it at home
i find i get best results by rubbing it over my face
has a tack to it after using this
more than half of the ball is gone
went out of my way to keep it dry
never ran it under water
patted it 100% dry after every use
its disappearing on its own
i opened it per the directions
i ended up tossing after a week.
in the end i had to return it
i would leave it in a bag after i patted it dry
when i came back to it in a few days the bag would have foam in it
i jumped on this when the description mentioned it comes with a case
it doesn't close and leaks all over the place.
i can't justify the cost when the ball has already shrunk like crazy after 3 or 4 washes
i don't like how it just sits in the plastic bottom after using it
my suggestion is to pass on this one
i wanted to try out a new face mask
picked this one up today
when i first put it on it tingled
once i took off the mask my face was left red
caused me to break out
my skin immediately cleared up
it took forever to absorb
it made my face hot
it really made me break out
in the morning i had trouble getting all of the flakes
description pulled me in
i literally tried hunting this down at every sephora location in the la area
so when i finally came across it in store
i tried mixing it around
i returned this right away.
immediately put it in my shopping bag
unfortunately it broke me out
when i woke up i had not-so-perfect skin
back to the store it went!
the box gives two options: to use as a sleeping mask
my skin was back to its usual self
this absolutely ravaged my face
this product broke me out.
ended up with bumps no thanks
i ended up being completely disappointed by this product
i accidentally grabbed this instead of an eye cream
finding it's causing some break outs
i gave it 3 stars because it would only even my skin tone
sadly, i never quit breaking out while using it.
the pimples quit coming as soon as i stopped using it
ended up returning the product to the store.
it broke my skin out and irritated my checks.
i stuck with it since i was using other products
had to return this because it made my
the rest lacked in showing up
when i first started using it
i began breaking out
stopped using that one
still hasn't gone away
i quickly went back to my old firming serum from philosophy
this never happened before.
but then the smell goes away quickly.
i could barely stand to put it on my face.
i broke out from this product.
break out like it was the end of the world
i actually ended up starting to notice very dominant hairs on my chin that were never there before i started using this stuff
i felt like when i wore this under make up
like baby throw up
on the plus side though
it just broke me out!
unfortunately it broke me out
this product unfortunately broke me out
when i tried it a second time i tried putting on a thicker layer
this made my entire face so dry it ended up peeling
i returned so fast
when i first put it on
when i awoke in the morning i found that my lips were not "baby soft" as promised
i put this on and woke up feeling the same.
i finally started using regular aquaphor from drugstore
ultimately i returned it
then i broke out in little red dots with this being the only thing that changed i my regimine
it didn't weigh me down
it sat on my face and made it sticky all day.
sitting on only half of my face
before getting this from them i had never heard of this br
after putting it on
it ruined my face for 3 days
when my product ran out i switched to philosophy's purity made simple
my face has cleared up
it broke my face out within a day
each time i broke out all over my face
healthy the first day i tried it
i tried it out along with the eye cream
i broke out all over my face- more spots than i had when i was 16
it made my foundation
ended up returning it because it just didn't work for my dry
i ended up breaking out because of it.
i've tried a lot of face masks before
when i saw this new product
it was just fine
i just felt like it sat on my skin
same as when i put the mask on
i still wanted to give it a shot
this is the first time i've reacted with one
i wasn't blown away
left it for 15 mins
my entire face was red.
it made me break out after one use
when i first tried it
i broke out all over my t-zone!
break me out so bad
it went on nicely, and washed off easily.
once i washed it off my skin looked exactly the same
i just finished my 3rd mask
this one is a complete let down
after i washed it off
my skin started to break out like crazy
this mask totally set me back
literally every time i wore it
try to wipe it off
when i first put this on
is okay after a while
for the amount i spent i was very surprised at how small the tube was when it arrived
the next morning i chucked the rest of the sample because i couldn't bring myself to try it again
i just tried it on for the first time.
the thing that made me return it is that it settled in my pores around my nose
i ended up returning it
it broke me out so bad.
well instead it broke me out
that could have also been due to returning from vacation as my skin cleared up by the end of the trial
i got to try a week's worth of this serum for free through influenster
it was my first clarins product
it also took awhile to absorb into the skin.
just sat on top of my skin instead
i still felt like it was sitting on top of my skin instead of being absorbed for a very long time
i almost wonder if it wiped off in my sleep on my pillow
i began to have a really bad breakout as soon as i started using this product
i also had no break outs while using this product
immediately after open the packet i was hit with an over powering almost rose scent
it may have broken me out on my chin a bit
or even my right smile line go away
my eyes began to sting despite not placing the product too close to my eyes
it made me look like a walking stick or
sit on top of my skin
i almost felt as if i was putting perfume on my face
i immediately was turned off by the way you open each sample
overall the level of greasyness was a turn off making me want to instantly cleanse my face
losing credibility with me...
i will finish the bottle
applied it on with a q-tips just enough to cover the trouble spots before bed
turned out the spot didn't go smaller or any less red
was excited to give this a shot
instead i'm breaking out even more really disappointed
ended up going to the drugstore
woke up , the bumps were still there .
at this point time was healing my face .
in fact it sat on top my skin
caused me to break out
great to throw on when running to store
then i switched to a different eye cream
then back to this one
it at first dragged me to buy it because of the caffeine boost
start all over again
while this didn't make me break out
it also never sunk into my skin.
this stuff just pills right off
it caused break outs for me
atleast five minutes later my face had beaded bits of
i gave 3 stars because it did support cell turn over
instead of having to rub it off.
got to build up to this like retin a.
it also broke me out never buying it again.
i kept switching foundations thinking that was the problem
i stopped using it
was hoping it didn't break me out
however broke me out
had to stop using it
it made me breakout on my forehead
it broke me out all over my forehead
i realized that it stopped working
it didn't break out my skin
realized that since its in a jar
when i got it in the mail
it sunk in very quickly
the on the go cleanser sounded somewhat similar
i felt it made me break out
maybe that is partly why i broke out
had it not broken me out i might have stuck with it just for the smell alone
after few seconds from cleaning the emergence of drought begins in several areas of the face
it was like it stripped away at my skin.
still have my fingers crossed!
i've barely made a dent in the bottle.
i will go back to dermaquest.
luckily it didn't break me out.
this left alot behind
i've started to break out more
this left me more dehydrated than it was before i used it
it just stripped my skin
it seemed to dry my face out
tried this from the traveling wonders set.
this sat on my skin
took a while to sink in
i recently tried again
when i applied this
i'd wake up my face would be so greasy that it left marks all over my pillow
i noticed my makeup dragged on my face instead of being smooth
like it just sits on top of the skin rather than sinking in
i liked how it glided on
however, the very next day i broke out.
after it dried it started peeling off my face
waited for it to dry
i started to put my foundation on
just "right on top
i will finish the jar
until i noticed that it was really drying out my skin if i missed a day
i redeemed a jar with my points
this pills up so badly
but it made me break out on my forehead.
at first things were ok.
worst part after washing my face
i went through 2x my blotting papers
i just recently broke out so bad
came home from work
will be returning right away.
am nearing the end of the bottle
it balled up on my face
looked like i had chunks on my face
i tried this with a point perk then bought the mini set of 3 little wonders
this product broke me out
tried to wash it off
is now breaking me out
really gave it a chance
and was broken out the whole time.
unfortunately, it made me break out.
am about half way done with the bottle
once i waited for it to dry
the foundation was crumbling up on my face
woke ip the next morning with what looked like big bites on my face
i saw some reviewers said it pilled when they wore makeup
broke me out with bumps on my face!!!
went back to purchase a bottle
ended up returning the bottle in its unopened package lol
after only 3 uses my skin start breaking out
i started to break out!
even after waiting quite a while for it to absorb into skin
even when going make-up free it peels off
i got this in my sephora play box.
but the worst of it is the major pillage.
then when i put on my primer it's just starts peeling
still on the hunt.......
i got it with a trio that also contained a night gel
it broke skin out very badly
i still took the risk
i tried two bottles
this serum broke me out.
my skin cleared up
i just finished the bottle
this made me break out like crazy
i noticed my skin started breaking out more than it usually would
after i put it on
my mistake buying it in the first place!
i am also now breaking out on top of the heavy flow of extra oil
i also got a breakout from it
after applying it to my face
it broke me out within a week of using it
i kept at it for a bit longer in hopes that something else was causing me to break out
as soon as i stopped using it
my skin cleared up
i've never broken out due to a product before
i ended up returning it
i looked shiny/oily within the first hour of using the product
i tried it twice
i continued breaking out
i felt it was just sit on the skin
after using it for a week i broke out all over my face in little bumps
my skin is finally going back to normal
my skin started clearing
i went back to the truth products!
i just used this product for the third time which is a make or break time with me--needless to say it broke
i almost never follow through with returns
this one is going back
became super dry after using it
once i stopped using it my skin went back to normal
i broke out for using it
i also noticed that i broke out a little from it because it was the only change in my routine
on i only used it once before my skin rebelled
in still recovering from the damage
now that i have stopped
every time i touched my face
on the plus side
this is the third bad product i had from fresh.
went to sephora in search of a firming
after it made me break out
knew it was a thick
even then i wake up
even had a few break-outs
couldn't get it off my finger fast enough no way i'd put that on my face
had to dig my fingers through
i also broke out
it broke me out horribly
decided to pick this up
when i first put it on it was fine
just washed it off
i literally threw up after putting this on my face
made my face dry out.
leaving my face suffocated
if i left it on my face
i am finishing my jar before i move on to a different product
when i opened the product
the first jar i got was completely expired
when i opened the jar
the water in the cream had separated
breaks with one fall
i accidentally bought this instead of the renewed hope in a jar
i accidentally ordered this after trying s sample of the renewed hope moisturizer
had to wash it off
return it right away
it went away completely only after two hard scrubs of face wash
couldn't get over it so just threw the jar away.
just take that junk out.
came home this evening he said my face smelled like fish
i never opened the tube before
it has a foil seal which i have not removed before
i still want to heave every time my h
s get close to my face
i got the worst headache from the smell of it still on my h
the worst product i've ever put on my poor face
i finally had to give up
i recently tried it again forgetting how terrible it was now
washed it off because it was unbearable
the moment i applied it to my face
then have to wash it off
i took a break to try a friend's products
so returned to a new jar of hope in a jar
another strange thing i noticed was that it it sat on my skin instead of absorbing
sadly i am sending it back.
within 10 minutes i thought i was going to throw up
proceeded to wash off my face
i then use the left for my legs
will go back to using miracle worker when this runs out
after putting it on
couldn't get over it, this was returned
i liked the whipped
i ended up throwing out half a jar because i couldn't st
so i stopped using it.
i also think it started to make me break out.
i now use it on my neck
i tried to use the new jar
had to scrub it off my face
this made it worst
my skin started breaking out
i decided to use the entire jar before judging
don't know if my jar was expired
then go for it
when i was done with my first bottle
threw it out without hesitation.
however, it broke me out after a week.
had to wash it off
i got it on a deal
i finally decided to try this one
my skin started to clear up
the lid will not screw back on
my skin looked better before.
i stuck to it for a long time
at first my skin was in shock
broke out within 5 minutes
the first 2 weeks my skin purged like crazy
i sent it back today.
my face is already clearing up
i gave this a few try before realizing this was the reason to my troubles
when i stopped using it my skin looked better the acne was even clearing up
finally 3 of them are starting to go away not before leaving some scaring
also putting it on my under eye area
my first time trying fresh.
once i switched products the lines went away
it did give a nice feeling when it was first applied
it looked great under make up
i finished the product
i've bought very high end eye creams before that lasted me up to a year so that's the only part that bothered me
it turns out to be a nightmare
i eventually returned it
i finished the bottle
after using this it was really uncomfortable closing
can't use the last 1/4 of the bottle because of the terrible bottle
then threw it out
returned it for something different.
then it was gone
i ended up returning this product very disappointed
it traveled into my eyes
ended up returning it
the mask left my face red all over after five minutes
it started to feel hot
i just finished my jar of this mask.
well i broke out after one use.
go back to using the bar version
i began to break out after every use.
i went back to my old routine which has helped me a whole lot more than the umbrian clay
it caused my face to break out.
the fact that it didn't break me out or turn me red was a plus
when i applied the product on my face
this has never happened to me before
the first thing i noticed when i opened it up was that it has a very heavy fragrance
this is like the 4th caudalie mositurizer i've tried
made me break out
it actually made my skin break out
tried this returned it because either this
this cleansing milk broke me out.
have to use a wipe afterward to get all the eye make-up off
i find after using this product to clean my face
made me break out
all of my make up was on my towel
it felt gross going on
i broke out really badly
when i first got this product it gave me small
when i came home from school they had spread through the day to cover most of my face in larger patches
i gave it a 3 because of the film it leaves on my face
stung immediately upon using
i broke out after 2 days all over my face.
it made me to back to kores
after using it followed by the toner my face has still a lot of make up on
my face broke out
after you have removed your make-up
i returned for the tried
my face immediately burned
hoping that i just had bad luck in choosing an off bottle
this second exchanged bottle is the same
i don't return much, but i returned this.
after my face started burning
breaking out i switched to ren
but soon realized it was from the cleanser.
then i lost it at the hotel i was in
i immediately took it back
then they changed the formula
i can't get past the film it leaves on my face
i started breaking out almost immediately
which is why i started using it in the first place
saw the new bottle
keeping my fingers crossed that i find something more similar to the old product
when i received the new one in the mail i thought that the product had gone off because the smell was kind of bad
i just opened a new bottle
this left just about everything i'd started with.
no worth to put it on the face.
it left my skin duel and dry.
u think it make some dead skin came off
i gave this a go
i kept it up for a solid month to give my sensitive skin a chance to settle down
my skin immediately went back to normal
i ended up returning
the twisty part at the bottom also kept breaking
when i popped it back on each time a lot of product spilled out :
i used this product until it was completely empty
have tried every spot treatment out there
it did get rid of a trouble spot on the tip of my nose that i've been struggling with for two years
since it goes on clear
i got frustrated with the product
just put it on the tip of my finger
it did not help my break outs at all
but i returned it.
was let down when i saw that the spot were just as dry they didnt get as dry as the murad
it felt like i was putting on water.
this one fell short
this i had to take back
i returned it and am going to keep looking.
i ended up returning this.
it actually made me break out a little.
i washed it off immediately
this eye treatment is the first one i've bought to start helping with dark circles
the fine lines also stayed.
i tried waiting for an hour before i rubbed my eyes
at first i thought it was the dry climate
as soon as i stopped using this eye cream all of my issues disappeared
when i was trying it out
was headed out the door
the fine lines would start to creep back
2 oz took about a year to finish
maybe i put too muhc under my eyes
got the mini for 100 points
it went on easily but that was it.
after a while it started to break me out.
after falling in love with the korres sleeping oil i decided to give this product a try
it never absorbed into my skin all the way
it also broke me out so i had to stop using it.
this stuff broke me out
it just seemed to be pushed around on top of your skin
it broke me out
my boyfriend could even smell it a while after i put it on
first let me start by saying i'm normal skin
i gave it a shot.... it's heading back.
worked for a little while
it sent my skin into oil production overdrive
m taking it back
it also broke me out a bit
i wasn't blown away with this product
my moisturizer exploded on the plane
grabbed this due to the minimal chemicals
really liked the wild rose night mask
the sleeping facial in wild rose worked great for me
i just wanted a clenser to remove everything without the extra steps to save time
even after washing my face as directed
my skin has been breaking out
i even stopped using it
i picked it back up
started breaking out again
i tried to give it a few chances
it again made me break out so much
in fact, i ended up getting three huge pimples.
i finally needed another bottle
broke me out in places i have never had an issue with before
i've gone through a couple bottles of this
i still have to deal with the marks left
i tried this product again
my towel still had orange all over it once i patted my face dry
this was the first product from philosophy that i've tried
was happy it didn't make my face break out
it broke both me
i failed to check the label before picking this up
this product completely breaks it out
accidentally get some in my mouth
has the worst chemical smell ever after a few seconds
i got this in my play box
my skin felt stripped and ended up breaking out.
every time it made me break out
broke me out really bad
got this in my play by sephora
unfortunately it broke my face out
my nose got better when i stopped using this
just threw the rest away
so was my back
then suddenly it clicked
i went through almost an entire tube of this cleanser--which took about 4
it mostly just sat on the top of my skin
every day my facial break out was getting worse
my face cleared up
especially after i went back to dermalogica
broke out like crazy
i took the plunge
was lookig for something to tone it down
decided to use it only on one of my cheeks
compare it to my other cheek after 8 weeks
the cap doesnt let you st
it upside down very easily
first bottle i sent back for not having a tube attached to the pump
evidently that was the intent as the second was the same
i do not have to worry about the bottle exploding in my bag
it took a while for it to dry on my skin.
since using it i have broken out pretty bad.
i actually returned the product
it instantly turned me red
i gave this the full try using it faithfully until the last drop
its only work for 1 battle after its ok
am stuck with this garbage
i really wouldn't hand his to my worst enemy!
when i put it on
had to stop using it because my skin became really dry
turns out i had to just wait it out
after finishing the jar
something i've never struggled with before
the half of my face i've been using it on is broken out
is just as red as before
this stuff has calmed
the first week my skin seemed to get worse.
made me break out, returned it....
when i pried off the cover today
after the second week i started to break out on my cheeks
i broke out very badly i won't buy this again
i only use it on my left eye
ended up returning because it smells so bad
then it seemed my skin got used to it
my circles come back--could be i'm just tired at the end of the day
after my first application of this product i was asked by several people if i had been hit on the eyes
later on i honestly looked as though i'd been punched on each eye
needless to say this product was promptly returned
over my eye when i use
left my face calm
well after less than 1 week of use it completely crumbled in my h
into a million little pieces
also, it broke apart the third time i used it.
i gave it two stars
this bar was disappointing
after a few uses my bar has just continued to crumble into little pieces
after spending $40 it's sad that this bar has just crumbled into tiny hard to use pieces
s instead of my face
i wind up with a dry bar pulling on my skin
i already took it out of my facial routine
it practically fell apart from the moisture
ended up becoming a big pile of clay in the bottom of my tub
it went back to the store.
it broke me out after 1st used
my acne got cleared out right after stopped using this clay
i end up loosing alot of the bar
or i end up with little pieces
when wet eventually broke into chunks
i ended up with a muddy mess in my tub
however, it broke me out, kinda badly.
well wrong, wrong, and wrong again.
over just to get some of the product onto my face
slides off my fingers a lot of the time before i can get it on my face so then i end up needing more
just try to hold my breathe
just slips around/off my face
1st time i tried this only around the eye area to remove make up
i broke out in tiny bumps after i started using this
it slips right off my face
i just got done getting rid of a break out before using this
within the month i used the cleanser it broke my skin out
it wasn't helping out at all now i'm back to square one trying to get rid of another bad break out
i wasn't blown away by it
after persistent convincing on multiple occasions i finally broke down
i steal it every once
recently i ran out
this was a miss for me
i applied it as instructed on my clean face.
this is not fore me!
when i applied to my face it felt like it was on fire
when i put this on it burned like no other face mask i've ever used
left a mate finish that i got out of less expensive products before
the first time i used it my skin came out super smooth
when i stopped using the clay
my skin returned to normal
the bottle last forever only because it feel like a drag for me to pick it up
i washed my face twice in a row
the first time i tried it
s onto the face about 4-5 times
it definitely worked better when i followed the instructions
my face quickly went back to the greasy shortening feeling
guess i'll finish the container
really press into the skin
sticky my foundation was so hard to put on my brush kept catching
my foundation still looked off
it sat on top of my face
t broke me out really quickly
it just ended up ruining my skin for at least a week
just sits on the top
it was fine at first
my skin had reacted
i immediately threw it away
returned to my usual stuff
my skin is recovered now
tried this on in the store when i was looking to replace my clinique pep-start
the finished product was just ok
nose are working overtime to produce oil leaving them very oilily
when i finally went out
so that was strike one
made my skin break out
this really just fell short of the mark
just isnt the right place for it.
then within 20 minutes my nose was shiny
really missed the mark on this one.
caused my foundation to sit on top of the skin
caused me to break out
did this ever ramp that up
to the point where i rubbed the back of my h
made me break out
i used my sample 2 times under my foundation to my horror my make up looked like it was running off my face
i threw the rest of the sample in the garbage.
allowing foundation to go on smoothly
my nails dig into it every time
then goes back to oily
used it literally once
and had a terrible breakout from it.
this dried out my face so badly!!
i broke out in small bumps prior to them shrinking
i went through a whole bottle
it broke me out by the next day
hasn't broken out at all
while it went on nice
each time it has made me break out like crazy
i finished the entire bottle
it broke me out terribly
this made me break out horrible with little bumps that i never have
when i discontinued use they went away slowly
considering the length of time it took for the reaction to cease
on the 3rd day i woke up with so many breakouts all over my chin
i wanted this to tone it down
because i ran out
immediately after use my skin became tight
do i think it took all the junk off of my face?
i put it on my face, and had no lather at all.
when i went to wash it off my face
my face was left all red
i looked it up in beatypedia
i've started noticing that i need to address my under eye bag issue
i also started noticing that it started itching too
cool down my eyes when i apply it
i finished the whole bottle
saw results with my under eye bags immediately
i am going to stick with tried
this made my eyes feel like they were on fire!
i returned it immediately
my hopes were dashed
will go back to clinique.
sephora took it back without any hassle
i end up putting another eye hydrator on top of it
i may have applied this incorrectly as i patted it into my skin instead of using a sweeping motion
it will go away for a min
after using it for a few days i found that i was breaking out around my cheeks
or tightened my face
then patted this onto my face
all day i would catch glimpses of myself
setting almost like a mask
just turns me away.
wonderful feeling for about 5 seconds after i apply it
maybe i need to turn down the lights.
radiant when i step off the plane
i must have missed the 'tightens' bit
because i put it on
dried out my skin to the point that i was having massive break outs due to my thirsty skin
greasy product that broke my face out
i started with only using one pump with each wash
eventually went up to 3-4 pumps for each wash
it make my eyes sting every single time
felt much more evened out
had to return it because i couldn't deal with how it burned my eyes when it got into them
when i finally got it
after using this product for about a week i began getting really dry around my nose
i think it stripped too much away from my face.
i think i got more product on the side of the bottle than on my fingers
i would use it again when this one runs out
felt like a slap in the face from dr
after a few days of use i realized the cleanser was causing my lips to chap
the following week i pulled my lips in
clinched them tight in order to use this product
i used half bottle
get my money back
i tried using this all over my face
i decided to give it a shot
decided to return the product
my face broke out worst than it ever has
the line is that it came sealed so you know that the product was fresh
instead it broke me out more
so i returned it.
cause my skin to break out
plus it made me break out
i don't like putting two things on my face at once
this product caused me to break out.
i didn't break out any worse than before i began using it
the first time i thought it felt really good on my face until someone pointed out that it had made my face go very blotchy
the second time i used it on my legs
this time it broke my face out
ing straight up to get out all the product
i almost feel like sending it back as the order is not as pictured/described
i ended up using eucerin
it will be returned.
the container is so huge that it ends up expiring
make sure to check the date on the bottom
it's frustrating to spend money on a big bottle of something that you have to throw out after a few months
after only a few seconds his face started tingling
he was left with burning sensation
ultimately he had to wash it off.
i tried putting on less
it felt like it took a great deal of time to set in
it's started to break me out
have not strayed from any other part of my skin routine- clarisonic
i heaved a sigh of relief
i started to break out almost immediately
all evening it's been balling up on my face
only after the greasyness goes away
my skin started breaking out
i went back in today
broke out my skin
just stayed on top
i would give it a higher score
just trying this out for the first time
it just sat on top of my skin.
it was weird when im laying down
also made my skin break out
it broke down my makeup
i just got into really taking care of my skin
decided to just try this one looked like a grease ball
my face freaked out on me will return
my make up held out very well over it
my fair skin stayed fair the couple days i wore this
as the day wore on it left me really shiny.
it caused me break outs on areas i do not really see break outs on
the first day i tried it i noticed my skin was extra oily
worked well for the first bottle
after continued use the results stopped
tone eventually went back to square one
second day i realized that it had made me break out like never before
it evaporated pretty quickly
break outs started going away
continued to once i stopped using
fell in love with it
would have kept it
after waited 5min, it is so flaky.
when i touch my face the product just rolls off.
as my skin has suffered from the cold
while it seemed really lightweight when i put it on within an hour or so of wearing it my face felt very greasy
it doesnt absorbed quickly on my skin like the other viewers claimed
i spent $36 for my face to break out.
my face had never broken out that bad ever.
in it and it made me break out.
i'll say up front that this is my first venture into pricey cleansers
stopped by sephora to pick it up
it only made it worst
his skin began to crack
when i got home
when i got into bed
in the end i ended up returning it
somewhat evened out tone
in fact i brought it back for a credit
too heavy..i broke out.
it didn't help with the fine lines that have started to appear under my eyes
decided to go back to origins
the sephora employee went straight to dermadoctor
not only did the cracked skin continue
which fixed the problem in 4 days flat
had to stop because i started getting millias
when i opened the container the first shell of the top lid was cracked
ended up returning it.
went back to what i was using because i saw no results
apparently they use this cream under make up at the beauty studio
after having a horrible reaction to an eye cream from a very high end line
i returned to the store in a panic
i realized i hit the bottom of the jar
they basically put a tiny jar inside of a huge jar
frankly i feel a little ripped off
this product balled up on my face
i would have returned this
for a while i used it over my entire face
have stopped using this product
i especially have this very deep fine line on my left eye that's been bothering me
she convinced me that murad's reps came with before
" "it worked on me
i took the bait
maybe it went down by 10%?
i put a tiny drop on my finger
half of the bottle is gone
just stopped using it
this was in an unopen box
to top it all off i go into sephora to pick up a bottle to send to my mom
i actually had to put neosporin under my eyes one night because this was burning the deep crease i now have under my eyes from the area being so dry
tear up every time i used it
after reading the reveiws for murad eye cream i decided to give it a try
had to bring it back.
i took it back to sephora
ended up returning it to try the new dermologica line "clean start"
i eventually got used to it
i wasn't blown away.
i left this on for 20 minutes as directed
all i got a was a sticky mess sitting on my face
my skin looked exactly the same after i washed it off
decided to give this one a shot
the product really messed up my skin
bought it right away
when i had it on my face
when i had the mask on
cucumber mask will have a similar effect without breaking the bank
i went through a whole jar of this hoping that it will live up to its description of "renewing
i returned it back.
when you first put this on it is thick
it also left it dry as a result
i get a white head from time to time
broke out on the third day
when i used it at home it absorbed quickly
then something changed and it ...stopped.
it suddenly broke me out with little bumps
maybe i got a dried out container
i used this until the jar was gone
made me tear right from the start
but having ordered it, i tried it.
i felt they put the same product in a small jar
maybe the container i got was near expiration?
by the end of the day my eyes just hurt
this had to go back.
had to send it back.
however when i put it on
the moisturizer started crumbling off my face
i tried this after my skin reacted badly to retin a
the foundation ends up crumbling
type film left on top :
it didn't "sink" in at all
so when i ran out of moisturizer i thought i would try this
very time i used it i was let down
i couldn't put on make-up for quite a while
when i first tried it absorbed really fast
after it set in my skin after a few minutes i rubbed my face
give that about 5min to set
this went back unfortunately
broke me out very bad
it broke me out both around my mouth
i've noticed that it also dried out my entire face
my face broke out all over
i woke up to lackluster results
once absorbed they are right back
gave this eye cream a shot
this was the second philosophy product that i tried
was told to return it to sephora
went with another eye cream
it gave me fine lines around my lips which i did not have
it gave me more fine lines plus millia seeds
i got this as part of a gift set
hated it from the first use
maybe mine is expired or something
when i try to spread it i end up pulling my skin too much
i only gave it a three star rating because i only use it as a lip cream
i ran out of eye cream
the fine lines are back
it made me break out
it didn't absorb into my face
having it so close to my nose
i turned this into a h
ended up tossing it
even worst was that it really burned
i gave it a shot for a week
back to liquid i go, again!
my skin broke out badly.
i broke out all along my chin
lines around my eyes started to pop up almost out of no where
i only suggest that you cut a chunk off first
along with the other two steps
my face broke out really bad after only using it for 3 days
it seemed to sit on my skin for a long time
i also felt this went on a bit heavy
had just finished shower so no contamination.
did it fight gravity?
did it firm my eye?
once i'm done with this bottle.
my face was irritated / red the whole week i used it
s over your face
end up using a second cleanser to get this one off
i felt like i could never get all of this washed off
ended up being a pretty big fail for me
this broke me out so hard on my chin
definitely returning this product back.
i tried this and it instantly dried my face out.
took a while to work it in
my face broke out the next day
after suffering from eye bags since i was 12
only to find that my eye bags looked exactly the same
decided to try this "all about the eyes" cream
for the first time i have bags under my eyes
just finished the whole tub of this.
thought i'd give it a shot
even after i tossed the container
doesn't make it slide off
this was a total miss for me.
just for the rest of my face
once i stopped using the cream the teary
not overwhelmed by it.
i got this for the husb
it made my skin look more oily and broke me out.
tried it out for about 2 weeks to see if the break outs were maybe caused by my skin just adjusting to the new product
went to give it a try again
i stopped using it
my skin began to turn back to how it normally is
even with no foundation i found myself having to dab my face within 3 hours
since its not oil free it broke me out
got it with my points
only used my points
've stopped using it
then it made my face look
i looked so oily i had to stop using it.
sadly it broke me out
unfortunately it broke me out again :/
the second purchase made my skin break out
you lost me on this one
when i first apply it i feel a slight tingling sensation that goes away after a couple of minutes
again the 2star is just me.
i got the small one
though i was put off by the colour
the fact that the petals kind of melted away when you put it on freaked me out
broke me out in my oilier areas
which caused my normal foundation routine to break up
when i take it off
made me break out.
but i returned it.
since i was going for something to replenish my skin
i actually gasped when i opened it
i washed it off early
t stung when on
after using it i found it gave me a bit of a glow
that went away quickly
as i've never broken out like this before in my life
/or box when i get home
i returned it since i need better sun protection.
when i came across this product i just had to try it
every night my face broke out even more
luckily i could return it
it never seemed to sink in
i stopped using it because it caused my skin to break out
breaks me out horribly
i'll go back to this one
i burned each time i used it
went back to it recently
while this didn't break me out
it made my skin break out
break out from time to time
now that i've stopped using it
my face cleared up instantly
i started breaking out after a while using it
oil on my face has never been out of control
i gave it three starts bc the product is indeed excellent at taking off makeup
it took a long break with tatcha products for the acne flare up that was caused by this product to finally go away
i stopped using this
after having massaged this stuff all over my face
this won't cut it
this broke me out big time!
worst of all it leaves a film with left over foundation all over the face
it will go back!
it also left a film on my face.
it off my face
it got most off
after one night of use i broke out all over my eyes
i returned the cream
for some strange reason unbeknownst to me i stopped using it
in the eye area that have not gone away since using this
put the blame on my staying up too late maybe i didn't realize till i was in bed how tired my eyes were
the next time i decided to give it a try again it was daytime before i put on my makeup i dabbed some of this eye cream again 30 mins later my eyes were stinging
i will have half of the eye cream left
the tube inside the pump is so short
second, it burned.. like mad.
i mean one in which my eyes started to water
third, it did cause me to break out.
the pump stopped working
have to use a q tip to get it out
i never break out at that spot
they went away after i stopped using this product
the upsides:this eye cream had everything that i wanted
after rinsing my eyes for about 5 minutes they started to feel better
naturally when i got home
i threw my sample of this eye cream in the trash
within minutes my eyes were on fire
the sample went into the garbage after i washed the cream off
this one had my eyes irritated for over 15 minutes before i could contain myself
it feels thick when you first put it on
i knew i was taking a chance purchasing his vitamin c eye cream without trying it first
whoever decided to start putting spfs into eye creams was so wrong
my eyes are tearing right now at just the memory of how awful this was
i used a whole bottle of this eye cream over the course of a year
found if i tear
a half of using this some of the product got onto my lashes
3 hours later rubbed into my eye
had to pull over because i could not keep my eyes open
it seemed to wear off rather quickly
it won't take off heavy make up.
the product would only foam up half-heartedly after a while
irritated afterwards as well
this doesn't pack a punch
the foam fizzled out so quickly that i didn't feel like it had a chance to really clean my face
wasn't blown away by it
this cleanser has left its mark on my face
it made me break out
just slide off my face
my mascara just ran down my face
i started to break out in places i never did before
i broke out all over my cheeks
i would totally pass on this :(
then trying to wash it off
after i used this i had a huge break out
my skin broke out
within the first week i got a ton of texture on my forehead
clinque really messed my skin up for a good couple months
still felt dry after each use
one i could pick up at the drug store
i did find that my make up was coming off
it made me break out terribly
it just didn't set well with my skin
had to wash my face twice to get make up all off.
since my face has switched from dry to oily i've just about given up on clinique products
my face broke out immediately mostly in the chin area
i kept using this until the product was gone
i returned back to the face wash i was using before
the high hopes i had for this were dashed after i tried using it
it shifted under my makeup
it just pills when i put it on
even with my trusty high end long wear full coverage foundation
whenever i go to squeeze product out
i've tried shaking it but it doesn't help at all.
i'll finish the one i have
stick to the porefessional after this bottle is finished
i gave it another chance
i put this on where large pores shows then i put my foundation
when i put this on
then apply my foundation
it was worst when i put foundation on
this one made my face break out pretty bad
my foundation has separated so bad
i figured i'd give this a shot
after about 2 weeks i noticed i was breaking out badly in my t zone
makes me foundation slide off
i got this as a spear point perk
this just gets stuck in them
decided to try this out
just return both sets
my foundation was sliding off of my face within an hour
nope at the end of the day my make up looked exactly the same on both sides
my oil comes right through it
right out of the tube it was orange on me
it seemed to fade away into my skin
it makes my foundation slip off
i stopped using it.
i got swayed by the hype
everything i put on turned to an amazing shade of orange within minutes
one of the worst i've ever tied
i rarely break out next to my nose
i started noticing break outs
guess i'm stuck with it
except for running into my eyes when i slept
this means i'll go through it in no time flat
instead, it made me break out.
i finally stopped using the product
thankfully my skin is clearing up
it broke me out
it broke me out as soon as i started using it
it broke me out
even more make up comes off
just lays on top
basically just rolled off of my bb cream making my makeup feel
lots of residue was left afterwards.
ended up returning all of it
and i started to break out after using it.
not reach my expecation on lancome.
i end up having to use a second cleanser to do the job
i ended up having to wash my face over
i've used about half the bottle
just started using it
drying when first put on
on the plus side
this was the nail in the coffin
i love the entire korres wild rose line
it started to make me break out
i gave it away.
i love it so when i saw this on sale at my sephora inside jcp i snatched it up
then you get a hint of the rose
i put it back in the box
at first i liked the cool feeling it gave when applying it
i ended up returning the product.
this serum broke me out.
this went back the day it arrived
i packaged it up and back it went.
i ended up having to go dermatologist to get a cream to help stop the burning
i can't remember the last time i broke out this bad
then i went to get my regular times face peel
i rarely break out
took or ever to t my order from sephora.
i woke up the next day to find my whole face covered with small pimples
the first day i stopped using it my face it got significantly better
threw it in the garbage, what a waste of $
i got through half of it
then i just stopped using it
night i put it on my face as soon as i brush my teeth to when i'm about to hit the pillow
only stopped using it because i realized it was not cruelty-free
i broke out worse than i ever have in my entire life
this product peels off when you try to apply foundation over the top of it
the minute i put it on my skin, it pilled.
eventually my skin got itchy after application within a week
its when the products balls up
yesterday i glanced in the mirror
it also made my face
felt like i put bengay on my face--it burned.
my skin started to break out
i stopped using it
my skin has since cleared up again like normal
caused my skin to break out severely.
that was just a mess
this one went back
i waited for it to soak in but it never did.
after putting this on
i stopped using it
then tried it again
it was the culprit
it "peels" right off when i go to put the primer on
i stopped using it
went back to my regular lancome eye cream
it just sits on the top until you wipe it off.
it was my first time trying oils
gave it a full season
it really did nothing in terms of breaking down my full face of makeup
pass on this one
i didn't feel like my makeup came off with this.
i went back over it with a cotton pad
i followed the directions both ways- wiping off
it barely broke down my foundation
the point is taking off not leaving a film behind
i've given it a few tries
it did a terrible job of breaking down my make up
any time it came anywhere close to my eyes
i exchanged it for the balm after one use.
pass on this one.
then wiped off with a cotton ball or cotton pad
it stung when it got in my eyes
there is always left over make up on the towel when i dry my face
my cotton ball was full of make up
it didn't clean off my make up
i knew it needed to be returned
then had to use my clairsonic
holy cow it is difficult to get off
i end up with makeup left over that i need to use it again
sometimes when i'm in a rush i leave in on the table
i should've returned it right away because after a week of use since i don't have any other cleanser for now it's already half way empty
left whatever makeup it eventually took off in a huge oil sheen ring in my sink
it didn't remove all my make up after doing it a second time
my regular face wash was sold out
gone back to my regular product
always have a full face of make up to remove at the end of the day
i tried applying it on my face
even after that i still saw makeup when i dried my face
it stung my eyes so badly that i could only use it once
by then it had gotten into my eyes resulting in a burning sensation
tried this version out
i will finish the bottle i have
had to scrub for a while to get off
i tried this at a counter once
used it for the first time on my own
it stung my eyes both times that i tried it.
i havn't gotten such a bad break out since middle school
it made me break out horribly.
made me break out
it went on very smoothly
the minute i started putting on my make up
it started to balled up on my face
gave this product a try!
it dried out my skin the next day
was definitely reminiscent of someone over 85
the bottle does last a while though.
it sorta just layed on top of my face.
i ended up sending this back.
i ended up only using it on my neck
forced myself to finish entire jar
looking all-around dried out
when i found out they discontinued it
it took only a bit to cover my face
when i put it on it made my eyes red
i only used it on my neck
i'd break out very badly
most of the back have come off
it's on my fingers when i pick up the bottle to put it away
my skin will retaliate big-time
i woke up oily
i don't like the bottle which is long with small opening
made me break out
my hair kept getting stuck to it
it just never sank in
even though i didn't see results 4 weeks in i still finished the whole bottle
just ignored the bad reviews
it just fell short for what i wanted from an eye cream
ended up keeping it until it was gone
won't hold that against it
when i went to buy it i saw it was in a pot
i waited to post this review until i had used the entire jar
my face then starts to feel greasy/heavy after a while
my face shined like the sun which is against what this product is advertised for
at the end of the day i am still a grease ball
it broke me out like crazy
i threw it away!
it broke me out terribly
it felt like it sat on top of my skin instead of being absorbed
this made my face an oil mess immediately after i applied it
my face was ridiculously slipping
the moistuizer went on great
i gave it a fair shot with 4 days use
the pump was so slow that i ended up taking it off
shaking the product out
it kept my face pretty mattified the first few uses
i ended up returning this product.
end up using it as a "throw away" product
once i stopped using it my breakouts cleared up
i switched to this from the sk-ii line trying to save some money
it felt like it just stayed on top of my skin
after completely used up a jar
it also made me break out.
it made me break out instantly
it was very unconformable after 10 mins of applying it
this stuff made me break out after 2 uses
i also had break out
i got a really bad break out.
i returned it anyway.
i wound up breaking out
maybe i'll use this for my heels .
in a way it almost felt like it just sat on top of my skin
i won't break out
i stopped using both of them and threw them away.
tried using it over
i finished the bottle
i also started breaking out more than usual
i gave up on it.
unfortunately i broke out
going to stick with the ibuki line
using both products together caused me to break out
this product has never caused me to break out
i'll keep what i have left
steer clear of this one
there on my face
after washing my face got back to how it is
good before putting on foundation
had a pump to get all the product out
then glide this one on
as i spread this on my face
when i put my foundation on
the product was difficult to get out of the bottle
if it came in a better bottle i wouldve kept it
i just ended up breaking out instead
my dry spots have not gone away
had to return it with disappointment.
after one week i broke out
i started to break out on my forehead
so i returned it.
when there was still a half left
my usual clear clean skin started to breakout like a teenager
used half of the jar
it separated like crazy
'd still recommend giving it a shot
i tried putting it under my eyes without completely rubbing it in before i went to bed
that seemed to give my eyes a little perk to them when i woke up
ended up finishing it as to not waste the product
returned and my eye cream search continues.
took forever to sink in
ive actually broken out more than when using my over the counter acne washes bought from shoprite
the top of the bottle literally snaps on
today the bottle fell off my bathtub
it only fell about a foot
it was enough for the top to pop right off
t literally poured out of the container really quickly
about 90% of the product ended up on my floor
it was like seeing all my dollar bills laying on the floor
i picked this up in hopes that it would calm the sudden crazy oiliness on my forehead
lately i have been breaking out here
my face never seemed clean after using this
my t-zone was still breaking out
first thing when i tried it
this actually broke my skin out more.
gave up after i saw no results
the packaging stayed the same
it made me break out on my forehead only after 3 days of use
my face cleared up after i stopped using it.
made me break out
for some reason this stuff causes my face to go into overdrive with oil purging
since it turns my face into an oil slick as my day goes on
or until it goes in the bin
i like the rest of the ren ever calm line
bring that one back
the cloth had a lot of excess makeup that was left on my skin from before
even with a nice 30 second massage i was getting foundation
after i washed this off
leaving this one on for 10-20 seconds made my skin feel tight as soon as i stepped out the shower
this broke me out on my chin
the rest of my face hated it
my skin broke out
i went in to buy the fresh clenser
seems to be causing my skin to break out
figured to change up my daily regimen
i returned this and got my money back.
it hardly took any of my make up off
i've never had a cleanser take as little make up off as this one
i decided to give it a shot anyway
first thing i noticed squeezing it into my h
then i tried spreading it between my h
s kept skidding around
after disastrous results with the clarisonic
still breaking out in places
it also caused me to break out.
it also made areas of my skin break out
it also left a greasy film after i tried
i returned it for a different product
my face broke out - not good.
then you go out in the cold then back into heat
the first night, i ain't applied it under my eye.
it went away quickly
my eyes started tearing like i was chopping onions for good 15 min
i went into sephora the other day inquiring about a specific eye cream
so the sephora employee pushed me off to her
she then proceeded to push this product
i already had a sour taste in my mouth from being passed off to please the rep
when i got home i tried it
when i first tried it
ended up returning to purchase something a little more heavy duty
i felled like i was tapping my under eyes forever to get the product absorbs
fine lines have started showing up
i am still waiting for it to revive my tired eyes
i try not to put it too close to my eyes
when i woke up my pores looked bigger
i threw this product out after trying it for 3 weeks
came up in little white bumps after using it for a week
made me break out after couple uses.
i've had to return the product twice because the pump was defective
the first time it stopped working halfway through the bottle
after 1-2 uses the pump quits working.
it pulled out some of my black heads
it's not exactly ground breaking
i ended up returning the product.
then there's the dispenser which busted after 3 uses
for the money i was disappointed it was so fidgety to use
now it comes in a heavy glass bottle with a pump that is so difficult to get product out of that i ended up pouring it into another bottle
i've gone through 5 bottles now
on 3 out of 5 the plastic wrap on the pump was so glued on to it
had to just keep re-using the pump from the first one
go back to the plastic squeeze bottle
my skin went from okay to horrible
the first few days were okay my skin felt nice.
all of a sudden this product made my breakout so much around my cheek
i gave this product a try
it's also horrible for taking with when traveling
hoping for a light at the end of the tunnel.
this is the second bottle i broke with out even using half of it
bring back the tube.
the cap breaks off
at least with the older package i could cut the top off
the cap pops off all the time in the shower
go back to the old packaging.
forget trying to hold onto the bottle with even a drop of water on your h
i even tried emptying out the bottle into a few travel sized bottles
the ridiculous pump top has flown off the straw
the price just went up
in my case it burned my skin
when i first tried this it made my skin burn so bad i had to return it
felt that fire burn
it had to go back.
broke me out bad
also, i broke out the week i started using this.
it just continued to get worse
she told me to try it out for 2 weeks
has been my favorite face wash until now
clear up my face
after using this product i broke out all over my face
even after allowing it over 30 minutes to completely dry on your face
shortly after you apply it it balls up
stuck it out until the product was gone
i broke out just as often in the same places on my face
skin is still breaking out
it would clear up a bit and then break out again.
it cleared up my skin so quickly
but within a week i started breaking out again.
it ended up being a disappointment
this wound up in the trash.
i used it all over my face
they finally went away
imagine my complete disappointment when my face broke out again
i finally just gave up and stopped using it.
after you got through all that
it came with a screw off cap that is ill fitting
the new formula made me break out
i'll continue to use up my bottle
my face broke out horribly
i couldn't get it to calm down until i stopped using this
bought it again when i ran out
glad i finished the bottle!
this didn't cut it
i just got this product in hopes of replacing my current face wash
then promptly returned it
it's really a hit or miss with that
this product immediately turned me into an oil slick
i went back to my former product
it breaks me out.
i never break from products.
it is on the back of the box.
i stopped using it
the skin problem went away
then i used it again
the skin problem came back
need to ship it back
even when the 1st bottle worked
i jumped at the chance to buy the product
tried it again once irritations were gone
this was a miss for me
i broke out to a much more severe degree than usual
so bad that i stayed home from work for a day
it just got worse.
ordered this because i moved to a very sunny area
the first night i wore this i put it all over my face
when i woke up the next morning my eyes were irritated to the point of being red
had to put in eye drops
i tried using it again avoiding my eyes
i went back to oils
i went back to oils
i'll stick with the 3 step.
after two days it broke me out really bad
after i quit using this it cleared up
it is so irritating i took it back.
for $100 i had high hopes
was hoping it would treat the fine lines that have recently emerged around my eyes
i would pass on this, especially since it's $100.
i gave it a good chance.
so this went back
more oily then before when my goal was to get my oily spots under control
this product even shined through my high def setting powder which i havent ever dealt with before
if i can make it back to the store before my return time frame i will return it
i ended up returning it...
just made my face more oily after setting in.
just had to finish it
dried my face out to the point it became red
it went back to the store
the new formula made me break out
bought this for my combination skin a while back
i found i was breaking out more than usual
i ended up returning this product based on the strong scent
i ended up returning this product mostly because of the overwhelming scent
i just found this so strong that i returned it
by the end of the day my face was saturated with oil
i decided to give this a shot after the fresh original set ran out
to say the least i started breaking out like crazy on my chin
i switched back to the original version of the fresh
started clearing up right away
it seems to sink into my skin after a while
i've also broken out a bit more
it burns for the first 30 seconds
applied this twice on my face
i ended up drying out my face.
i tried this after hearing people rave about how it cleaned up their skin
i stop using it till i found out it getting my skin worse
a month into this product my face got so much worse
i broke out more than ever
i started to have horrible break outs on my forehead
i used all of the products twice a day until i ran out
i still continued to have break outs
threw it away before it was finished.
i literally hold my breath when i use it.
it just flat out didn't work
giving this a 3 star because it took a while to work
i returned it immediately!
returned it to the store
my skin got a lot better after i stopped.
still get the same pimpl back
have broke out recently
i figured because it was called "emergency gel"
i started breaking out
the other product cleared it up
burned my skin on different occasions
it actually caused me to break out even more.
it also broke me out in every single area where it was applied
my face would get really dried up in the middle of the day
around august i suffered a terrible breakout that took 6 months
last year i started breaking out really bad
i am now down to the last few pumps
i've went thru one bottle
onto my second one
it started making me break out with tiny white heads
i started breaking out all over
i tried it and it tried me.
they were fading on their own
the bottle is nearly gone and i've wasted $60.
it didn't work on me after using up the whole bottle
the bottle is almost finished
its just about hit the bottom of the bottle.
seeing as though i finished the bottle
while i think it helped even out my skin tone
at first i thought my skin needed to adjust
passed off the acne as just a step i had to go thru to get better skin
l had huge break out due to exams
it didn't help to fade my marks
the bottle is almost empty now
then it just stopped
i'll probably pass on this.
then it stopped there
in his inscrutable way gave them the thumbs up by continuing to use them
when i first applied it
didn't break me out
this one made me break out
this product broke me out pretty bad instead.
it didn't break my skin out
after the first use my face broke out like crazy.
i tried this one first
never fully got absorbed
this made my face break out
without fail i wake up red
i've used almost the entire jar
if it were half the price maaaaaybe i'd let it sit on my shelves
i used it faithfully down to the last bit in the jar
i've had bacne since middle school.
while i was using it
they have left my h
it did nothing to remove any blemishes or break outs after 4 weeks of use
decided to try it out after my entire back broke out while at college
kept my back clean
i used the entire bar up
i threw mine away!
helping clear up my acne on my back
my back looks the same as it did before i started using this soap
started to break out badly
then started using it again
started breaking out badly again
i went from having perfect complexion to crazy breakouts
it actually broke me out more than my previous drugstore wash
i used it to the very last drop
it broke me out worse within the first day of using it
it made me break out
noticed each time that it left my skin very tight straight out of the shower
it made me break out very badly
covered in red break outs
ended up returning it.
it just made my skin flip out
its just starting to run out
knew i needed to change my face wash
this broke me out
so i definitely gave up on this.
just finished the bottle
i just recently started delving into creating my own skin care routine
it did nothing as i continued to break out
decided to return it to get the money back
the whole clear complexion line from boscia made me break out
i feel that the acne just cleared up on it's own not that this sped it up
i just finished my first bottle
i break out less with this product
i still see the occasional break outs
rejuvenated after using this
used up the whole bottle
i ended up having a reaction to another product in which i broke out somewhat severely
have tried everything in the book
suddenly broke out like crazy
swapped it out for the murad set
my skin was back to beautiful in 3 days
i ended up returning it
my bottle is nearing empty
i ended up returning this for another serum.
brought the murad kit up to the counter
my skin looked the worst its ever looked
today i took it back and got the murad.
it made me break out on my cheeks
where i almost never break out
i chose this product initially because it was the best bang for the buck
it started to dry me out a lot
i tried cutting back to once a day
i broke out in pimples within in a day of beginning use of this
this cream just sat on my skin
when i used this product i started breaking out like crazy
had to stop using it
this broke me out something fierce
then put this on my cheeks
it breaks out my whole face
as soon as i stopped using it
this product actually burned when i put it on
i finally gave up
however, i broke out like crazy.
stumbled upon this product
decided to give it a shot
when i put this on
this was the culprit
had an off-putting scent
which makes me break out
this is going to be returned.
woke up looking shiny
it just never absorbed.
i've gone through the entire amount
my mom noticed right away my face was clearer
happily dished out the $45
then put this on over it
when i tried it before i put my make up on
causing some break outs
calm my skin at first using it
i went ahead to continue using my normal products
the only thing i saw
sent me a small bottle of foundation make up
once i quit using on my forehead, it cleared up.
i just opened up this mask
i used this product until it was empty
felt/looked the exact same
when that was discontinued i tried this dark circle cream
broke me out a bit
i definitely didn't like what it did to my face as i seemed to break out all over after rinsing the product off
i tested it on my arm as well
i've honestly never used a product that broke my skin out so badly
i'll probably finish the bottle
the next morning i woe up with massive break outs all over my face
the following day i broke out terribly.
i never break out as a rule
it gave some irritation on my face
i tried only once
in turn this made my
the rest was my usual products
this is now my second attempt at a ren product
i used almost the whole bottle
and i started breaking out around my mouth.
it took me a while to figure out that this product was the cause
immediately stopped breaking out
then i used it again
i started breaking out again
i returned it, disappointed.
then put another cream over it
short of dumping the little bottle into my night cream
it also caused me to breakout.
will give it the whole bottle before deciding
here is why i'm on the fence about it: first
end up wasting it
there was always some powder residue that either did not come off the scoop or was knocked off the rim of the bottle opening
i liked it until it began to clump in the bottle
i took a picture of my dark circles before i started using the product
i saw a difference right away.
it will go away--
needless to say i took it back.
i find the cream gets completely absorbed around my eyes within a minute
when i first bought this eye cream
hoped i finally found a product to lighten them
only bought it because i ran out of my boscia eye treatment
stung after a while when i tried to use it at night
won't put a dent in my wallet
going back to the original anti-aging eyecream from shiseido
i took this product back
i hope my dark circles will eventually or gradually go away
it did last a long time i'm trying to finish up the bottle now
it actually gave me lines around my eyes
that was as far as it went helping with dark ciclres
actually ended up giving me styes on both my eyes
i stopped using the product
while i was using it
i brought this for my dark ciricles.
s right away because my fingers will feel rough after a minute
it felt nice on my skin for the first 20 minutes
then it went back to normal
when i initially tried it
by the time you get mid-way through
after seeing what was inside
when rubbing it into my skin i need to re apply right after a few times
when i applied it
lid was kept screwed on when not in use
then my break out continued
i woke up to red skin
with a lovely break out
when i woke up i was covered in zits all over
it never breaks me out
i ran out of it
didn't found out i ordered the wrong thing until it arrived
unfortunately it broke me out
it caused me to break out
giving it over 20 minutes to soak in
i ran out of blotting papers
replacing it with my old moisturizer i notified that i was breaking out
the one i wrote immediately after trying it
my face stopped being red
as soon as i opened the jar
my skin burned the moment i started to apply it
burning sensation went away
i got this in my play box.
i tried it out
had to wash it off.
got this in play
it broke me out something terrible the first few weeks i used it
i've tried both applying right after
it just balled up on my face.
then i decided to cash in my vib points
the following day i broke out with pimples.
i felt like this product sat on my face rather than sink in
start to rub off my face
along with this one
they all burn my face when putting them on
the burning sensation did eventually go away
then i noticed it started to sting my fave after repeated use
didn't make my face feel suffocated
when my package came
i got this using my points
unfortunately this burned upon application.
i took one star off for smell
i can't put foundation over it because it just starts to pill
then i have little rolls of foundation all over my face
this felt like i was putting perfume straight on my face
this immediately caused stinging
all i got was irritation for that effort.
i tried four different foundations
once i took it home
applied it on my face i automatically felt stinging
i applied it again it stung
especially when i'm in a rush to get ready-- i even had to re-wash my face
it made my skin feel nice if i went through the extra steps
it was a disaster under my make-up
this made my face break out.
you can only press down on the top to release the cream
started to break out immediately
caused me to break out horribly
it ended up destroying my skin
dropped the ball on this one
the last time i went to the store to buy my bottles
made me break out terribly
i took it back to sephora
i ended up throwing all
i actually noticed i started to break out a little
i actually noticed that my skin began to break out
when my dermalogica ran out, i switched to this.
after i finish it
i used the gentle cleanser for a brief period until it started to break me out badly
like i was in high school again bad
i realized after i picked up the toner
it went back to the store
i patiently kept on using it
it falls back to normal
i finally went about an exhaustive assessment of under eye creams starting last fall
i still have some remaining remaining in the bottle
gave me the worst reaction.
trashed the bottle half way through
i used this product until there was nothing left in the bottle
i also had red
this was the third eye treatment i tried
the top keeps on coming off
another one of the eye products i tried
had to return it to the sephora store
my face is still breaking out
that the product had ruined my under eyes
the area became rather dry
make up left over
if i hadn't thrown the box away i'd return it.
i've only used half of the bottle
the same thing happened every time i restarted application
7 out of the 10 days my eyes burned
still had about half of it left
trying to give it a good shot, kept using.
i broke out in acne on the second day of using it
returned it to the store
aside from the breakout
i tried this with the rest of the perricone anti-aging line
i found myself breaking out
i'll finish off the bottle
also, this product broke me out.
when i stopped using it
my break out immediately calmed down
my skin was left wanting more
even made me break out a little
was starting to notice my face getting very dry
i went for a facial today
only problem is the pump stopped working getting the foam out it takes minutes of pumping to get a dime size out
this was nice as first as i didn't "feel" like my skin was being stripped
everything i've tried from the ole henriksen line has done a number on my skin
hit or miss with this company.
it broke me out all over my cheeks where i have never broke out before i used this
after starting to use this cleanser as directed i've broken out horribly all over my face
which has never happened to me before
i hated the invisible film i felt on my face after using it
i began breaking out
unfortunately this product made me break out
wish i had kept my points.
i still kept it around
i will finish off the bottle
it made me break out
plus my skin has started breaking out like crazy since i started using it
considering throwing the rest of my bottle out
i ended up giving it to my husb
within 5 minutes of applying the product my skin felt tight
did a good job of banishing the flakies
the oil broke through my makeup quicker than usual
it took forever to absorb into my skin
ended up returning it
it turned out a wise decision
this cream caused a lot of break outs
but it was too thick and caused break-outs.
got better over time
it disappears once you put it on
this was recommended to me by sephora staff after the moisturizer i'd used for over a year suddenly waged a war on my face
my face instantly felt smothered
i waited for the smell to go away
start all my over
this came in my play box.
by the second time around i realize it that i had a break out next to my nose which has never happen to me before the only other cream i put on is my first aid beauty one
that never broke me out at all
the first time i put it on i immediately started to get little bumps on my face
washed it off right away
when i put it on
grabbed this after glancing at the claims on the box
i looked closer at the ingredients
felt really gross by the end of the day
it's had to be kept upside down ever since
running out of my usual moisturiser i pulled this out to give it a try
i jumped right on it
it just sits on top
both of which break me out
i ended up returning it.
it made me break out so badly that i looked like i did when i was a teenager on anti-acne medication
this one misses the mark for me
they ended up drying out my skin
was persuaded to try this product
it didn't break me out which is a huge plus
also doesn't seem to extend the time until my t-shone starts to shine
looks like i'll be going back to my clnique 3 step when i finish the bottle
especially after the sales associate went on
it was light but almost too light for me.
this just didn't cut it
thus i returned it
it made me break out.
this one didn't, but my face was left shiny.
this one missed the mark
it just laid on top of my skin
i started using this when it was included in a set of fresh products that i received for my birthday
cannot bear to put it on my face.
so i use it for my hands instead.
this cream felt like i wiped baby oil on my face
what was most upsetting was that there was a huge air bubble in the jar
the jar seemed filled to the top.
once i stuck my finger in to get the cream
the jar was then half full of cream
then i put it on my face
i felt the shine even came threw my make up sooner then without using it
this is being returned.
i find that it sits on top
bought this when my skin was in a mid-winter rut
after using the entire jar
it just kinda sat on top of my skin
i kept waking up with an oily face
it was something i was eyeing for a while
i couldn't get past it seemingly sitting on top of my skin
wanted to pick out something luxurious
was eager to put it to the test
i got this in a mask set.
it broke me out after the first use
i will stick to my sheet
bought the whole mask set last week to try
after first use my face broke out into thous
best part was getting alllll that money back.
it turned out my face so red
was initially blown away by the hefty price tag
i convinced my boyfriend to try this as he has deeper set fine lines
i immediately went on sephora
it made me breakout all over my nose
i like the rose one better.
keep coming back to fresh
so glad i only tested it on half of my face first
it just wreaked havoc on my face
it just messed up my face
i noticed my skin started to break out a bit more
it broke me out in white heads all over.
mask i ended up using only on my dry areas after like my h
afterwards i noticed the skin on my face was stretched/tightened
i did get it in my eyes accidentally one time
was surprised to see the cotton full of what looks like left over foundation from my face
leave any residue behind
this dealt like it stripped my skin leaving it really tight
my skin was on fire!
i started breaking out after using it...
plus it made my skin brake out every time i used it which never ever happened before
i got this product as a part of lancome genifique set
switched over from philosiphy because i love everything lancome
since switching to this face wash i've been breaking out into awful acne along my jaw line
i broke out really bad on my forehead
it took a while for them to fade
i got this in a lancôme genefique box-deal
after 3-4 users this has started to dry out my skin slightly
as soon as i started rubbing it on my face
so i returned it.
placed over my eye
most micellar waters have just an opening with little control when pouring out the product
after a day or two of using this product i broke out terribly
that i had been playing around with
i picked this up thinking that lancome was a good product line
it wasn't worth breaking out over so much of my face
it was too heavy for my face
it broke me out with little white bumps all over my face if i used for more than one consecutive day
i put it all over my face
so my whole face broke out
the cap has leaked on me a bit already.
keep coming back to it for my combination skin however
probably returning to sephora because i'm fed up.
it did break me out
i waited a good 20 min after applying
my skin has broke out in pimples allll over the place
adding this on l into my daily routine has dried up my skin
i got this in a play box
tight once it dried down
it's drawing it out of my skin instead
i ended up not returning the product
then my skin started breaking out
wanted something more affordable after i ran out
as the day progressed
it made me break out terribly.
now it just sits on my bathroom shelf
took a look at the ingredients
unfortunately by the end of the week i was starting to break out
had to stop using it
since my local store was out of my usual moisturizer i decided to try this
i returned the product after a week's use without any problems
the product sat on my face
this product did not hydrate it sat on top of my face
it seemed to sit on top of my skin
interfered with whatever moisturizer i tried to use over it
the second one i kept in one of my beauty product drawers until i had to open it an ran out of the first one which happened last night
take it out of the box
it looks like the cap was unscrewed
not sealed properly at the factory or something
i am now stuck with barely any product left
i just finished my bottle
if i hadn't thrown out my receipt
immediately after putting it on
follow up with body
figured i would give this a shot
summer is around the corner
i literally could have grabbed some banana boat at the dollar store
i tried it without make up with a little powder on top
then under make up
break out all over
i even went back to the store to see if it was just my jar
then again later in the day when the shine came back
by the end of the day it starts running into my eyes
i don't put it around my eyes
even when i put it no where near my eyes
within 3 days of using this i had a huge breakout all over my cheeks
know i picked the right formula
i struggled between this
maybe i wasn't supposed to put in on my eyelid
i took it back
got philosophy hope in a jar
go back to the original
my face is oily than before after i tried this product
even tried second jar of this product
this made me break out like crazy.
when i tried it on the back of my h
i hate that the spf went down from 25 to 20
i broke out after using.
as soon as i stopped using it
it breaks out easily
they lowered the spf from 25 to 20
this is a great cream i ended up giving my husb
i did stick my nose in the tester at sephora
just went back to get a replacement
stopped using this one
the pump stopped working
the bottle partially deflated
the pump also didn't work on mine
i just pour it out
my cheeks broke out
so they had to be cleaned right away
i never put it near the eyes
it did tighten up the bags
it was easing down the lines under my eye after the first two nights
the stinging sensation under my eye started occuring after five days
unfortunately it was the worst mistake i did for my eye
i felt a light burning sensation the very first time i tried it
i stopped using it immediately.
the irritation went away
so when i received it i went to put it on immediately
overpowering that i started to get a headache
ended up spreading it down till my cheek bones
they were stinging like crazy
i gave it a try
my makeup was sliding all over my face on top of it
still left the house with it on.
as my makeup now had slid down my t zone between my brows
only use this in the middle of my face
i broke out with bad acne with white heads those one that hurts a lot i had to take medication to calm my face down
after that the oils started to come through
then the oil spilled out of my face
to my disappointment i started to shine within the first 2 min of wear
i ended up feeling the need to grab a primer
it ended up just not working for me at all
i ended up returning it
messed up my foundation
tried this for the first time without testing it on my neck first
returned it right away.
in time it became worst
after a few days of use it's made me break out horribly
left a film on my face
this made me breakout after using it once
broke out horribly after just one use.
tried this as a next step
my face was very tight after
since it just left my face uncomfortable i stopped using it
went into sephora to purchase on two seperate occasions
i am breaking out more
it caused me to break out
as soon as i stoppes using it my skin went back to normal
on the down side
another thing that irritates me is that shortly after application
another sign that it is just sitting on top of my skin
lined as it was prior to using this
however even after waiting 30 mins to apply makeup it balls up something horrid
if i rub/touch my face at any point in the day it also balls up
then later rub my face
yesterday i got this huge volcano on my face
5 oz jar that came as a part of another set
on the plus side i didn't break out.
i put a little bit on
it just sits on my face
i figured that it was just the light.
this one had to go back.
also was irritating after i put it on
it was not over powering or bad
when i was using lancome
the first time i used this eye cream i thought it was nice
when i looked in the mirror a few hours later i was horrified
then after using the cream twice a day for a couple weeks my fine lines looked worse because the skin around my eye became very dry
when you first put it on
it only got worse as the week went on.
it just sits on my skin it took me some time to massage it
after i manage to get it off the wrong surface
was a product that immediately burned the skin around my eyes
the first day i went to use it i noticed the consistency was off
it got a little better after shaking the bottle quite a bit
looking inside the bottled it seemed like it wasn't even half way full
the product had separated with all this water liquid on the top
disappointed when i got home
also had bought pump up lips which when i opened was missing its lid
when i pumped it
only liquid came out
i finally had enough
they talked me into trying another one
ended up returning both products
gave it 2 lippies for that
kept it up for 8 weeks to really give the product a chance
from the second application i began the peeling
i gave it a break
it actually broke me out.
after 2 days my face was flaking off
it took that right off
other than breaking my sensitive face out
after about the third day of using this product i began to have small white heads form on my cheecks
it almost instantly broke me out all around my mouth
although i did notice my skin breaking out.
this broke me out terribly.
i broke out very badly which is very unusual for my skin
it wasn't until i discontinued using that my skin cleared up
once i used it on my clean face
unfortunately it broke me out
irritated my combination skin within the first day of use
this not only broke me out
for 65 dollars i was hoping i had hit the motherload
i started to break out as soon as i started using this
thought it was from retinol which promptly returned
the second i put it on my skin it burned badly!
then by 3pm my face was peeling so badly
it looked like i had had a chemical peel
my face was on fire
then it not only broke out my t zone
they were out when i ordered last
in fact made me break out
for some reason after i applied this my face itched really bad
i broke out like never before
it wasn't until i completely stopped using this cleanser
it made me break out horribly
lilttle by lilttle ance kept popping up til it was bad
immediately my skin calm down
it started to breakout my face
when back to my original face wash
throw it out of whack
no break outs, but just annoying.
at first i thought it was great then my skin became dry
my skin felt like it would crack
i went back to my kinerase gentle wash.
in that short time between drying my face
not the clarisonic brush it came with
broke out again when i switched to this cleanser after a 3 month streak of clear skin :
it made me break out even more!
i broke out so bad i couldn't take it
but the cap on this tube is the worst.
its a twist cap that doesnt come off so when you use it you can't just set it back down you have to wipe the excess thats there from closing the twist cap
i felt like this was really helping my break outs
my make up stopped staying well
i got an oily t zone by end of day
every time i used it brakes me out :
my skin cleared up almost immediately
thought i'd give this a try since my skin was breaking out a little recently
it just slips off when you add water.
surprised by the twist top
after i started using it
my skin started breaking out
within 1 week of switching i was kicking myself for not switching sooner
it agreed with my skin
i realized my face was so dry i had to go put my old moisturizer on
i can't keep them straight
i didn't break out
i say pass this one on by
ended up returning the product after just 5 uses.
but this broke me out so bad.
this product being oil-free seemed a good match
yet i suddenly had very dry
except the fact that i ran out so quickly.
which seemed odd to me considering how large the jar was
you'll find that the jar was never full in the first place
the bottom is completely empty
when i went in store to return
this came in the blemish banisher kit
decided to try it out
it took a couple of seconds to really sink in
perfect under make up
gave it multiple tries but hated it.
after about 2 weeks of use i had acne popping up left
put about 1/4 on my neck
wish i had time to retake a bath
in the process, i stumbled across this.
in the end i returned this product.
finished that up first
when i went back to use the actual product the scent had changed
it cleared my skin
then the following week it dried my whole face.
took me nearly a week to get the hydration back into
i first got it because i was breaking out like no other
which took me a bit of time to figure out
have tried every drugstore product out there
i would recommend her blemish banisher set instead of this
i end up with dry
it can't be placed all over.
have run the gauntlet of drug store
my skin started hurting so badly as if i got my skin teared off
it was to the point where i cried cause it stung/burned so badly
i didn't even touch it after the 2nd day i got it
i started to use it as a spot treatment
there was some light break outs
didnt work for me, made me break out!!
give two stars for not breaking me out
would feel very tight a few minutes after putting it on
this product never sunk into my skin
then i realized it was just really smooth
i liked it for the first half of the bottle
once the temperatures started dropping
about 15 minutes after application my cheeks would start to feel tight
on the plus side
just press down along the sides of the white '
took some time to get used to it
this goes on the back burner as something to buy during the warmer months
this smelled so bad i washed it off less than 2 minutes after i applied it
broke me out terribly
it starts shooting the product everywhere
both times my face burned
i couldn't bear to leave it on for longer then a minute
my skin immediately got reacted to it as soon as as put it on
it may have also calmed down my breakouts a bit
i started to break out
the break outs were not stopping
i just compared my old box to the new one
it broke me out something fierce
i stopped using it for a while to see which one it was
i gave it a good shot... about 3 weeks.
he actually broke out in a couple serious whiteheads
so i returned it.
this face cream stayed greasy for a long time
it still made my face red after use
this never happened to me before
this product just caused break out.
it didn't match up
i broke out even more.
had to stop after breaking out
i still get occasional break outs
then you twist the cap again to have that hole plugged up
cause terrible break outs
i fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
actually has an odd push down dispenser so the product is pushed out a small hole
i wanted to kick up my moisturizering a notch
my dreams were dashed the first day
i gave up after my third attempt
after using a whole jar
i will finish the jar
then post another review
this cream made my face break out
i am not fully blown away by this product
after continued use i began getting small white heads
when you push down on the top way too much product comes out
correctly until it was gone
it went on thick
inspected the before/after
this eye repair cream was disappointing
this is the one that broke me out so badly
made me break out due to the excess oil it left on my skin
this one didn't knock my socks off
unfortunately it made me break out all over!
keep it in my nightst
when the pump pops back up
sat on my skin
my face break out like crazy.
i literally had to wash my face mid-day because it felt so heavy
i felt like i had a mask on my face
my face broke out, it was red and irritated.
my face stung after using it.
after about three days of use i felt like my skin was wrapped in cellophane
i sent it back!
too greasy i had to return the product at my local sephora store
i usually have to go in a second time to get my makeup completely washed off
there was a ton of foundation that wiped off
at first this was was good
then i started to see that it was drying my face out
my face felt as if it was being pulled back.
this face oil was horrible!!!!
went into sephora on a day where they had the amorepacific rep there
have switched back to face oil
it immediately broke my skin out with tiny
lost all of it when it fell
the lid cracked open- the bottle it's too heavy on the top
it's no challenge at all to lose well over half the bottle to your bathroom floor
so this had the opposite
was buying my normal cleanser when the sales rep pulled me to this product said it was amazing
first time i put it on it made my face feel weird
still break out which he claimed would make my face clear as well
when i used it as normal it stung my eyes so badly even though it didn't get in my eyes
my face felt like it was on fire
it will go all over the counter
kind of stung when applied.
the areas of my face that didn't break out were very soft
the top popped off
almost all of the product went down the drain
i cannot get the lid to snap back onto the bottle
a bit heartbreaking to watch like $45 of product go down the drain
this line gave me the worst breakouts of my life
i also dropped the bottle on the floor
the cap popped off
initially i had a really hard time with the heavy scent
after letting the cream set for a little bit it dissipated
somebody should get fired for the worst packaging ever
after a few applications my face started to breakout
not using it my face hasn't broke out as much
finally put it on
it gave me a headache
once it touched my face
it made me break-out.
i quickly stopped using it
this product totally made my face break out
on top of it, it makes me break out.
i ultimately ended up returning it.
after that it started getting more
i noticed i broke out more too.
doesn't blow me away
sadly, i had to take this one back.
i say give it a shot
it broke it out
it broke me out
was left very disappointed
i finally had to stop using this
even after the whole bottle
i saw the promising title
used it twice and wasnt blown away.
every single time i have used this product i have woken up with large
when this product came out
not the squeeze tube i got
i tried it by itself.
i ended up returning it.
i tried this product for a while
after just a few uses the pump broke
i even gave it two weeks to make sure i wasn't giving up too early
not a lot of bang for the $$
i sent it back.
i tried this out
right after using this
he took his fingers
for my pores that only bother me when i'm almost smashing my face into the mirror i'm so close- it doesnt work really at all
when i got home
this is going back.
the stopper stopped working
still waiting to look like her!
keep my fingers crossed
felt like i was just putting water under my eye.
this is my second bottle
the pump is horrendous.
to then apply to my face
i've used almost the entire bottle
it was half empty
i find that at the end of the day my skin looks more lined than before
i doubt i'll order again in this fancy pump bottle
i finally gave up
pulled out the pumper stem
i followed the directions
i still had to wash it off my h
i'll give it until the end of the bottle
i gave two starts instead of one
i put this on top let it st
when i remove they was gone
i finally returned it.
after awhile it just started to dry out my skin
it came with the eye cream as well
when i awoke i had broken out with a few new pimples some bigger than others
a little later when i looked in a mirror
made me break out
the third month, my skin became a mess!
i also started breaking out pretty badly after about a week
it made my face breakout as well.
tried it again after things died down
i am just crossing my fingers the store will exchange it for something else
it just wasn't a match for my combination skin
promptly went back to my usual oil-free moisturizer
immediately had to wash it off
didn't have to open the jar
there was no place on my body far enough away from my nose i could apply it
not on my face
it made my face break out big time
not someone easily turned off by a bad scent
i tried to stick it out
came into the room
at first i though it was 'off'/gone bad
passed it on to my husb
i got a facial wipe and wiped it all off.
threw it in garbage
it just sat on my skin.
i held back due to reviews.
by the eighth day i was gagging from the smell.
then once i put it on
i hold my breath when applying
this one blew me away
on my face i had to wash it off
when i returned product to perricone they kept product
then i soaked my face in it
i literally almost gagged putting it on
i threw the rest out.
threatened to sleep in the other room since my face smelled so bad
that i kept on gagging
had to wash it off of my face immediately
i tried washing it off immediately after applying
smells like burnt scrambled eggs on my face.
had to wash it off
because the smell of it prompted me to immediately scrub it off my face
almost as though fish oil pill exploded
i stopped using it, and it was free.
i put that on my face and almost threw up!
my face for the last 15 min
it made me breakout just after one use
toward the end of my first tub of it
it never completely absorbed into my face
i changed to this one when i ran out of surge because i wanted to even out my skin tone
only tried it on one side of my face in place of my normal moisturizer
it made my face break out a bunch
i saw no difference on my dark spots after using this entire bottle
this is the second clinque product outside of their 123 step system that has caused me to break out
i'll never pick up one of their products again.
basically it made me break out.
after week one my skin started to break out
tried this product after i fell in love with even better spot corrector
whether it actually evened my skin tone is questionable
i will go back to my old eye cream which worked way better
almost no second thoughts
went on my skin smoothly
i ended up giving it away
a leg for a small bottle
it eventually started to crack
it takes a while to sink in
sweet: my face burned when using the product
for some reason it started heavily drying out my face
this started to break me out
i used it once and i had to give it away.
i say that only because as i've reached my late 20's
i ended up throwing this out.
there still remaining stuff on my face
my skin stayed soft and wasn't dried out.
returned it right away
was tight on money
had to stop using it because it was making his skin red
threw it away as i couldn't force myself using it
it cleans my face well and has not broken me out.
!go ahead and bypass this one.
it helps me wake up
i used it until it finished
i feel like it helps me wake up if i roll it on shortly after getting up
each time it burned when i applied it to my skin
my skin began to sting immediately
i've had good luck with the first aid beauty products
made my make up crack
this one is going back
had to wipe it off under my eyes
ended up getting my money back
this is the second first aid product i tried
felt a slight burning sensation the first few times i put it on
although it did smooth out my fine lines my bags seemed bigger
got in my eyes which stung
when i tried it
on the negative side: so much came out that it ran down my face during application
it actually gave me wrinkles under my eyes after using it for just a week
while i enjoyed the "energizing" feeling this stuff gave to my skin after applying it
had a couple of unfortunate accidents where i would wipe it into my eyes some time after applying
returning, not for me
it became just too heavy
it started breaking me out
my skin slowly started to breakout
it broke me out worse than my acne has been in a while
purchased to put just on my cheeks which have been forever flushed for no reason
by the middle of the next day my face felt weighed down
i washed my face the minute i got home!
i break out easily
just use it for the rest of my body since i'm dry all over the place
it just sat on top of my skin.
i stopped using it
this broke me out so much
put it on my face
unfortunately this was a complete flop
i went to use it
right after i put it all over my face
i literally can't put it on my face again.
i figured i'd give it a shot
luckily only bought the pods
still made me break out nonetheless
half the product ended up on my h
bathroom counter the first time
the other product was so thick it was hard to get all of it out of the ampoule
definitely glad i got the little travel size ampules to try out
i immediately washed this off because i could not st
my face is immediately irritated
this one was a total flop
this product fell short
it burned a little as well when i put it on my face
when i follow it up with this the redness returns as i'm spreading it on
i will definitely finish the bottle
i tried a sample of this on my skin that had broken out pretty bad
turns me off to it
having it on my face
i tried it a second time due to the fact i thought maybe my burning skin was a result of the rest of the skin care regime from fab i had just started initially
my face burned again.
my face has stopped breaking out as much
had high hopes for this
it unfortunately started causing them
i never had 11s however after starting to use this product i started to notice them when lieing down on my side
after being on a med for many months my face broke out
have noticed some fine lines around my eyes that i want to go away
this made me break out so bad
had to send it back
made me break out on my cheeks
it was like i was playing a game every night to see how fast i could get it from the dropper onto my face without the serum going all over my sink
i tried to put it on my h
i tried it directly on face
this one consistently made me break out
look more evened out
its still sitting in my medicine cabinet collecting dust
going back to my belif oil
i ended up needing to wash my face after using this product to make sure all the oil was off
it keeps shooting out of the bottle
have to clean up my counter
at the same time worked wonders at taking my makeup off
since i double wash my face
made me brake out like crazy
my face broke out more horribly than usual
i stopped using it and my face cleared back up.
breaking my skin out is a big no no
out more due to drying my face out
i tried to give it a chance by finishing the product
the only reason i gave it two stars was because it did keep my face from looking like a water slide
my face was kind of red after putting it on
i ended up returning all of the products.
the moment i put it on my face
broke out more than i have ever broken out
after using the whole bottle
it is going back
my skin broke out
made my skin break out
i wiped it off within minutes of putting it on
it made me break out horribly
took it back no questions asked
then i ordered this
caused zero break outs.
finished the jar in order to give the product a fair shake
i will return to hope in a jar.
the rest of my face is normal
it felt great on my skin when i put it on
thought i had found the one
balls up-rolls off under foundation
i noticed no difference until a few minutes later when i sat down to check some emails
my face began to burn.
get the product off of it
this broke me out badly and i had to return it.
it also made me break out terribly
this experience left me hanging
had to wash it off
broke me out in little white bumps was enough for me to return back to the store
down my cheeks in a way that could not be easily removed
i should've stuck with that because it cleared up my skin like nothing else
it really cleared that up
could see everything it left behind
i broke out pretty badly after using this for a week
makeup left behind that caused that
however later in the day my face got itchy
didn't like it- broke me out!
after i jumped off birth control
they came full force
my face became more breakout prone overtime
this product has ruined my skin.
which in turn then led to breakouts
it helped clear up my skin
i still was breaking out so i returned this.
the more i used it the worst my face got like breaking out alot of what head
i initially thought it was a purge
it broke me out
i got this cleanser because the sephora lady said it would clear me all up in 2 weeks
i gave it a second star because of the smell
i've battled breakouts for quite some time
overall it did plump me up
i went back to perricone sub zero for my neck
i waa just trying to cut cost somewhere
when i brought it back to the store
they refused to issue a refund or store credit because i had accidentally thrown away the packing slip
it burned so bad
however, i'll keep up with regime.
it had leaked all over the inside of the plastic container it comes in
the bottle had some kind of really sticky tape trying to hold down the pump part
then it order again
made me break out
when i applied it
it always just sat on my skin
so basically i was just walking around with a wet lotiony face all day
since it was just sitting top of my skin
a lot of redness i was dealing with went away literally overnight
i broke out after using this product.
i struck out again :
but i looked like disco ball
a good start for a teen just getting into skin care
went back in to my local sephora store
it just sat on top of it
not only has it dried my face out
just take the cap off to use
at first i thought it was average
i started breaking out badly
as soon as i stopped using it
my skin was back to normal
i usually just breakout in one or two spots on my face
it gets a point for my not breaking me out
after using it for 2 days i broke out on my chin like i never have before
i initially bought it because while getting a makeover at sephora it seemed to work great with my skin
won't come back again
small complaint about packaging is that the pump stops getting out all the product after a short while so you have to scoop it out with the pump straw
it stops working with about 10% of the product still in the bottle
i'll probably just use it on my neck until it runs out
also made me break out.
i felt it just tightened the skin
i used it at directed under my eyes
if i put it all around my eyes
i never really had any eye bag before
looking at myself in the mirror
this product burned my eyes so badly that i couldn't sleep after putting it on prior to bed
i quickly returned this item!
i do feel my eyes tighten after using it
it just didn't cut it
you still have over 2/3 of the bottle left
i've waited to try this product before writing a review
back to keeping tea bags in the fridge for me!
i am going to try to put it in the fridge from now
was disappointed only to end up returning this
i needed at least 5 drops just for my face
chest as i did
so to cover my face took 2-3 pumps
it took me a couple of days to figure out what was causing this uncomfortable problem
once i narrowed it down
i've tried posting my experience on here once before
felt like it just sat on the surface
had high hopes for this cream
the day after i used this product my eyes looked more dry
the hole to the pot where you get the product out is so small
once you get down to the pot being near empty
the first jar made me fall head over heels in love with this because i was getting those dreaded wrinkles around my eyes at the age of only 25
now that i'm on my second jar
easier to get out with the included plastic stick
then this is fine
then the irritation began and my eyes would hurt.
my under-eyes are actually dryer then before
have more lines then when i started
after trying a few other creams decided to give it a shot
it was promptly returned.
also, i've almost finished the jar.
haven't opened it until now
left a sticky residue around my eyes when i woke up
it is really hard to put out cream hide around inside bottle
then i looked it up
after finishing the bottle
acne never went away just kept getting worst
woke up with improved
figured splashing my face with water
i took the plunge
after reading the amazing reviews i gave to the heavy price tag that came with this product
i decided to try out on my neck
this stuff broke me out in tons of small little bumps all over my face
but i got break out because of this product.
i could barely st
in the garbage it went.
finally i figured out it was the eye cream
thought maybe i had a bad batch so came on here to check reviews
the lid started cracking
breaking after a plane ride
i ended up having to throw away about 1/5 of the jar
this eye cream fell very short of my expectations
i searched sephora for the eye cream i needed
it came with this one
then it dawned on me that it was me
my cat won't get near me after i put this on
when i first put it on i was horrified by the smell
had to wash my entire face again
it seemed to just sit on the skin even after patting gently for several seconds
this one was a bit of a let down
after recently switching to the perricone line
rested after using it
my cat came straight up to my face
so after i put the eye cream on
i returned the eye cream
they came back to me with "product is pure
makes me break out
i finally gave the product away.
just to prove my point: the first time i used it my cat came flying up on the counter to sniff it
i gave it three stars for the idea
this product made me break out so bad.
it left me with an oily face throughout the day
it broke me out a lot
once i stopped using this
i realized that the pimples were never going away
that would not cause break outs
it takes about 15 minutes for it to sink into my skin
also caused my skin to break out.
i started breaking out
if it gets anywhere near my eyes
i can barely bring myself to finish the bottle
after a week my face felt and looked drier.
i stopped using it
brought it back to the store
it hurt so bad that i immediately stopped using it
this turned me greasy
it also made me break out a bit
i went through the product fairly quickly.
i tried using it on the back of my h
i finally had to return it.
ended up very disappointed
i ended up having even more break outs
after a week i noticed it left my face overly dry
it helped with my oil
this caused me to break out so bad
after trying the face wash
which struck me as odd seeing as it's a natural product
the product didn't break me out
i originally went into the store with another product in mind
when i put primer / foundation on top of it
i stopped using it right away
i always still felt tight on my face after i used this
i also felt like it just sat on the surface of my skin
it causes my face to break out more than when i stop using this complexion line
hoping my skin would clear up
have not gone away
only to see my skin revert back to normal pretty soon
at first i thought it was just 'purging' my skin
i started to breakout around my nose
coming off into the cotton still
my face continued to clear up
i also started to break out a little after using it
i started breaking out in huge pimples shortly after using
it broke me out in little whiteheads
didn't even come close to finishing the bottle
to top it off-- i started to get breakouts on my chin
it almost felt like there was a film left on my skin
it causes lot of break out
i've switched over to trying murad products
when i got it i was shocked by how small it is
not down my neck
it's already over halfway gone
i did end up returning it
i am still breaking out
ended up returning it because even my drugstore face cream works better
i ended up returning.
about 10 minutes later my skin became so oily
and it kept producing oil until i washed it off.
it made me break out more
the bottle ran out super quickly.
it didn't stop me from breaking out
my face stings when i put it on
my face looks the same as it did before i put it on
saw this in the store
broke me out like nothing else
finally i decided to stop on my 3rd bottle.
even if i tried putting more of the product on my face after 10 minutes
after i put it on the 3 times i tried it
ed on my face it turned cherry red for like 20 minutes
has started to break me out
caused me to breakout badly
it was the first return i ever had.
a small pump easily goes over my face.
i put it on too thin the first time
will keep my fingers crossed.
it actually caused me to break out
it barely pulled anything out
i even followed the instructions
hot steam on my face first
it defiantly didn't blow me away
was very excited to find out sephora carried this face mask
i ended up returning it.
tried the mask without having to buy it
all it did was pull off several baby hairs.
not one blackhead was pulled out
when i peeled off the mask i was expecting a little more "gunk" to come off
decided to give another chance
stung my eyes which made me tear up
it does go away after 30 seconds or so
the moment i applied this mask my eyes were tearing up
i barely made it through the 30 minutes.
like two of them came out sadly
when i took the peel of
it only made me break out more
it didn't hurt to peel off.
my sister's tried it too
well this time i cleaned my face first then used this mask
i kept having to smooth it out
t didnt fall off my face
when i took it off it did'nt hurt
waited forever for it to dry then peel off
didn't hurt to peel off at all.
all it did was pull all the fuzz in my face out.
when i pulled it off it didn't hurt much similar to other products as well
really red as if i had tape my face
pulled it of or waxed it
we both broke out i kept trying to give it a chance by using it 2 more times
i kept getting the same results
as well as when peeling it off
it came off in tiny bits
this one completely destroyed my skin
it also gave me a huge headache after putting it on
i decided to give this umpteen tries
helped even out my skin
i tried it together
it pulled out my baby face hair
even then it barely works
i wasted $34 on this
throwing out the box
it barely hurt taking it off except in areas where i had some dry skin
it didn't even hurt taking it off
it was sold out everywhere
i tried it 3 times
it failed every single time
not much of the dirt in my pores was pulled out when i peeled it off
it turned out to be a waist of money
unfortunately i was let down
i used this mask twice and it made me break out!
i didn't see anything on the mask when i peeled it off
one near my nose that weren't there prior to using the mask
when i took the mask off, not much was collected.
i tried it twice
i could see tiny hairs had been pulled from my face each time
this went away as soon as the mask dried
it stung my eyes when i put it on which wasn't pleasant
each time was a disappointment
my face broke out in places it normally doesn't
came off fairly easily
we were all three unimpressed.
i've used up the whole bottle just
although it does take off my dead skin.
it broke me out
it felt like it just never really dried down at all
i tried it out for a day
my skin felt like paper by the end of the day
generally broke me out
plus it blocked my pores and made me break out.
on my third day of trying it i ended up washing it right off
i own almost every single one
this stuff didn't blow me away for the cost
after the getting over the $55 cost for a small volume i went ahead
the product left a ton of shine over my t zone which is what i was trying to avoid
me made me break out
my skin never felt tight the entire day
when i tried it
then broke me out
after i stopped using this creme my skin returned to normal
dry cheeks then stay away from this one
felt like i just dumped my face into the jar full of oil
started wiping it out
i barely ever break out
it was oily and broke my face out.
for some reason sephora stopped carrying it :
it made me break out
made my face break out immediately
a few hours later my makeup would collect into little dots
made me break-out like a teenager.
this one let me down
rolled up thingys on your face
give this one a miss.
i saw an increase in darkness under my eyes while using this product
soon as i got off work
i took it back for a refund
it absorve fast on my face
half of the serum would end up on the outside of the bottle as i carefully put the dropper back in
then left with an open hole in the lid
this gave me a burning sensation when i applied to my face
also, it broke me out.
t just sat on my skin as opposed to being absorbed
i decided on this since i've had good luck with clinique in the past
another one was starting under the other eye
the last guy that hit on me thought i was 26
my face turned red from using this product
seems to just sit on top.
i tried warming it up with my h
after washing it off though
it would have had to be an eye job in a jar for me to put up with it
went on to purchase black tea eye treatment by fresh
seemed a little thick for me at first
had to mix it with another product in the daytime to be able to wear eye make up without it sliding off
i am sending it back.
again = too heavy for me
felt when i tried a trial size first
i stopped using it
my breakouts went away
this still felt like my face was on fire
while i finished it
woke up with my face still dry
i'll probably end up sending this back.
it made me break out
it did not wipe off
turned into hard bumps that took a few weeks to heal with a stronger moisturizer
got this in a point perk box
stopped using my regular cream
so when i used this cream then it was perfect
i ended up returning it
it also broke me out some
warmed it in my h
it felt as if it never fully absorbed -- it just kind of sat on my skin
i waited to allow it to absorb before i applied foundation
that too never fully absorbed -- when i touched my face
decided to stop using it
watched it work its magic
got into my eyes
my jar is almost empty
had high hopes for it
by the time i got from my bathroom sink to my bed all the product had seemingly been absorbed which was nice
i actually use my nail to scoop some out
this is the third time i received an half empty jar caused by an air bubble
i end up using it all over my face
this does assist in letting product glide on better under the eyes
my face broke out
after a month of using it i realized it was what was severely drying out my skin
i accidentally got it in my eye when i was trying to wash it off
it stung so bad
broke me out the first night i used it
it broke me out again immediately
eventually my skin went back to its pre-skin supplement state
subbing this in on the off days
unfortunately,iit made my face break out.
i am still trying to get my skin back under control
this product, unfortunately, made me break out.
at first i thought it was a fluke incident since i rarely break out
as soon as i stopped using it my skin stated to clear up again
don't break out from it
break out i did
just greasy so returned it.
hasn't broken me out this far
decided to take the plunge
it caused me to break out in places i never break out such as my cheeks
my skin started to clear up a bit
my foundation just sits on it
i tried this twice.
it held up really well
unfortunately it made my face break out.
kept breaking out all over the place like crazy
this made me break out every time i tried to use it
i ended up using it on my hair
after applying this to my face it made me break out like crazy
picked this up as soon as i saw it
for that i give it big thumbs up
it just kind of sat on top of my skin
i would have returned it
didn't try it when it first arrived
i waited too long
i just had to stop using it
unfortunately, i returned this product.
had big hopes for this
let it "sink in"
set into fine lines
i tried this in the store one day when i was playing
went back to the store to buy it
let it "set" for a few minutes while "expressionless" per the instructions
it turned into a disaster
the worse it got
until my whole face looked like it was peeling
this tip was found on the tube
then it just stops working altogether
the stuff will crack
i find that after i put it on
was so excited when i first used this temporary face tightener
within minutes my skin became tighter
all in all i ended up returning the product due to the issue with the residue
hoping to help her get the regimen down pat
it takes my eye bags completely away.
it also took away the pits on my forehead like a miracle or in a dream
just bought instant firm face tightener
if u wipe that off
loses some of the magic once you put foundation over it
when i tried it on
it will literally give you a face lift
my under-eye bags were completely gone
the spell will be broken
i tried many things: patting it away after it dried
once it's wiped off or touched by water
left list of residue behind.
i wanted a tighten cream
it was the same
so i just gave it back.
i put make-up on.
upon application it tightened the skin almost immediately
my under bags were all
i tried to wash it off
the next day i was finally able to get this off my skin completely
i just tried this for the first
i just had to wash my whole face
i am sending it back
i tried applying a moisturiser first
the white lines if leaves on went on worst
however it looked amaizing by itself or with pressed powder on
when i pat it off
this went back after trying it once
as soon as i smiled the lines were back-al
back to wear you started.
then right back to where you were.
got my money back
it did pull my face tighter
the lines were gone
immediately my skin sagged
this product takes away the fine lines immediately
when i wiped it off
it zero for me.
my face broke out after 3 days of use
broke me out so bad!
then my skin freaked out
went back to buy the full bottle
this broke me out so badly.
will be throwing this out asap.
which they were safety sealed
it broke me out pretty bad
it feels like water sinking in
for about 10 minutes then poof
broke me out bad.
my face finally just now cleared back up
unfortunately it broke me out
the first few times i used it it went well my skin was definitely softer
after seeing the reviews on here i am wondering if i got a faulty product because when i first opened mine it had an old dusty smell to it like it had gone stale
that smell made me take off two stars
it didn't break me out which was great
makes me break out.
broke me out & left my skin extra oily.
it hasn't made me break out
i got this in my sephora play box
this just stayed on the top of my skin
another downside was that my sample was more than half empty
i got this in my play box
it doesn’t make my face breakout
i got this in my sephora play box
i got this in my play box.
i woke up with greasy mess
it would just ball up and pill off.
my make up looked awful
as i was rubbing it in the product would pill up in little balls on my face
i kept having the same problem
i finally gave up and returned it.
over all after using the serum which i was instructed to use after the wash
when i initially tried it
the second time i put it on i applied it without the serum under
as i rubb it on my face it breaks up into rolls of the cream
it nice until i tried it on my face
i even purchased a second bottle just to give it a chance
upset that that packaging broke
it left a white cast on my skin for the first ten minutes
after switching to another one
i went through one bottle with no results.
would always break-out
i ended up returning it after the first try
perhaps it was just a fluke bottle
i actually ordered this straight from dermadoctor’s website before sephora came out with it
it still balls up on me
sephora has been stepping it up with their products
i've never returned a product before because it seems useless to do so after i've opened it
i keep going back
then even tried applying it to one eye
even after i put it in the fridge.
just wanted to take away my slight just-woke-up puffiness
not breath taking results
i decided to give this a shot
this product gave me even more under eye lines
this eye gel came with the sephora box set all about eyes which i received when i redeemed 500 pts
before the balls start to roll
then shortly after i feel like i haven't applied anything at all
to top it off this made me breakout
s too close to my face
i will us it on my feet
had to stop using it
made me break out
this was just a waste of time
the oil free formula from the old one kept my skin in line like nothing else
i went to purchase a few more jars since i was runing low
did not absorb like the prior formulat that i ended up taking both jars back to sephora for a refund
right off the bat once opened i was not impressed by how perfumed it was
stay away from this one
it totally fell short.
this is going back to the store.
i wanted to take back the empty jar
get my money back
isn't the end result the same as putting your finger in the jar?
i figured i'd use my points
my make up otherwise held up great
i will come back
the bottle also cannot be opened after i wanted to check what happened
however i nearly fainted when i looked up the full size product
it applied just fine
unfortunately after about 1 month of using it it made my eyes dark
or how well i patted
i am so glad i tried it out before plunking down a large chunk of change because i was not very impressed with product
i felt that the skin around my eyes changed right away so every time i placed an order i choose this eye cream sample promo
when i first started using this eye cream
i went back to old eye cream until the dryness went away
then tried this cream again
on my second jar
i put it on the back of my h
on top of that it dried my eyes out
for a product that goes right next to your nose
i won't be getting a fourth.
the pump started losing its power to push the product out of the bottle
this became increasingly more frustrating with each passing day until i eventually returned it
stay away from this.
this eye cream went really fast even though i used only half a pump each time
i ordered this because it wasn't supposed to pill up
i just finished this product.
i actually started to get dry patches under my eyes which has never happened to me before
just now it is starting to run out
applying make up right after
can't open the bottle to wipe the bad boy clean
i even tried it on my boyfriend's eyes
scrape out every last drop
pull out the inner bag--pull *hard*
don't try this until it is nearly empty
i then cut a small hole in the bag
has stopped workinging all together
i returned both this
working down towards the end being the least
went right back to using perricone
not at all dried out
a lot a the product ends up being wasted
without pumping it onto the side of your h
having it run off
after a week's use gave me white heads
unfortunately it broke me out
it worked wonders on my sink
after i give it a little while
unfortunately i returned this one.
definitely kept the night cream though!
ntense i got a bunch of them on my chin
just sat on top of my skin
i am near the bottom of the container
the product went very quickly
i revived a sample and tossed it after one use.
the silver part you hold
i gave it a fair shot
you end up wasting about 15% product.
whatever was left of the sample after that basically melted
i started breaking out around the area i applied
i never break out around my eyes
knew it was the product that was causing it
this made me break out in my t-zone.
the first time i opened it i knew that it wasn't for me
it gave me an instant headache
this one i returned because the product didn't work as it claimed
also it felt heavy on my face.
have never broken out like this from a product before
when i washed my face to take off my make up before bed
i finally went out of my way to try this br
i tore it open
i broke out so badly i had to stop using the cream
i opened the bottle
used it on my entire face
made me break out.
the rest of my face didn't break out
i went to get a facial the other day
which turned out to be a big mistake
because as soon as i opened the bottle
this product made me break out
made me break out
gave it away after trying to use it
shrunk them back to normal
i'd silently lamented over it for a while
when that bottle was done
so i got another one.
then my face went ballistic
i broke out a bit worse than usual
my last bottle is down to the dregs
i first tried to use this on one side of the cheek for 2-3 weeks
i then using for both sides.
i gave this serum up to the last drop to give me the results that i read about
used it on only one side of my face
i tested this out in the store on the back of my h
in till i finish the hole battle
it went on very smoothly
the formula made my skin break out
have to put cream over it
i returned this product because it had fragrance whichi causes m to break out
conducted my own "test" by putting cold plasa on the left side of my face
now i only put it on my forehead
it made me break out horribly
it seems to have jump-started my teenage acne all over again
i will finish the jar in hopes that i see a change
i actually took it into the store
it turned my face pink at the start
this would be on my neck and face.
then started again because my skin seemed baggy
the bumps came back
i've gone though about 3 bottles of this stuff.
the bottle is now empty
at first it just stung my face when applied
needless to say it has been returned..
it laid on my skin
it also tends to ball up under my foundation
the texture was also a big turn off for me.
stopped up the dropper
this made my face break out
i made the mistake of straying from the face cream i love
or not have break outs
put it on my face
i immediately washed it off
gave it another try
there is a hole in the product.
because they were sold out of the overnight repair cream
i threw the jjar of cream in the trash
then retrieved it to use on my h
i wake up with dry patches that i have never had before
i'll let it run its course through the rest of the bottle
within days, i got another horrible break out.
then i noticed that the cream literally disappeared into this clear oil inside the jar
lifting ran out i decided to give it a try
as soon as it gets here im throwing this one away
i loved algenist when it first came out
put this one away for another day
when i went to the sephora store to replace it
then switched to this one to get a little spf added
i went back to the original to test it again
it hasnt helped at all
it balled up when i put my foundation on over it
gave this cream a chance
i got this from my play.
i tried this with high hopes of it making a difference in the darkness
as soon as i stopped using this cream
was blown away by the results
so back to the store it went.
i initially thought it was because it was cold
after i stopped using it
my skin went back to normal
i decided i wanted to up my skin care routine by adding an eyecream
at first i started with 1
a third one starting to form
after realizing this i stopped using it.
got this in my play box.
has broke me out in my delicate eye area
i think when i first started using it
i fell in love with the little jar of this stuff that was in the skin care set at christmas
feeling tightening up right-away
the second one already st
when i started on my second bottle saw no difference in my under eyes
let it "set" for a few minutes while "expressionless" per the instructions
it turned into a disaster
the worse it got
like others who have reviewed i had a white residue left on my skin after product dried
i tried using it with an under eye cream
i applied it to her following the directions.
i ended up with a white residue
the second time i used it i skipped my under eye cream thinking maybe i just had too much on
slip n slide nose after an hour
i gave another shot on a day without any makeup on
remained red for the rest of the day
it caused my undereye to break out
just patting it on quickly
leaving it alone is the best
have tried for 8 days to get it to go on without a residue
the undereyes remained tight while the product was applied
once it's washed off
get it away, get it awaaayy!
burned like they were on fire
i followed the directions (and seph.
i returned the product right away.
t started to pull on my eye area too much
makes your skin feel like its pulled in a vice
it takes it off
disappointing..brought mine back.
i threw it out after a few uses.
i felt the product did tighten
this one did nothing for my crows feet
all it did was leave a whitle film
i got as part of a kit, so i just threw out
had to send this one back
this was my first return
when i first put it on
all the magic disappeared
the bags were back
i brought this one back to sephora.
the first time i tried it my husb
make up over it
it takes away my bags
if i put eye cream over it the bags.
i tried everything to erase this
i tried everything wiping it
it looked like i put nothing on my face.
i find it worked best when i "patted" it into my skin as opposed to spreading it
it make my foundation slip and slide, instead.
it made my nose area break out
clinique really messed up when they discontinued their clarifying make up line
took this product back after only trying one time
brought it back, in the end.
i came back only to find it changed
knew it was this
decided it wasn't worth getting clogged oores over
definitely ended up disappointed
it was so heavy that i washed it off halfway through the day
it never closed right
i went out of my way to a different store just to return it for the caudelie
i am getting a head start on the face oil thing.
within seconds i had a strange taste in my mouth even though the oil never came in contact with my lips
i immediately returned the product.
it really helped me calm down my pimples then after few uses
the pros: it removed make up well.
once i was like half way through the bottle i noticed it stopped working to clean my face
it's like the ingredients had separated
so i now have to throw away half the bottle.
it made me break out
first off this stuff was separated when i received it in the mail although this wasn't obvious
it took everything off so easily
ended up going with a drug store br
i received a sample of this stuff that was just sitting in my makeup bag for the longest time
finally decided to use it
was shocked to see how much makeup was left behind on my skin
i gave it away
went back to my old cleansing oil
i try so hard to keep it away from my mouth
i tried adding a little water
it gave me that tight
it really took my make up off
i tried putting it in just my dry spots
broke out on my t-zone -it's been uncomfortable
i unfortunately got it on my lips twice
the amount i thought would cover one cheek was enough for my entire face
my skin cleared back up
both times i took my makeup off after wearing this
my face is my breakout prone at all
it burned a little whenever i first put it on
completely ruined my skin.
once i put it on
my face looked like i just splashed oil on it
aside from that it made me break out a lot in my t-zone
later cause me to breakout
as the day passed by
which made me break out
it took a very long time to absorb
broke out like a teenager
i gave it one last shot
out came the ugly bumps again
so i returned it.
i felt as though i had a film of oil over my face the whole time
day two after using it i was breaking out so bad
but this broke me out.
also made me break out.
when i started to breakout viciously
i am not prone to break outs
it's not going to break the bank.
got it on my lips on accident
it took forever to absorb.
i stopped using it immediately after i started breaking out
i rarely ever break out
decided to give it a shot
money attempting to get rid of
i finished the jar
i decided to give this a try after i had finished my jar of lancome eye cream
forcing myself to get through the container so as not to waste money
applied this under my under eye
it burned like fire
only minutes after applying my eyes felt dried out
then take it off
dark circles were what i wanted to go away
i went through the whole jar in the course of the year
ended up giving it to a friend
my makeup sat well on top of it
in the second week of use it broke me out pretty bad
after about 7 days my skin felt like it was on fire when i applied complete reform
once i got it i started using it
like 3 days later my face broke out so bad
stopped using it for a month my face got clear again
i broke out again
within about 10 seconds the areas where i had applied product were turning extremely red
sagging skin wasn't an issue for me before
sephora was nice enough to take it back because i went through a lot of the cream in those two weeks
wow, was i in for a let-down!
i do close the cover
i ended up taking it back.
find that it just balls up
then what comes out is sort of dried up
i've moved on to other things
this is the second one i tried
i would put them in an account for plastic surgery
i tried checking right away
used it twice on my eyes
nstead of throwing the rest of the sample away
what it was actually doing was removing the dead skin off of my h
i gave it 3 stars because
got to give it credit for helping my h
i am half way through my second bottle
felt a little taken for a ride on this one
tried again a week later hoping it was something else
the same results ensued
this one irritated one of my eyes so badly i had to take a break from contacts
ill give it 1 star because at least it hasnt dried up my eyes
this product was a complete let down.
this really aggravated it
just threw it away
irritated my eyes so i returned it the next day.
on day 4 reacted to it with burning
at fist this product seemed great
two major point that led to the return of this product: bad smell
returned it immediately after
i took it back to the store because i felt like it was a waste of money
i discontinued it right away
still took probably a week or so before the bumps started to go away
my face hurt after i used it
this was just average to me.
it tore my skin up in the process
went back to purchase the tube
was trying to save a few bucks
since i'm not blown away
just because i'm not blown away
i squeezed it out the first time
got at least 1/2 a tube of air
i opened the tube to use it
squeezed air out of half of the bottle before the product finally came out
i ended up with foam in my eyes
am just getting to the bottom of the bottle
i forgot how ineffective it was
after picture because ironically my before picture looks better
i've almost used the entire bottle of this up
just opened it lately
when i first used it
clearly broke me out big time
it kept breaking me out
until i started to break out all over face
they kept coming till i stopped using this product
this was a miss for me
first off, the smell was off putting.
in those 2 days my face looked horrible
i took it back
i felt like it wasn't sinking into my skin
just sitting on top of it
i would stay away from this
actually this serum made me break out horribly on my chin
i got this in a set
tried this one in hopes of it meeting my expectations
took a long time to work under my eyes
i immediately stopped using it
haven't touched it since
i got it as part of a gift set
i decided to not use the product passed the one day
when i opened this eye cream
this was just too heavy
after the first use, i knew it was not for me.
i ended up returning--my under eyes are dry
if i used it straight i felt it was too heavy
it stung like crazy
ran into my eyes stinging during the day
at the end it just crumbles on top of my eyes
it burned my eyeseverytime i put it on
the cream did not spread easily which forced me to pull the skin around the eye
for this reason i returned the product.
i wanted an eye cream that would double for day
was talked into trying this cream
after applying my make up
my guess is the contacts block the fumes given off from the cream
tear within a matter of minutes
then it starts to burn
not been blown away
have had some hits
misses with this being a miss for me
once i put it under my eyes it stung a little
ever since i started to use it i have broken out
i never break out from anythingggg
it was "beating up my skin"
didn't break me out
the bottle fell off a three feet shelf
i used it for 1 week it broke me out them my face was peeling like a bad sun burn
from beginning to end of the jar
now that we've officially reached the end of the jar
can easily go into my eyes
i believe one of them has started to fade
away from my eyes
it always finds a way to creep up within minutes
after one use the dry skin showed up
the jar is almost done
when i wore it during the day it balled up under my concealer
it's brought my eyes back to where they were before i used this product
this cream stayed on top my face
it sat on my skin never sinking in.
i stopped using this cream because my face started to become really dry
within minutes it's completely absorbed
bad enough that the rest of the sample went straight to the trashcan
decided on this one after looking through reviews
furiously itchy to the point where i could not sleep from the desperate urge to scratch my face off on the first night of usage
had to return it immediately
it made me brake out
stayed out of the sun
got to the bottom of the bottle
i feel like i threw the money away.
it started to fade away
the ingredients made me break out
making me break out
i started breaking out
when used all over my face
i just wanted my marks to fade
then i broke out alot in the areas that i was applying in stuff
still l had that feeling that it was just sitting on top of my skin
while it didn't break me out
the down side is you go through it very quickly
now i can't finished the remaining half bottle.
i gave it 2 stars instead of 1
the second i opened it
turned out it was such a terrible choice
had to use another cleaner just to get it off
it made me break out
have to be wiped it
had to literally hold my breath while applying it
it lingered for a long time even when i washed my face
seriously threw this out instantly.
then it takes a while to be able to wipe it all off with a cloth
i tried using only water
i followed the directions
the film it left behind was felt greasy
still dirty face i followed the instructions
it was hard to remove
when it arrived the balm seemed separated
like the oil came to the top
i started to break out and it irritated my face.
i ended up returning it b/c my skin became
then applied it to my face
just chalked it up as apart of the cleansing experience
i'd recommend putting it on your feet as a foot mask
even tho i followed the directions my face still didn't feel clean
they were out of the small jar
i'd have to re wash my face again
imagine putting crisco all over your face
then trying to get that off with water
cleaned the rest of my face without drying it out at the same time
looked to compare the new box i have to the list i posted
about a third of the way down the list the ingredients start to change
i also broke out from this
felt like i was rubbing straight up oil into my skin
get lost down the drain
also made me break out
it was ok at first
even after make up
even took off my make up however it left my skin very dry
shut them this seemed to irritate my eyes so badly
i took a break from algenist to try another br
my skin started breaking out slightly
i started breaking out
once i stopped using it my skin looked amazing within a week
it still balled off
it took a while for them to respond
i finally broke down
used half of the jar
made my fore-head look like a mine-field exploded
ended up returning the product
it actually feels heavy when i put it on
ended up returning it.
it was just too hard to get my skin back to normal after using this
i tried it on 3 different occasions
the mask ends up being all over my pillow.
also gave me white heads that i have tried so hard to get rid of
they put some in my h
first night input it on my face i practically didn't want to breath
the product has a harsh perfume in it that completely broke me out
the problem went away
it gave me a big break out on my forehead which is a very rare problem area for me
it sits right on top
then i realized i started to breakout
at first i was heart broken
i applied the mask over my face before sleeping
when i woke up in the morning i had to white heads out of no where on my chin
i woke up with red
i chose this after being blown away by amorepacific's second-to-none h
i broke out in tiny whiteheads all over my face by day 3
the hydration was just nowhere near enough
i feel like the product just go into the skin after 10 mins i put it on
obviously i had to throw this product away.
was stunned that this made me break out
going back to my murad for now.
my friend had the same problem where it stung
opening the jar usually stops me from putting it on
instead it broke me out
i am breaking out all over my face
it sinks in completely in a matter of seconds.
i broke out terribly
once i applied it in my face
i could feel the stinging almost immediately
when i first tried this cream
my sensitive skin broke out in terrible
i let my skin calm back down
t will run out
this product was returned.
that's what i thought as soon as i took the cap off
picked this one up, and dislike it strongly.
this made me break out quite heavily
took me a while to figure out what was causing my breakouts as i rarely breakout
added it back to my routine
the breakouts came back
left a film on my skin
after using it for about a month now i feel like it has kinda destroyed my eyelashes
if they took the scent out
i liked it because i could quickly clean my face before i jumped in bed
however when you go to close it you inadvertently pump the bottle
in order to close it with out this happening
close the top at the edge
the point was to save time.
not only did it not take off the make up it also burned my eyes
the bottle with the pump was a mess
water came out all over
after using to remove a tough formula i was happy
gave me a headache after use.
as i kept using it i started breaking out a lot i only use every once in a while not every day
i picked this up by mistake
it took too much effort
this product was a bit of a let down because i had high hopes based on the micellar water hype
holding directly on my eye for a minute
however after getting home
not something that knocked my socks off yet
the very first time i put it on
has totally gone down
a little went a long way.
i got dry and peely moments later.
this is the second eye cream i've ever given a try
the rest it helped me
this was a miss for me
never went away until i changed products
when i first started using it
i took a break from using it until my face balanced out a bit
it also made me turn very red after i used it
broke me out super bad didn't work for me
when putting it on
i found out the hard way.
i used it a couple times to give it a real shot.
this is one of the best one i have came across
when i first tried it
the day later i broke really bad
this cleanser severely broke me out
there that clear up quickly
when i used this there was just constant breakout after breakout
give it a fair shot
after now looking on sephora
felt my face dry out after using the product
my skin began to break out
forehead which i've never had before
i've gone through a bottle of this
use over the entire face
know almost for certain that this stuff broke me out with pimples like i haven't had in years
a little went a long way
initially i really liked this because it took all the excess oil off my face
i kept using it because i had it
had to try it out
i used it on one pimple that i had not popped
touched or picked at because i wanted to see if it really worked
instead i noticed that it was eating away at my skin
after the second use i had a hole in place of a pimple
this has helped calm it down significantly
not complete breaking out of my entire face
it is a tiny bottle to start off with.
i broke out in a little cluster
you have to squeeze the bottle to get the product out
i decided to get it because i broke out all over my face
expectations were high because she had mentioned that her breakouts were cleared overnight
i applied them to a clean face before going to bed
when i finally got it delivered
literally i woke up
go back to elemis which gave strong results
then my skin really broke out
when i washed my face
became greasy soon after
went through the first jar
i've contemplated returning it because the scent
i noticed the difference the moment i opened the container
i put it on my face
when i first used it
i ended up returning it.
neck then see how that works
this broke me out horribly on my skin within 2 weeks of use at night
then i get some little dry spots coming back :
broke me out terribly after one week of use
i broke out on my cheek
it caused me to break out so bad!
i realized it is the reason why i broke out on my cheeks
which has never happened to me before
from first application, the scent seemed off.
i woke up with really soft skin
it literally keeps me from falling asleep because of how strong the smell is
when i'd wake up in the morning i had broken out on my cheeks
i never break out
i threw it out after the third night using it.
spent 5 mins getting the cream off the cover
it just kept getting worse
i stopped using the cream
it stopped bothering me
it just felt like oil was sitting on top of my skin
i began to notice my skin breaking out in areas it never had before
opted to continue trying this out
made me break out really badly
i immediately returned it.
i started flaking after i began using it
i took off one star for the smell
it broke me out very badly
took a little getting used to
i tried this one out
returned it because it dried out my skin
a step up from previous face washes i had used
it seemed to last forever
i finally just called it quits
i got out of the shower
i realized it left dry spots on my face
after two uses, my face hurt.
i broke out badly.
i started using it
its sitting in my counter almost new.
using this made it worst
it screamed "fresh face" to me
i should have just moved on.
my skin has been breaking out non-stop
i don't like the slightly irritation i feel for the first few minutes i put this on though
it broke me out around chin
made my current small break outs worse
it made me break out all over my forehead
i immediately returned it
it did cause a lot of break outs
initially it stung a bit when i applied it
when i washed it off
i literally break out maybe once a month.
when i washed it off
first off, about me.
ultimately ended up returning it
held my nose up to it for 5 minutes to open my pores
dried quickly which was good
said it cleared their skin in no time
it appeared right after rinsing this off.
then i took a before
my skin felt almost the same afterward.
this one was the second mask i tried
first the mask lightly stung while waiting the 10 minutes to wash it off
while this seemed to tighten them up
im down to a quarter of my tube left
broke out my skin a whole lot more.
i would put this on my skin leave it for 10-15 min
perhaps because i haven't taken the time to open up my pores
putting it on hoping
other than that- i give this mask a thumbs down
i tried it 2 times
it made me break out under my eye area so badly
ended up returning it
dry eyes it took awhile to figure out what was causing it
also didn't go above
then it went downhill
going to return and try to restore my eyes.
i think i will go back to my kiehl's avocado eye cream after this jar runs out
decided to try this out after trying the ginzing eye cream
probably should've stuck with the ginzing
this is the first eye cream i've ever tried
i tried the ginzing one
its only made my break outs worst
probably the only face wash that i've finished up
if you start breaking out more when you start a new face wash it's because it's bringing up all that dirt
after using it for about a week i started to break out very badly
this is overdrying my skin especially after paring it with my clarisonic
i broke out horribly
i've just finished the entire bottle
now my face is terribly broken out
i returned this, unhappy with the results.
the novelty soon wore off
i still have the occasional break out
i brought it back
i broke out horribly
i used it for over a month hoping it was just purging everything out of my skin
i ended up with with a mess of a face.
i am still trying to get my skin back to normal
i started breaking out
ended up returning the product
this mask didn't make me break out
within 5 minutes of washing it off my face became dry
after washing it off my skin soon went back to being tight
then when i took if off
compare to when you take it off after 10 mins
since it is the winter time i really wanted a mask to keep my face moisterized
i'll go back to the overnight mask once i finish this
once i wiped it off my face felt more tight
dry than it had before using the mask
the minute i washed it off
just toweled it off
i tried this mask twice.
i tissued off the excess one time
i tried to give it a fair shot
i woke up with the oiliest skin i can ever remember having
i started breaking out in places on my face that i never had before
three strikes and it's out.
made me break out after several attempts.
i knew i was going to send it back
it went on so smoothly
the only down side is i found myself going through this really quickly
i usually give a product several tries before writing it off
it ran out pretty fast on me
my skin just ends up feeling tight again 30 minutes later
although this didn't break me out my skin still felt dry 10mins after using this
this was not a good match for my face.
tried it out on nose
i've tried it as a full face mask
put the pod face down after it's been opened
i saw that tip
used it after i started breaking out from forgetting to wash my face before bed a few times
this was a miss for me :
i tried it before pimples popped up
i will just stick with the tried
especially in my t zone
moved on from this product to others
it had an interesting push top that pushed the gel out
this one just ran out so quickly
both made me break out
i run out of it so fast
once you open the container
i tried this product and finished it.
i felt like it absorbed
when i washed my face i felt like the product stayed on the surface
my face felt like it was on fire i thought it would stop after few minutes
i went to wash the whole thing off
kept having regrets when using it.
the product also never sunk into my skin
just sat there after 30 minutes
my biggest complaint is that i ran out in 1 month
i got this boscia set with my 500 point.
it still left the same residue
right now i'm using smash on photo finish
it sometimes will stick while down
will not pop back up for awhile
mine fine just got stuck for a couple of days
my face broke out
i hit the gym a lot
i took this pacage apart
the spring top when taken off shows a tiny resevoir
i gave the whole jar a chance using it night
although i stopped in 2010
i just finished it
the first two days was fine i liked it okay although it made my eye area feel tight
after day 6 my eye area looked so awful my husb
this is the only thing i switched in my face regimen
finished the whole bottle
when i put this on underneath my eyes
it immediately started burning--will be returning :
only eure cream to make me break out
s so this was just another line to try
it does well with keeping the area around my eyes from getting dried out
decided to get this eye treatment to address my barely there fine lines
i am returning what's left for my money back.
i started breaking out around my cheeks
i stopped using this product
to no avail i broke out again
though it went on smoothly
i used it as directed until the bottle was empty.
it caused me to break out
first i saw the product
when i applied it on my face
this is my third order.
it was only after i started the clinique 3-step system that my skin cleared up quickly
i guess i'll keep with the routine until i run out
after my face clears up i will give it another go
breaks out more easily
wasn't ready to commit to a full jar
initially putting it on
unfortunately this caused the biggest break out :
not sure if it had sat on the shelf too long
since i had thrown away the box i can't return
it took a long time to absorb into the skin
this just felt like i was wearing a mask.
didn't blend well into the face
once that effect went away my skin was dry
that was a deal breaker for me
i will stick to the old one since i have a little left
after trying it on
i ended up giving it to my mom who has extremely dry skin
made me break out
the moment i opened the bottle i knew it was a huge mistake
after i started using this cream
which has never happened to me again
not my first pick.
also the bottle broke after 1 week lol.
the unnecessary plastic filler tube that goes around it both broke just a couple weeks after using
it flies back off
the container came apart
sephora stopped selling my favorite serum so this was my first attempt at finding a new favorite
it was never aggravated by a product like this
my skin is a broken out mess
back to the drawing board.
i desperately wanted to stave off my
then finally gave up
take super close shots before
i feel ripped off!
it rolls right off every time i apply any kind of make-up on top of it
it will prevent crow's feet from appearing
private reserve for around my eyes
i came across this product
wanted to give it a shot
so i returned it.
because the product went on smoothly
worked well under make-up
i ended up returning it.
then the same right after
f you don't have an issue with cones then go ahead
after two weeks of use i had the worst breakout/reaction on my chin
tried it out for a while
i found that this sat on top of my skin
just finished the first bottle.
purchased in store because they were out of the mask
broke me out after 3 days
broke me out worse
i took 2 stars out
broke out my skin
i made me break out more
i never break out
and i got the $30 bottle!
when i opened it
after finishing my second bottle
it completely fell short
after i got about 1/4 through the bottle
the pump mechanics got all gucked up with the product
i noticed my face was breaking out like crazy
just trying to finish up since i have the product
the promise fell flat
i decided to jump in
i broke out really badly
i tried it twice
each time i broke out with spots all over my cheeks
would return it if i lived closer to a sephora store
it did not lift or firm
sent both jars back
a bit of patience to decide if it's a keeper for the long haul
when i first started using this i could tell a difference right away
it made me break out badly
needless to say, it went back to the store.
will be taking back the left overs to get my money back
my skin under my eyes were better *before* i started using this product
i didn't see a difference around my eyes after using the entire bottle
i exchanged another eye gel for this one
used one whole bottle
i've had fine lines around my eyes since i was a teenager
i am almost finished with my bottle
ing full time job so my eyes need lifting
i ended up with red
after a couple hours my fine lines under my eyes seemed to look worse
this one falls short
the "matte finish" lasted for approximately two minutes before my nose became oily again
i love korres' whole wild rose line
i definitely prefer the wild rose line
since it didn't break me out
i then started to break out
i usually never break out
clears up a good amount of it
that cleared it up
i figured i would give this a shot.
it breaks me out
by the end of the day i had broken out
right when i put it on my face was stinging
my face turned red
after each use it caused my skin to get red followed by a stinging sensation
throughout the next day i'm just a massive grease ball
so when i saw that this was aimed towards oily/combo skin i went to sephora to purchase
after a week of using this my nose area got so dry
i ended up returning this product.
i would take a break and try again.
it just sits on top
when i put it on top of another product
i got this in a set along with the extra eye cream
ice tried several times to make it work
never felt like it absorbed into my skin-even when i patted it in as one other reviewer suggested
when i first opened the jar
ended up throwing it away
so strong that after tossing
turning in bed i decided to get up
but after some time, it started to pill.
after just one use, i broke out like crazy.
ended up returning it because the scent was too strong
unfortunately it left me with really red
i didn't finish the tiny jar on my face
i ended up applying it to my h
the scent of this one is so strong i found myself waking up several times
made my face break out.
got this in my playbox
made my face break out
then add another layer later
it was the bumps it gave me
the cream drew water out of my skin
my jawline broke out in a way that is not normal for me
and it gave me a headache.
i got this in my playbox
decided to try it out
if this comes back in the old packaging
this broke me out
i broke out so bad
i foresee myself having to cut open this tube just to reach the remaining amount
this one gets a thumbs down from me
caused me to break out
had a couple of break outs
it also made me break out.
it only caused me to break out.
since i always put on sheer face make-up
it caused me to breakout
just wound up returning
it left a film on my face that i had to wash off with my regular wash
then broke me out
but it broke me out.
when i put it on my skin
back to the store it went
unless i find a way around the burning sensation this is going back
decided to try it out
my skin went crazy
i liked this at first because my skin looked plumped up
felt smooth immediately after using it
completely breaks me out
after 5 times i broke out like i couldn't believe
i tried spraying directly on my face per the instructions
just had to get it out of my bathroom
it also broke me out.
but tried it and was disappoiinted!!!!!
how the can clogs up before its empty
before applying on the other side of your face
the rest is preasurized air
that's why i gave it two stars instead of one.
i tried a primer over it
it started to ball up a little
my skin has actually been causing me to break out
i tried wearing my usual powder foundation over top
thought i would give this a shot
this didn't hit the mark on moisture despite its name
wish it were a keeper, but i'm back to searching.
i got extremely bad reaction on my face.
sever reaction, i would say!!!
at first i was thinking about returning it
ended up taking it back because of this reason.
i plan on using up the jar
the second i opened the jar
the scent was so disgusting that i literally checked the expiration date on the bottle thinking maybe i got an expired batch
forcing myself to get passed the smell
i then noticed my face looked oily
i finally solved the problem by pouring it from the jar into my h
once i get through the jar
each time i'm completely distracted by the awful scent
it didn't break me out at all
because when i opened the jar
it smelled like laundry that had been left too long in the washer
this cream had a fake
wish they had put this in a container with a pump vs in a jar
going back to ptr line
i could've kept it
finally decided to give them a try
never have i broke out after trying something new
into the garbage it goes.
i washed my face not even 2-minutes after applying
i ended up returning it
made me break out
my skin broke out almost instantaneously.
i broke out with this product
it doesnt break her out
red after i apply it
then it turned out to have a very light consistency
the creme almost ran down my h
s before i put it on my face
i almost ran out when i tried to put it on the rest of my face
i didn't want to put my fingers back into the jar to get more
felt like it set on top of my skin without ever absorbing
my face felt amazing after just one use
the product is being repeatedly being exposed to the air which in turn breaks down those ingredients
as soon as i stopped using it my pores cleard up.
then i had to stop
my face began to break out
i went back to my usual more expensive product
this one is definitely getting returned.
didn't break me out
by morning i think it had rubbed off on my pillow
would really take away the shine
you get home open the box
it broke me out
i got it in conjunction with the umbrian clay bar
just on the fence about the shine control
eventually left me a bit oily
now that i'm more than halfway through the bottle
when i put this product on
after putting this on
i tried this after my fresh original trial set ran out
returned and went back to the original version.
started clearing up within a day.
keep oil at bay
i keep trying to go back to this
it went right back.
overtime my skin has appeared more dull
after i tried it
when i applied it to my face
got into every single fine line
i assumed the tester was down to the end or something
the only thing that occurred under my eyes was a mentholated feeling for about 10 minutes
i took this with me on a two
helps wake-up both me
gave it a try as well
once it was strong
i roll it in a circle around my eyes once a day after cleansing
then when you twist the product all the way out of the container
the stick was broken from the very first time i used it
i got talked into buying this de-puffing eye balm
it starts to burn eventually
the fact that the packaging came apart soon after
giving this two stars because it did work to depuff my eyes
i ended up tossing it when the product was almost gone
then it starts burning
burning sensation goes away after a while
i even tried sticking it in the freezer
within a minute of putting it under my eyes it started to burn
led the mintiness of it fine
i put this under my eyes
sent it right back.
the only reason i didn't give it just one star was because it actually felt good gliding on my skin
overall a waste of money for me, i returned it.
i ordered this as a step up from my usual clarins night cream when sephora stopped carrying it
broke out all over
then really been upset
i've also already broken out on my nose.
it did not firm a single thing on my narrow face
to add insult to injury broke me out
i started using it
once i switched to another product
albeit a tough name to remember at first
i just finished a jar of this
it came with no instructions at all.
then showered the way i normally do when using a mask
using it on my body now
left on my towel
it was just sitting there
when i first got this
i started breaking out
i seriously wanted to be head over heals with this one
halfway through the bottle the pump completely stopped working
after about a week i switched back to my skin tone correcting moisturizer
that was the claim.
i used it once and returned it.
even after 30 min to let it 'set'
i came across juno
when i put this on
decided to try this oil
i started to break out
started it up again
this oil sits on my face for quite a while before fully absorbing
first off it made me break out.
sat on my skin
i ended up returning it
stayed oily on my skin all day
i've got a pretty stripped-down
my bottle is over
that big heavy bottle that i thought would last months is empty
got the kit that came with the small sample of this the moment i put this on my face it burned so bad
my face started turning red within about 5 seconds i had to wash it off right away :
it also made me break out
a place i never break out
unfortunately after finishing the one ounce bottle
rotated with the night oil
used up a whole bottle of this
it's gotten better since i stopped using this
my skin broke out for over a month.
broke me out and i never get acne.
got this in my play box.
let it sit for a few minutes for deep cleaning
i got this in my sephora play bag
i gave it another chance
when i did i broke out even more
it is going back to the store : (
my skin is breaking out like crazy
broke me out even more.
got it in my play box and the cleanser was okay.
wasted a lot just trying to wash my face
it felt slightly stripped after.
since i ran out
a half until i ran out
my make up looked the same
has to be shaken before every use
it seems to just push my make up around my face.
i got this in my play box
where i never break out
went fangirling hard on sr after i first tried the power couple duo
sadly was left so upset
my skin reacted immediately after using
however, i ended up disappointed.
never put it on my t-zone
then down my neck :
quit applying on my face
after my run-in with this
not too many break-outs
it worked right away
my face cleared up a little bit
my face cleared even more
my face totally cleared up in 2 days
now that my face has cleared up
while i had high hopes
peeled off if i touched my face
i broke out all over my face
i would advise doing a spot test before diving in
when i opened the box
can throw it away
ends up on my phone
this stuff sat on top of my skin instead of sinking in
had to was my face
this is going back.
the directions on the bottle said to use something like 5 drops
my advice is to use one or two drops at a time or you'll end up spreading it all over my arms
but, this made me break out all over my face.
when i wake up it is completely absorbed
i felt i was pushed into choosing this over some of the other products at sephora
i ended up taking it back
made me break out
it just dried me out.
i returned it in the end.
i felt like it never absorbed into my skin.
stayed with what i know
after a while the lines would come back
when you put it on it reduced the look of the line
when i got home
red the box turned out it was to be used under make up to reduce visibility of fine lines- not what i wanted
the tube is almost empty
i also saw that the skin was being pulled more during makeup application process
i count it a loss of money
i switched to take a deep breath
it did the opposite.
it caused my chin to break out like crazy
however it made me break out like i have never before
i felt like it just sat on top of my skin
my acne cleared up about the same when i was only using the max complexion pads by themselves
most of it ends up spilled out of the tube
the opening to this tube is huge
you're constantly having to shove excess product back in
it took me over 20 yrs to figure all this out.
this made me break out horribly.
after only a few uses my skin was clearing up!
it is hard to put it back in
i didn't find that his helped at all with breakouts
it has caused me to break out really bad
i continued to use it hoping that my skin would calm down
the first time i used this my face turned bright red almost immediately
i frantically tried to wash off my face
needless to say i returned this product.
i ended up returning it
the opening is too big
i ended up just going back to an on the spot treatment from clinque
clearing up/keeping clear
only open it upside down
i ended up returning it.
i'll review again once i finish the tube...
my "on a clear day" prevented my oily t-zone.
as rupaul would say: bring back my
really wanted to give it a shot even though i had never tried philosophy's skin care line
which i chalked up due to the weather
my skin massively broke out in the areas that i used this
worse the skin took 4x as long to heal once the pimple went away after a week
not that it was terrible in the first place
i picked this up after i ran out of philosophy on a clear day spot treatment
i get the occasional break out
when i got it home i followed the directions
it never stayed on my skin once it was dried
i'll just stay away from sephora br
gave me a bit of a headache while wearing it
didn't break me out which was nice
this broke me out
i picked this up yesterday after going through 2 bottles of the instant moisturizer
i doubt i will finish this up
returning it back to store as soon as i can.
i switched it out for the mattifying one
i only gave it 3 stars because as soon as its washed off my face is extremely dry again
it made me break out
i tried to reposition it a few times
the gel felt as if it was pulling my skin while sticking to it
i also found it really difficult to lay on my eyes in a way that it was actually touching my eye skin
ended up cutting it in half so it laid flatter.
rest with it on
seems wasteful to throw it out after the first use
it stayed in place
i admit i thought i was purchasing eye mask for just the under the eye area
i will stick for the face masks from now on
i picked up this mask yesterday because i read the back of the packaging
it did almost nothing to my tired eyes
stick it on your face with your eyes closed for 15 minutes
i buy eye patches all the time so when i saw this one
for the $ i got it
i actually felt like it stayed on better after the initial use
i still keep going back to a small bag of crushed ice wrapped in a thin towel
i didn't see sign of improvement after the first pack
i tried the instant depuffing eye mask today
it didn't lay right on my face so that the area right around the eyes wasn't covered unless i held it in place constantly with my h
it did feel cool while it was placed on
now my skin is worse then when i started this
i started breaking out between my eyebrows
maybe this is just it breaking out my skin before it clears up
break me out even more
bought it right away
i'll keep using it until it's gone
i ended up returning this.
this while bottle did nothing for my face.
it let me down
my skin started breaking out with lots of oil
tip: it doesnt run out fast <3 i used 2-3 pumps for my whole face
in weird areas of my face since i started using this
this broke me out
while it didn't eliminate it
this new version made me break out
used half the bottle
still have a decent amount of product left in march
made me break out
it really hit me the 1st time.
i've had to literally break the pump to squeeze the lotion out
didn't break me out
it stung when i put it on my face
it ignited my face whenever i put it on
i decided to try that after the ptr debacle
had to wipe my face down when i was at lunch
it went on nicely
1) it broke me out.
almost as if i had a clay mask on
however, once again i was let down.
i only needed to use them on my nose
then it rolls up with any other product you put on top
half way through the 2nd tube
i just returned it
this one made me break out
this was out of control
i threw this out.
i tried it 2-3 times
which was gone by the am
next time i'll just go see a skin specialist.
it seems to just sit on my skin after i put it on
i'll give it the rest of the box before i completely write it off though
and i had high hopes!
t had to be returned
then began breaking out
when i took it home i realized just how strongly scented this was
the serum has a initial strong smell to it that goes away after a few seconds
half for my neck
i'll keep using it until it's gone
after using the entire bottle
i should also note that the idea is to pat this down to the collarbone
i break out like crazy
and i finished it really fast...
after several minutes my skin went back to dry again
floral sent people around me into fits of sneezes including myself
then it started to make my forehead completely break out
weighs it down just enough to tame fly-aways
the scent was a major let-down
makes my face break out
the one time i attempted to try this
i got this as part of the 4-piece set
it kind of sunk into the skin
so by the time you went to wash it off it felt like there was no product left on the skin
although it's all natural my face broke out after using it just once in a very small amount
a half to repair the damage my skin got after just one thin application of this
just tried it today
it fixed my skin right after i got out of the shower
i tried it twice
then gave up on it
i found it was exactly the opposite
the second i washed the mask off from my face
the area where i put the mask on got so red
i constantly wanted to put it in my mouth
my face ended up red and raw!
i tried this mask
as soon as i applied it to my face it started to burn
it also made my face red after using it.
after 30 minutes i was already blotting
it actually ended up completely drying out my forehead
got rid of this immediately
my skin cleared up
after using it for a while i started getting white bumps on my face
i went through this bottle so quickly
it made me break out all over my face
i really wanted to try the other caudalie cream with the green cap
i should have gone with my gut.
with the intention of purchasing it as a night cream if i ended up liking it
it just kind of sat on top of my skin
it did break me out a bit also.
that i probably just should've gotten in the first place
it also burned my skin when i put it on
dry patched with a touch of oil in my t-zone at the end of a hot day
after 2 weeks i noticed that was was getting severely clogged pores on my four head
i felt it on my face all the time
back to the store it went
it did the complete opposite
it also caused me to break out significantly on my forehead
once i started using it
made me break out badly :/
it broke me out.
this to too it off
i love caudalie items but this one broke me out.
this product felt nice for the few seconds i was applying it before it began soaking in
my face began to burn
the sensation always goes away without me washing it off
under eyes were the same
it went away once i stopped using the product.
i tossed the last tube before it was finished despite it being so expensive
it came with a lot of free goodies
from the first application i didn't like the oily way it went on
like punched in the eye black all the time.
this one is a little think it just slid in my eye
it burned so bad
gave this under eye corrector a try
however after after letting it on my skin for 30 min it still felt greasy
oh well back to the drawing board.
when this came out
i decided to switch ti this which turned out to be a mistake
ended up returning it
tried this hoping it was a correcting cream
even when i set it with a powder
minus a few misses here
goes right into your eye
i ended up returning the product which i never do
after putting it on
a lot squeezed out at once
as well as after stopping use
the bumps went away
it broke me out.
realized that it was causing the breakout
i woke looking like a grease ball
while halfway through my bottle i decided to purchase another one to have on deck
i opened up the new bottle
my forehead broke out
the scent was also pretty off-putting for me.
i woke up with more oil on my face if anything.
it was just uncomfortable using it on my face overall
after trying another beauty product that obliterated my face
it helped soothe a terrible break out
it also takes a while to sink in
to melt into my face as the store associate had promised it would
after 25 minutes of the product failing to soak in
it made me badly break-out
i kept using it thinking that my skin was purging
my skin kept getting worse
i eventually returned it
a dark spot on my four head from a breakout that i've been trying to get rid of didn't see any brightening at all
the manager at my sephora said she went through the same thing
this caused me to break out all over my face after one use
wasn't for me so i had to return.
then why does it come in a giant open container?
when i ran out of the pads
perfect because i've got a few spots.
should've returned it when i had the chance.
i've gone through almost one bottle
will try to finish this bottle
it didnt remove one mark from my face
also, this caused me to break out a little bit.
i paid way too much money just to have my complexion ruined for two weeks
i even took before
not worth it took me a week to get my skin back to normal
it started to give me breakouts from the 2nd time
on my way of recovering
broke me out really bad
when i tried to wash it off
it kind of clung on to my skin
i swapped it out for nixoderm
too much comes out so i had to take the lid off.
it was a big let down for me
first off, the packaging is horrible.
i took a chance on this product.
i usually jump the gun with reviews
get excited without giving products a few days to settle with my skin
the smell was only offensive the first time around
this was where i became exasperated with the product
this somehow managed to clear up the acne that i had when i first put it on
i am holding out hope
i've broken out worse than ever before
hoevwer the company stopped making it so when i came across this i was really excited
i just had to try it out
i tried this after falling in love with the moisture rebound cream
this also caused me to break out.
it made my skin break out
they continued until i stopped
i got this as a point bonus at my local sephora.
this line gave me the worst breakouts of my life
was very exited to get this cream
the product leaked all over my counter
gave me blemishes when i used it every night.
not to mention it evened out my skin tone
unfortunately this bottle is getting returned
i just started putting it directly on my face to avoid that fall out
so, i returned it.
it was okay in the beginning
as soon as i started using it my face started breaking out
when it came time to get a new serum
the product ran down my fingers before i got the hang of how to dispense
once on my face
i started breaking out 3 days into the new product
i inherited it pretty quickly
i wanted to help with the fine lines i'm starting to notice under my eyes
therefore, i took the plunge.
then apply to my face with my other h
it broke me out
when i did it just felt gross
my eyes started tearing up
never had this happen with eye cream before!!!!
had to get out of bed
it has completely disappeared
it was not being carried by the sephora store that i went to
when i started to use this product
when i stopped using this product
decided to check this out
my eyes started to water really bad
whenever i put it on
my eye would tear up for about 5 minutes
wanted to try their eye cream
it runs into my eyes throughout the day
i put it on right away in the morning to let it dry before doing my makeup
it made it difficult to put on concealed.
returned it right away
when i stopped the usage the burning stopped
i broke out around my eyes.
also, i did not notice my skin got lifted.
i got it from the skin in bloom value set to find try new line
this also broke me out terribly.
tight when it had sunk into my skin
it didn't breakout my face.
runs out really quickly
gets knocked over easily
it made my face sweat as soon as i put it on
it caused me to break out badly
i never break out
my face is the same dryness as it was before i started this product
made my skin break out
made me more prone to break out once makeup was applied
this product ruined it
i feel bad for spending more than $10 on this product as i've ended up quickly repurchasing a korean moisturizer to fix the mess this has left behind
it kept getting worse
my face was stuck to my pillow all night.
let dry in between
this product broke me out sobadly.
it sunk into my skin quickly
it caused me to break out
it made me begin to breakout
after completing the jar my skin felt little irritated-red after every use
the pump stopped working
hammer to destroy the lid to find i had at least two weeks or more product left
because i still have a couple of break outs i noticed that when i applied it to my face it would burn
i don't know if i ran out of product or the pump just broke
caused me to break out
i gave the rest of the product away.
the product still felt the same on my face as when i first put it on
actually made me break out
all it did was make my make smear off my face within hours of applying
i gave the camu cream a shot
behold there was no more coming out
ended up with mixed feelings
causing a breakout or two
i just started using camu camu
i ended up returning this.
it made my face break out bad.
i never had broke out like this before several large tender bumps all over my chin area
my face rarely breaks out
i went through about half the bottle before dropping it from my routine
i got talked into buying this.
i sprang for perricone's ipt
ordered it with hope
i got it off my skin as soon as i could
when i opened it it is hard as a rock
just threw it out
within 15 seconds my face was on fire.
took it off as fast as i could
for the next 10 minutes i felt like a layer of my face had been removed
unfortunately it broke my skin out
i started breaking out
when i first got this it was an alterinative from my regular mask
it makes me break out
it was hard to get off my face once applied
after putting it in maybe not even 2 minutes later my face felt like it was burning
"fight through the burn"
it burned so bad i had to wash it off after two
even if i kept it closed the mud inside dried
it made me break out
in seconds my face felt like it was on fire
after i took it off my face was like a tomato
before i even got to the other half of my face i had to wash it off
aside from the dead leaves
i tried to return it at the store
first off i did not like the huge chunks in this mask
once i had it on my face for a minute it started tingling
then instantly started burning
it took almost a day for the redness to go away completely
so much that the opening was clogged with pieces
the only downfall i found with this product was the jar dried out fairly fast
i gave my skin a break
tried the other products from the set
my skin is just now starting to clear up
even used the whole bottle
this however made me break out around the eyes after one or two uses
therefore the bottle went too quickly for almost $70
that is 100 wasted points that i will never get back :
following the steps outlined in the video only served to push my "bags of puffiness" around
i used my finger instead
stopped using it and my eyes looked better?
i went back to the lift volumetry.
it also hasn't evened out my skin tone at all.
at least it didn't make my skin break out.
every time i tried to put it on
my face would break out
my face rarely breaks out--
i used up the whole bottle
switched back to my regular products until my face cleared up
i break out occasionally but not badly.
when i finally got my h
i applied as directed all over my face
a day later i noticed/felt bumps all over my face
i decided to use it regularly on just the skin on my forehead
i really wanted to be blown away by this
remember to put the stuff on my face before i used water
after i got into the habit it was fine
when i opened the cleansing oil i was very excited
once i followed the direction
i now have a $60 bottle just sitting there on my sink
i didn't really pick up that rose scent that it claims to have
since no directions came
press it onto your face for a few seconds
then i realized that my skin was feeling tight
then started to turn concerningly hot
washed it off then my face turned bright red
the bottle is nearly empty.
after trying out the product
it made it easy to spread on my face
occasionally challenging to get from my finger to my face without losing some to the counter
there is no way to open the jar
scoop the rest out
my skin broke out
i did get a bump under my eye
i stopped using it
the stinging never went away
when i applied it
after a few minutes i felt this burning sensation on the areas i applied the product to
this product burned when i applied it.
still on the fence .
i went in for another product
bought what i originally went in for
i paid $200 for my last eye cream
it burns my eyes so i returned it.
but it made me break out terribly!
i just tried this mask today.
it started burning about 3 minutes in.
then my face was red
it came unopened with chunks breaking up the wonderful smooth consistency
after i put it on this mask
the second i took it off my nose
then the next day my skin started peeling off.
i finally tried it today
as soon as i opened the package i notice this horrible scent
as soon as it touched my skin i felt like it burned my skin
i should have taken it off right away at that moment
waited till it was 60% dried
when i took it off everywhere where i put the mask was red
i even had to put ice on my face
i am so upset cause my face won't stop burning :
everywhere i put this i broke out the next morning
did not go away for a while.
turned out i was wrong
stopped because i saw that it was doing nothing
i broke out so bad with this mask
it took me over 3 months to get my skin back to where it started because of the breakout the mask caused
it also has a unpleasant odour that threw me off.
once i wash off the mask my face looked the same right after
leaves my skin glowing but next day i break out.
i left it only 10 minutes
when i rinsed off my face it looked like i had a red mask left on
i left it alone
i feel like i'm going into my yard
t came as a surprise when i washed it off
my face was red everywhere i had put the mask.
after my skin settled i've learnt that this works best for me as a spot treatment on my tzone
after i took the mask off my face was bright red.
my pimple should of been gone along with the junk that it pulled to the surface
my blemish on my chin that i had for a month has went down
i broke out almost instantly after mask treatment
refreshing when putting on
this just broke me out
i will probably finish the container
it just felt like it sat on my skin
this broke me out
when putting on foundation
when i first put this on my face after showering
it broke me out
what i really didn't like was the massive amount of time this took to sink in vs
this took upwards of 20 minutes to finally soak into my skin enough for me to do my makeup
i looked like i had just reached my h
it broke me out
never made me break out
they clear up almost immediately after i stop using this lotion
after i put it on the first time my face turned tomatoe red
i wanted to wash my face all over again.
i should have stocked up on it when i went to my local sephora
noticed they had to open up the bottom drawers just to find this particular non-plus mad
i gagged the first time i put it on.
i returned this immediately.
around 10am i looked in the mirror
the pros are the smell wasn't off-putting
i found that when i applied my foundation over top of this product
causing me to have to wipe everything off my face
start over again with a different primer-type base
the product doesn't roll off as badly as when applying a full face of foundation
even if it were a temporary fix it would have been gapped enough
it felt like i was wearing clear foundation.
this product just did not match up
kept my foundation in place
while in the store upon asking about oil control
t hurt when i had to give this up
the first time i tried it my skin immediately started to burn badly
luckily it subsided after about 15 minutes
take a second to look back at the claims
i stopped after a while
gave this a shot as i love most all of tarte's products
made me break out towards my chin
did attempt to put in on my face
after my skin cleared i tried it again just in case it was something else
my skin was flaking off from when i woke up to when i went to sleep
after my dry skin had been fixed
after it did its job it left me disappointed
as time went on i started breaking out
i've tried it with different foundations
the oil bottle's lid fell to pieces halfway through too which was annoying since it was so expensive
at 32 i'm looking into products to help fight against early
sadly this had to go back
got one on my forehead
i gave it two stars because i found it to be great at night for lips
back home in nj i was unable to pump any product from the dispenser
i will definitely move on after finishing this very expensive bottle
it broke me out
it is going back
it took a week to clear up.
the packet had enough for me to use it twice.
it has not caused me to break out
i returned it as soon as i could.
it does break me out on my forehead
after a quick scroll through the reviews
it broke me out within the first use.
the free sample ended up costing me a trip to the aesthetician
has finally dawned on me that it is causing break out on
it also broke me out
its stayed sticky on my face
it felt like it just sat there heavily on my skin
it was too rich for my skin in the day which caused me to break out here
i've returned back to my old drugstore moisturizers until i return this for something else
it breaks me out
it just felt like it only sat on my skin
my skin had just started clearing up
i finished the whole bottle
this was too harsh on my face.
instead of tossing it i started using it on my chest
i did use it on my neck
tried it a second time hoping for a good result
i used a dab having had a bad experience with a previous bottle
this was horrible under my eye area it hurt my skin just putting it on
got this eye repair cream in a set
when i went back to this product
stung my skin so bad that i had to throw the whole bottle away
when i put it on
it also had a stinging
then it just rolled off my skin
it took me about three uses to make the connection because i first tried it on a trans-pacific flight
thought the irritation was caused by dry air on the plane
the irritation cleared up once i stopped using the cream
while i try to keep it mostly away
i can't go to bat for this one
make me look rejuvenated while starting the anti sharing process earlier
i just returned this product.
this burned so bad i had to wipe it off immediately
started adding it to my face cream
wasn't using it directly around my eyes
it was too unbearable to deal with
i stopped using this product.
a soon as i applied it again it continued to burn
that goes away quickly
the irritation does eventually go away
i returned it and got something else.
as soon as i put it on it caused a slight burning sensation
this eye cream from the first time i used it
i tried to put veeeery little
the stinging was really bad
it did slide into my eyes
made my eyes hurt like crazy
it went on nicely
i washed it off immediately
on the plus side
i went to two different sephora
unfortunately i've used the entire tube up
i've almost gone through a full bottle of this
i found that it just sat on top of my skin.
the first time i used this it made my skin
then after a couple of days i noticed my cheeks were breaking out right in the area i was applying this
around 3 months of time attempting to give this stuff a shot
i went through the entire tube
its easy to put on with the roller ball.
got lost in the primary /foundation stage
i keep rolling it over
over on my face
i ended up returning it.
the rolling ball made ease of use though.
broke out yet again
i feel that it broke me out in the places that i put it
when i put on my foundation
it started to sort of peel off
i stopped using this product
my skin never absorbed one single drop of it.
i broke out severely after the first 2 uses
it continued to get worse
its been causing me to break out too.
then my skin became irritated
i run through this rather quickly
my break outs were few but annoying.
once i started using this my face went ballistic!
my face became so red like it burned my skin even if i put it on according to the direction
will pass going forward.
wanted to try it out before making the jump to the regular size
i ended up getting similar results with a product half the price
i gave it a shot and wore it almost everyday.
i finished the jar today
my make up never sat well over this product
this one totally missed the mark
just sat on top my skin
it balls up as soon as i rubbed my primer on my face right after
started breaking out on the second day
even though i am breaking out
it made me break out
it would just ball up
when i first put it on
it immediately felt cooling
in the morning when i washed my face it felt like slim was coming off my face
it started burning less than a min.
on the plus side
my face would turn red when i applied it after showering
after finishing this bottle
it didn´t break me out
so, i returned it.
it goes away quickly
i realized it was drying out my face
i gave it two stars because it did help even out my skin tone
i picked this one for try
i see it tighten my pores right after i put it on
t is back to normal
first off it's been an entire bottle
i've finished the bottle now
as soon as i started using a rich eye cream again
i felt as if i turned back the clock 5 years
i chose this after it got a good review on beautipedia
i've solved the problem by only applying it at night
i decided to returned it.
i tried applying lightly just once a day
i tried to stick it out for 2 whole weeks
my eye area just seemed frankly worse then before i started
decided the damage i'm doing to my eye area wasnt worth waiting for the supposed magic to kick in
it also finished too soon
this is going back.
it is going back
the product dried out my eyes even though i followed up with a moisturizer
it gave me more lines under my eyes.
one day of use was enough to scare me
but it burned so bad!!
this burned upon first application
thought i should get one to help with fine lines around my eyes i saw literally no change after using the entire tube
then follow with my eye cream
'm taking a break from it
when it started to sting very badly upon application
i stopped using it
i'll make it through the bottle
i waited until i finished the bottle to give a fair review
made it crease immediately
then try the cream again
it started to give me a headache
i used this product for about a month until i just gave up because i noticed that it did nothing to get rid of my under eye dark circles or bags
i tried this out in the tarte wide awake set
rather sat on top of my skin
now that i stopped using it
how it could have dried out my under eyes
after a couple of uses it started stinging
i finished the entire jar
after using a whole jar
i finished this product
i did not apply close to the lash line
ended up giving it away to a friend
i got a mini of this in a set with the oil awhile back
i finally got around to using it.
then i noticed my entire eye area was drying out
still on the hunt
i lost it in my house it's so tiny.
while i was wearing it it took so long to absorb
somehow renew the area
i've pretty much finished the entire container
i'll use it up because i have used half the bottle
i will never put it back on my eye lids because it burned them
with continued use i found i broke out with more blemishes on my forehead
too bad when i opened it all i could get out is oil
i returned this after i realized it was causing my skin to peek from being even more dry than before i used to
wanted to send this back
after weeks of seperation i finally just threw it out
it came out of the tube already oily
that went south quickly
i would pass on this
it just felt like it sat on top of my skin
never sank in no matter how much i rubbed it in
then it stopped sinking in
i just discovered that this jar of moisturizer had been opened by another product pressing against the latch
have had trouble with every container
after the first week she started to breakout around her chin
she stopped using it
didn't think it was the eye cream until i stopped using it
i quickly returned it.
it eventually went away when i stopped using the product
this one misses the mark.
clinique suddenly took that off-shelf
bring back the old version
it cleared up once i stopped using it.
after i started using it
bought algenist eye cream after returning this.
bumps went away after discontinued use.
my wrinkles stayed just the same as they were before i started using this product
the first time i put it on my eyes watered
my makeup settled into the fine lines this product had created from the irritation
as i was nearing the end of the pot
on the outside of my eye where i applied it
all three times my eyes end up red
my eyes are burning when i put it too close under
a total bust for me :
i used this for about a week until the skin around my eyes started to itch
returning and going back to oh.
just started using it
liking it i opted for the overnight mask instead figuring it seemed like a nice luxury
consequently made my skin so oily i broke out
it has transferred from my face to my hair so when i use it
i lay on my back
i put it to the rest
i ended up just trying to message it in
away because it just stayed to tacky
i realized it was making me break out
my skin broke out
it did not breakout my chin
it just also happened to break me out.
this product broke me out
used alot but skin was still dry when i woke up.
unfortunately, it caused me to break out.
i've never once woken up with a "soft
it broke me out everytime i used it
get my sephora on the go bag
put it in there
the discomfort would last for a min or so then its ok
took it off after 10 mins
could check out this mask before dropping full price for it
i ended up breaking out even more
it was a let down
i noticed that i have started to break out.
upon my first time trying it i was immediately turned off by the scent
then causes break outs
taking it back today and not risking it again
initially when i applied this product over my face it was really lightweight
woke up with the cream still on my face like it didn't absorb at all
when i put it on
as a result my skin breaks out
and then i started having horrible breakouts.
it was the worst mistake
my face is even more broken out this time.
it broke my entire face out
i first applied this cream all over my face
felt like the product wasn't even being absorbed as it just sat on top of my oily forehead
i skipped my forehead
it also broke my face out around my nose
i tried to stick it out for a couple weeks hoping it would go away
my irritation completely went away
it made me break out all over my face
however, it somehow balls up on the skin.
i returned this one.
the middle of the first day wearing i started noticing a decent size blemish
the 3rd day i completely broke out
i ended up going back to sephora
i went back to murad because this felt like an average over the counter product
it was like putting nothing on my face
after that never again
when i first opened this
not on my face
but it caused me to really break out.
i terribly broke out all over my face
then i applied it all over my face
i never break out
when my pillow case started sticking to my face i couldn't take it
i did start getting break outs
once i did, my face was finally clearing up.
she let me know a week later that she had to stop using it because she broke out on her jaw line
i switched to a different oil
already my skin is almost back to normal
the lid had a hard time working sometimes
made me break out around the chin
it will never tighten to complete closure again
the bottle has spilled out into my bag which leaked through the bag
started traveling with it in it's own separate plastic bag
it just spilled out into the bag
i tried to scrounge up enough of it as i could
i patted the oil in as i was instructed too
literally only applied 1 drop
my foundation separated on my face
going straight back to the store.
so far it has made my skin break out
i lost 3/4 of the product
so about $40 worth of oil down the drain
unfortunately it broke me out
over all if it didn't break me out i would've stayed with it
ive been trying to stray away from using face products with heavy chemical contents in it
this is the second oil i've tried
first one was fresh
it broke me out
i eventually returned this because my dry skin wasn't improving at all
took a chance on this one
when i do get it in my eyes, it has burned.
all this does is disappear once i get in onto my face
it turns sticky after putting on my face.
immediately after i stopped using it
the issues went away
and the scent really got to me after a while.
the product just sat there
went through the entire bottle
my dry patches never went away
it was below average for me.
i immediately washed it off.
i put it aside
it was so sticky on my skin that i had to take it back
it went on smoothly
it caused a huge breakout area on my chin after using it for a few nights straight
it stopped there for me
had left my normal moisturiser at home
i ended up returning it.
i wake up with a film of oil in my t-zone
it went away quickly
when i first put this on it felt find
i went through half the bottle before giving up.
now it just sits in my shower untouched :
thought i'd switch it up a bit
for some reason i'm starting to break out again
will just set it aside
i am getting new break outs just about everyday
it made me break out
my face did not break out using it which was a plus
i stopped using it
the first time i used this it left a strange film on my skin i had to re-wash my face
after only a few minutes my fore head started peeling
this seemed to work ok to take my makeup off with two pumps
i put it on my face
it wasn't soaking into my skin so i wiped it off.
by the third day my skin broke out everywhere.
i just opened it today to put it on my face feels soft
i don't look orange after putting it on
even after i wiped my h
i tried it for the second time and same thing.
the first time i used this i was shocked by the color
it made my face
goes away once massaged in
its still a lot left
each time i end up incredibly unimpressed
this youth activating oil is just something to watch out for
it seemed to sit on my skin
even after it is absorbed
did not absorbe in to my skin but sat on top.
i broke out after using this.
the first time i dispensed it onto my fingers
i hoped that its shocking color wouldn't transfer directly onto my face
this one fell short
i took a break from using this particular eye cream
when i tried it again
i started using the rest of this on my h
i should've just returned it
interfering with make up
i usually don't break out in the area immediately around my eyes
felt like it just sat on top of my skin all night
it will be returned
i returned this eye cream.
i like to keep it as a st
i ended up having to wash it off of my face
had high hopes for this
if you're ever sorted a bucket of coins in your lifetime
every turn of your head, i smell quarters...
only when i got home
i washed it off as soon as i realized
eventually i just stopped before it was even gone
i couldn't put my finger on it
sat down at my pc
so...i rushed to the sink and washed it off.
i still wound up needing to wipe off my face regularly
or i looked like i'd been rolling in mud
now i'm freaking out that i'm going to wake up with an orange face
hopefully i got it all off.
i just put this on my face
when i woke up my face was bright orange
walked pass the bathroom mirror
nearly had a heart attack
after putting it on i felt it sitting on my face
was sitting next to me
even he could smell it when he went to kiss me
actually had to take it off
it broke me out big time.
i ended up with dry patches
i broke out on my chin immediately after i put this one
i broke out after one day of wearing it
've been nervous to put it on again
i got this product right before vacation.
my sensitive skin started breaking out like crazy
got this from influenster for free
then my oils would start to break through
everything would start to move around
i break out like crazy about 1-2 days after using it
this is going back.
totally broke me out.
it made me break out terribly
after applying the product i felt like my make-up would just be sliding off of my face by mid morning
actually got the last one at my sephora store
i've finally finished the jar
within seconds my eyes began to water
i assumed i applied the cream too close to my eyes
it takes me several minutes of pumping to get enough product out to use
it neither lifted or firmed up anything.
this product just broke me out
though i took two breaks
decided to give it a few days to see how my skin reacted to it
had to stop as i had to keep powdering
once i stopped using the product
my skin went back to normal
before i got 1/3 of the way through the bottle i realized that the white bumps i was getting were coming from this serum
so now i use it on my chest
my skin quickly returned to exactly the way it was before
so there is always some product left that gets thrown away
there's no second time for this bottle.
it almost absorbed too quickly for me
i took the 10-day challenge.
it made my face
broken out i had to stop
had high hopes for this
it sank right in
whereas before my skin used to feel so calmed
i now have an entire container to go through
when it came back it had a different label etc
then my face started breaking out
i never break out
the second i put it on, it burned my skin.
i immediately washed it off
every time i put it on my face it would burn
when i put this on
it definitely broke me out
i washed it off almost immediately.
kept it there overnight
i woke up to the worse breakout on my chin i've had in years
then i looked at the fine print
this severely burned when i applied for the first time
dry skin with several new break outs
it was so bad that i had to get out of bed
this burned the second i put it on my face
i immediately threw it away since it was the only new thing to my routine
then today i woke up with probably 7 red bumps
sadly this product ended up really upsetting my skin
i tried to ignore the heavy feeling
was concerned about breaking out
ended up rinsing off the mask about 20 minutes after putting it on
made me broke out so bad
it really ruined the experience of even putting it on my face
until i broke out on both my cheeks
which had never happened for me
it started to make me break out
i ended up returning it!
had to stop using it.
it broke me out
t had to go back =/
my chin started to break out!
until then i'm going to pass on it
this oil sat on top of my skin
it became expired so fast
used it on my face
too sticky, i returned it.
was so happy when it was gone
got the product it looked half empty
it used to be whipped
i've noticed some dry spots since i started using this bottle
i noticed about half way through that the product was separating
it took me a couple of weeks to realize it was causing all of my new problems
couldn't figure out that it was the moisturizer until i stopped using it
wasn't even putting it on near my eyes.
if i put a phone up to my ear
caused my foundation to separate on my face
my makeup ended up separating on my face
i broke out so bad
i got this in a set
it took about 2 hours to completely absorb into my skin
it is breaking me out
it breaks me out badly
noticed i was breaking out a lot after i started using it
the acne went away as soon as i stopped.
every time i restarted i would immediately get a pimple here or there
i feel ripped off especially given the price.
its disappointing since i love their bienfait oil
not my entire face
end up putting my regular face cream over top
threw it out immediately.
it broke me out horribly
it made my skin absolutely beautiful i then purchased a bottle of it two weeks later my skin was ravaged a major break out
it dried my skin out pretty bad it's took me almost 2 weeks to get my skin back to normal
this product would have been promptly returned
unfortunately it broke me out
my skin was not dry when i woke up
today i picked it up to use it
when i went to unscrew one side it broke right off
the under-eye cream just snapped at the top where it screws into the middle holder
this time both sides snapped
i picked up the tube
one side had cracked near the top
where it screws into the middle holder
the other side had split as well
until the top of that tube which is half of the packaging- two tubes threaded together- snapped clean off
am going back to it
i immediately switched back to josie maran's argan oil light
my skin calmed down right away
it made my fave extremely oily during the day to the point where my makeup was settling into the lines around my mouth
immediately after my first use i started getting some break outs
eventually i took it off
put a few drops in my h
it came with the cap on loose so almost 1/3 of the bottle was wasted
another product i stopped using to go back to my usual routine
i got this in my playbox
finally got around to trying it out
turned into full blown burning
i immediately washed it off
i gave this two tries
i did try the product again after my skin cleared
it started off great.
i suddenly had lines around my eyes that were not there prior to use
i got this in the sephora play!
it broke me out
the smell on its own was bad enough to make me not pick it back up
so when this came in my may box
each time i washed off the mask
i got this in my sephora play box.
i got this in my play box
i got this mask in my play box
got this in my may play box.
tried it out right away.
i don't break out
this gave me two huge
with that in mind
all i wanted was to "resurface" my skin
pulled the trigger on this mask
work to turn into luxurious slatherings for people
tried it out today
yea right before i washed it off.
left it on for 30 minutes to give it a good chance to see results
thank god it was only a sample because i had to throw it away before finishing it
i also broke out on my forehead
knocked off a star because of this.
my skin felt so gross i had to wash it off after a while
it ended up cracking
reverted back to my regular routine
my complexion came back
was super happy with it at first about 15% of the way thru the bottle got clogged up
dump it out onto my h
it wasn't until the next day that i realized how raw my skin was
this rubbed me the wrong way
the product inside is ok
i finally got it to dispense some product after numerous tires
the pump stops working after 3 or so times of use
ncredibly disappointed in this product especially since i went into this believing i was going to be blown away
i ended up keeping it only because by the time i gave this product enough time to give it a chance
i didn't even finish this bottle
fair shots at making it work
it actually got worst after using it
only half way through the bottle i couldn't even get the product to pump out
i decided to take the plunge
the pump stomped working
half for the name
i've tried nearly all of them
there is no way to lock the pump
the pump keeps getting stuck
i tried this in my seeming never ending search for a hg cleanser
i didn't break out
the way my skin felt plumped up after using it
then i started to break out
i felt like my face began to reject it
this one is a pass
the smell took about 10-15 to go away
it gave me a headache instantly.
the skin on my neck seemed to respond to this
it was so overpowering it gave me a headache
could feel my skin reacting as i rushed to remove this product
roll the ball with gentle pressure starting from the inside to the outside of the underye
and ended up very disappointed .
i kept it in the fridge
this coming from someone with stage 4 under eye bags
did break out my chin after a week
however, i broke out like crazy from it.
once i switched to a different cleanser all of the breaking out had stopped
it became really irritated
i would stay away from this one
this product made me break out so bad
this product wears off half-way throughout the day
i decided to get this since i now use the hot pink line from murad
after i rubbed it in
it just sat on top of my skin
sat on my skin
passing on this one.
i don't get break outs
the very fist night i used this i woke with three blemishes on my left side of my face
an older blemish that was about gone on the right was raised again
this was my first time trying a face oil
my skin broke out the second day as well.
my skin is slowly recovering after i stop using this oil
it also broke me out on my checks
i broke out when i first started using it
the next morning my forehead broke out
i will stick with my tride
unfortunately, this made my face break out.
everytime after using it
made me break out out on my chin
this made me break out
i tried this out
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
it broke me out horribly especially on my cheeks.
took me a month to clear up my skin!
this serum broke my skin out so bad.
it also caused me to breakout on my checks
once i stopped using the serum all these issues went away
i broke out horribly all over my cheeks because of this serum
the break-out cleared up as soon as i stopped using this
my forehead broke out
mine broke right away
the stinging disappears after a few seconds.
though did not cause a full blown breakout
it did feel like it sat on my skin as opposed to absorbing into it
thought i was getting the pot of gold
then it just maintained after that
by the time i was ready to spread it around
the staff told me it was ok to use near the eyes
after i stopped using it
after a while it made my face red
once i stopped using this product
once i finish the jar i'll be moving on to another product
when you add foundation on top
it seems to give off a shiny cast on the my face which didn't go away even after letting the cream sink in for a couple minutes
the thought of using my fingers to grab the product
left my face greasy at the second i apply it on
it just stays on my face without being absorbed.
my face broke out completely
leaves my face feeling like i hiked across the sahara desert within 30seconds
i tried putting on more product
it was just sitting on my face
this was really a let down
i wanted my make up not to crease as much under the eyes
this sephora website it is a rip off !!
i still have almost a 1/4 of the bottle left
i think the second one i got is defective
i threw it out
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
still have some left in the pot
didn't notice any difference with the beginnings of crow's feet until after i stopped using it
after continued use, really dried out my skin.
decided to purchase the new kit that just came out that comes with the face serum
this product not only burned my eyes when i applied it
on the plus side
i ended up returning it.
this is an ok eyecream nothing that stood out to me
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
this product saved face.
i broke out under my skin
left a film on my skin
i ended up only using it on dry spots on my cheeks because i felt like i needed to wash it off when kept on too long
my skin began to break out all over my cheeks
yes i patted it in for a long time
i went into sephora trying to get on the oil b
this stuff made me break out horribly on my chin almost overnight
once my skin hits that really flaky phase i end up switching back to a lotion
so the bottle sat half full on my counter for a while
i ended up taking it off with oil absorbing sheets
even at the end of the day now my face is completely shiny
made me break out.
made me break out.
when i started using just 24-48 hrs later i got bumps on my face that turn into pimples
was a little spoiled from that
i used half a bottle of this
which totally defeated the purpose in buying this product in the first place
several things happened after using this product: a major break out
cause i saw it waiting in line
out or fall short
most of my make-up remained on my face
ended up having to scrub it off because this was all i had on h
the 5 cotton rounds before they started coming away clean
gave it some time
with a wipe down with a towel after
the second step makes sure i get the remaining dirt off my face
when i did a patch test
onward to another, i go.
left a film on my face.
looked like it was on fire
i also felt a slight sting after using it so am going to pass it on to a friend to try
then they changed the formula
i tried this in hopes of finally accomplishing that
i picked this out because it drawn me for its gentle description
it also takes a bit of effort to wipe off
when i opened this
there was a puddle of oil that had floated to the top
it sat on my face and made me look super shiny.
it just sat on top and felt heavy and sticky.
this stuff made me break out all over
i started to break out on my cheeks
when i went to buy it again
makes my face look super oily and broke me out
it took a month to get rid of that dry patch
until i somehow wiped it off
returned it right away.
it was working great until i started breaking out
i think this started breaking me out
but, it makes me break out.
stopped using it, and sure enough it went away.
this gave me acne very soon after around the eyes
he broke out too
it ended up drying me out so much around my eyes.
took it back and got something else.
i went to get a second sample to make sure this suits me before i spend the 45$
try it again later to test it again
it consistently breaks me out every time i try to incorporate it into my routine
back to where i said i was getting pimples here
my skin was breaking out like crazy
it also broke me up
opted for this one
then i switched to this when that cleared up
she said it also broke her out
unfortunately it made by entire forehead breakout
after trying it on my h
i took it home
i stopped using it
it broke out my skin horribly.
it made my skin look worse as the weeks passed by
really turned me off of this product
it made me break out a little bit on my chin
it broke it me out even worse than what my face already was
i broke out after wearing it
caused me to break out the day after i wore it
gave up to return it for benefiance
as did philosophy's hope in a jar
it went on really light
i ended up using the whole bottle
was left with skin that was worse than when i started
immediately broke out all over my cheeks
a place i never breakout
i did start getting small bumps on my cheek after a week of using this
it made my face flared up after application
i got this as a sample and was exited to try it.
what really got me was that 20 minutes after i put it on it was still greasy
my skin started getting really red
sat on my skin for several minutes leaving me feeling oily
once it finally absorbed, my face felt soft.
so glad i tried it on my hand first.
this would have broken my face out big time.
my skin reacted to this after 3 days
it also made me break out a little
then i started this product
i rarely break out
when i received them the liquid the pads are soaked in had completely leaked out so they sent me a free replacement
i stuck with them for a couple weeks in hopes it was just my skin adjusting to a new product
i even hung in for a month hoping it was a slow process
my skin got twice as bad
come to the surface finally
it took me month to see my skin actually start clearing up
tried these with the hopes of clearing my troubled skin
it did sting when i put it on
it made my face peely.
went back to my normal routine
which also goes away
sticking with it and hoping for results
i break out on my chin
absolutely lit my face on fire
this felt as if my skin was being taken off with a dull knife
it seriously felt like i had just rubbed acid on my face after each use
kept waiting to see results
my face looked essentially the same
when things kept getting worse i just assumed i was going to go through a purge period
while i finished the jar
i ended up returning the product.
my acne came back even with continued use.
after application the burning subsided quickly
sadly i returned these after 3 weeks of trying them as i saw no improvement on either front
its still sitting on my shelf
was a waste of my hard earned $100
it was partly the reason i returned it
within one day my skin broke out horribly.
this just arrived and i ran in to test it.
before going through the business with the face cloth
even after removing it with a dampened towel i could still feel it
i'll sit this one out
finally a week after i quit using it my skin is finally clearing up
just tried it today
looked forward to using it
a lot easier than this holding a hot cloth for five seconds five times then circling it off business
barely took off makeup.
i stopped using it now.
every single time i went in with a toner afterwards
i couldnt figure out why i was breaking out aftet wadhing my face with eve lom
it will be returned.
gave enough slip for a face massage
once in a while i get a blemish
also after getting microderm
used up a whole bottle
this was very disappointing when i opened it
i felt tightness a few minutes after putting it on
had to wash it away immediately
so much product comes out after closing the top !
the first time i used it i was shocked at how strong the scent is
instead it felt like it left a film on my skin
it is absolutely foul and nasty!
i'd give zero stars for this mess
although i had some left i decided to throw the rest away
makes me break out
i tried it from the travel set
the condition of my skin started going bad
after getting frustrated with my skin
my skin started to clear up
then added the serum to my routine once it came back in stock
once i stopped the serum they went away
once again this reaction has happened
when no more would come out "so called" finished.
there was lots left over in it
i only managed to get a couple of drops
verso night cream came up as the best suggestion.
i found it quite off-putting
haven't had a chance to return
i don't break out from it
the pump gives out as you near the end of the jar
i pried open the container just to see what it looked like
thinking that i could scoop out the last minor bit of the product
there was at least a good quarter of the product left
now the reaction has cleared since i stopped this serum
had to stop using it
going back to return it soon
i tried to apply a little further to my lower lash line
i even tried at cow on on a recent business trip to stockholmto to try the texture
the skin around my eyes started to sting slightly shortly after contact
it took a lot of time to get it to sink in
it burned my eyes something fierce when i accidentally got a bit in them
i always ended up using my fingers instead
it definitely settles into fine lines
then it all went wrong
luckily the bumps went away pretty quickly after i stopped using it
this one is going back.
texture started to go back to the way it was before i had started using the visionnaire
after using the entire bottle i still had dark spots
after i stopped using this product
my skin has once again cleared up
feeling ripped off for the amount of money i spent on such a useless ineffective product
when dreamtone came out i wanted to try it because i have the beginnings of sun spots on my cheeks
i waited until i used the whole bottle before i formed an opinion
it took so long to get rid of it
the reason for my 1 star is b/c of how it rolls off
10 mins later it rolls off
i used it for 2 days and i broke out everywhere.
i broke out like a 15 year old.
bottle too big to travel with.
i'd give it only 1 star
threw away my receipt
my entire forehead started breaking out
when i twisted the bottle to pump out my first application
i nearly was going to saw the top half off
dig in because it took me over an hour to rid of what seemed like a massive air bubble that was stuck inside the bottle
i almost gave up then because i was so frustrated
hurt so much from the constant pumping
i am halfway through a second bottle
i just got back from trying to return it at sephora
they took the product in the back
came back saying it was empty
caused my skin to break-out like crazy
using up the entire bottle
what it did was cause my forehead to break out like crazy
this did not take away my dark spots
i got the one in the middle
might give this another shot
it did break me out
on the 7th day i noticed i started breaking out all over my cheeks
once it was on my face i felt like i could not breathe
when i got it from murad
nstead of quitting it i apply this on my elbows
my face broke out
this made me break out
i just cut back on the amount i use
that seemed to prevent any more break outs
after i applied it
i could immediately feel my face tightening up
was disappointed and returned this product.
very drying broke out like crazy after using it
returned this product as it was to foamy to use with my clarisonic
caused me to break out
i finally perfected my skincare routine until this broke me out completely
now my face has so many break outs
thought i would give it a shot
now that it's calmed down
going swimming for 3 weeks straight dried my skin out
there over the summer hoping that my skin would liven up
within 30 minutes of washing this product off i got whiteheads all over my face
knew i had to discard of it
get the rose one instead
i've used it around my eye are when i was tired
i wasn't feeling refreshed after taking it off
sit on the skin
after washing it off my skin looks the same as it did before
was happy to get a small jar in a ptr gift set when i redeemed my vib points
after about 10 minutes it was absorbed into my skin
the second i washed it off
has a cooling sensation when you put it on
as soon as i put it on my face began to tingle
leaving it on for 10 minutes as directed did absolutely nothing for me
even when placed in the fridge
it seemed to break me out a little bit
woke up with pretty dry skin
s put it on a dry face
i couldn't return it as i had thrown the box out.
i ended up returning the product
this cleanser is the worst it didn't take off my foundation at all
it leaves behind bits of my
i will go back
i'll continue use it only on my chest
decided to use only one drop on my entire face
however i found that throughout the day the oil seemed to break my foundation down
by the end of the day i had hardly any foundation left
my setting powder seemed to have settled in my pores
eventually settled on this product
i've gone through one entire bottle of this product
wasted product=my money out the window.
not seeing even one review claiming it caused break outs
i consequently break out
the only problem is the packaging is completely falling apart
either i get air or half a bottle
it was torture trying to get the remains out of the tube
i reached for it when my skin felt a bit dryer.
another disappointing thing is the outside of the tube is peeling off sort of like chipping paint
hard to ring out the product
gets onto my face
i first tried this as a 100 point perk
i am blowing through this tube fast
woke up with dry
after using it i broke out really bad
smell before picking up a reward
i immediately get red
i wore only this on my face
broke out the next day!
i break out in a small hive or two on the daily for no apparent reason
when i first tried it
i stopped using this
my face got better
i gave it another shot
s multiple times to get the smell off
so back it went
my face was oily in the middle of the day
gave it 2 other tries
stopped when it gave me three big zits
it caused me to break out on my chin
knew it was the liquid causing it
after the first application my skin started to sting
a lot in one bottle
it broke me out!
i think it broke me out.
this broke me out like crazy.
the other areas cleared up
it broke me out
they stood in front of the br
this product broke my skin almost immediately.
i took the pump apart to see if i could scrape anymore out
i liked it at first despite the off-putting soap smell
i tried this product out
helped cleanse away make up
i put it on before my foundation
the sent was too strong.
was disappointed with this wash
really wanted to like this cleanser since i lob the ibuki line
the cream left me disappointed.
i woke up shiny
my t-zone gets oily overtime
unfortunately, it broke me out.
my skin cleared up
after a couple of days of using it i started breaking out in little pimples all over my face
as soon as i stopped using the ibuki my skin went back to normal
get ocational break outs every once in a while
yet sat on my skin
so back it went :
just sits on my face
it looks horrible under makeup — remains sticky so my foundation is just slapped on
the next day i started breaking out
when i went to return it
there was another girl next to me returning the exact same product
i steered away from the pump moisturizer that i had been using
i finally decided to take this piece out of my skin care routine
my skin started to calm down
in addition to giving me a few break outs
took a lot of massaging to get it to absorb halfway in
it feels like the foundation would slide right off
by the end of the day it had started to bother my eyes this just did not work for me
it was just ok until about the third week when i noticed my skin getting very dry with a burning tight sensation
i started breaking out
i laid off this stuff
everytime i open the container i'm struck by how silly it is
while i was not expecting a complete miracle
the only one it didn't come with was the next firming cream
only if i got it for 80.00 again the whole set
when i applied it minutes later my eyes were crying non stop
i stopped using it.
i gave it another chance
i feel like i've wasted my points.
after using an entire jar
it felt like it tightened my skin
so back to the store it went.
took back my item without hesitation
only gave this product 3stars
towards the end i was just using it to finish
so i returned it and the search continues!
it felt like it left a film on top of my skin
felt on my skin at first
it caused me to break out all over my face
ended up returning it
took the big step
it makes light bounce off the face?
the smell does go away after a short time
then burned my skin once i applied it to my face
this made my skin break out horribly.
i stopped using the product
skin started to look worst than before
i cap it up every time right after i use the product
i feel like this sat on top of my skin
i even gave this a second chance
my eye area was so dry after using
i gave it three stars because it washed my face
i rubbed the back of my h
this works okay, not earth shattering results.
but the scent throws me right off.
all i got was smooth for the immediate 5 minutes after washing my face
it broke me out unfortunately
it broke me out like crazy
when i went back with cotton ball
it just felt like it sat on the surface
took on a trip with me
it was not so bad that i returned it
i almost couldn't finish using it on my face
had to wash it off
i still broke out
my skin began to totally freak out
my skin went back to normal
after using up the breakup cool
the tsubaki one caught my attention
after each time my face has broken out like crazy
my skin consistent broke out when this cleanser was introduced
when i tried it at home to remove my make-up
then i tried it
i looked like a raccoon when i got out of the shower
i start masaging this onto my face then move to my eyes
instead it just sits on top of my skin
kept falling for the hype hoping it would work
i went to try to go to bed
this stung my face so badly that i had to wash it off within a minute
it caused me to break out
it broke me out in areas i don't normally break out in
it left a greasy film even after i washed it off in the morning
not to mention it broke me out!!
once i stopped using it the dry patches disappeared
within 20 minutes it seems to have disappeared into my skin
gave this product a try
gave it another try
as i have a bad habit of not keeping my receipts
this breaks me out
each time i used it my skin was red
then i just stopped using it
this turned out to be a very middle of the road product for me
i woke up and washed it off.
i finally had to return it.
my nose broke out with soo many white heads the next day
ill skip my nose next time around
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
not only did it dry out the skin under my eyes to the point they started to crack
they caused the biggest bags ever
thankful sephora took it back
when i first started using it
now i'm at the bottom of the jar
then my eyes got use to them afterwards
my under eye area broke out
i stopped using it and they finally went away.
gave 2 stars because i was able to return it
i used a good half of it
my entire eye area was on fire.
only tried this one because i dropped the ginzing all over the floor
in fact im nearly halfway through the container
unfortunately, i returned this cream
after trying this product again
it broke me out
after i stopped using it
i knew even before i left the store it was a mistake
so back it went!
took a while to bounce back from
when i began to hunt for a new
not happy that my skin broke out.
seemed to sink into the skin well
maybe once i'm finished with the bottle i'll notice a difference by then
i never even made it to put this on my face
it was overwhelming enough that it went right back in the box to be returned
i decided to try this out after i fell in love with the lifting
not at all over-powering
by the third try
i returned this mask.
perhaps the worst mask i've tried.
waited 30mins for it to fully dry
it peeled off in one shot which was amazing!
my face feels nearly the same afterwards
oil returns pretty quickly
looked the same after.
the peeling it off squicked me out
i went ahead and tried it.
when i started taking it off
i ended up washing the remainder of the mask off.
i only enjoyed the sentation of putting on
i ended up returning this item for a charcoal mask instead
i went back and purchased it.
i still have a good amount in the container sitting in my cabinet
about 10-15 minutes after removing the mask
i went to go peel it off
i looked like i had run through a gas chamber exercise
my nose was running
i almost blacked out from avoiding screaming too loud
pulling out dead skin
controlling oil for about 10 minutes
it took me more than 30 minutes to peel it all off
it took me forever to peel it off
would still give it a three star despite the messiness
i tried this mask before bed.
it took probably 10 or more minutes to peel the majority off
was still left with some residue
was definitely red after each use
nstead of returning it i kept it
i saw this mask
being rushed at the time to find a good mask
this product seriously breaks me out
the fact that it peeled right off
just washed it off each time.
ended up returning it.
i recently started breaking out
the satisfaction of peeling it off after 20 minutes is great
dried out after using it
i finally took it off
it came off pretty easily
tight after using this
when "skin rescue deep cleanser with red clay" came out i thought since since my skin is oily
when i tried it
then it turned into a grease ball
terrible oil all through the tzone area
i gave it a try
finish the bottle it didn't do much gave a nice clean
it was fine for the rest of my body
my skin broke out terribly in places that did not even break out before
i initially blamed it on the weather.
it did the complete opposite
i started breaking out more than i was before :
it did control my oil
had to go with a 3 star
didn't break me out
then put my contacts in
so this was a pass for me.
my skin has broken out worse than middle school
it seriously fell flat
i broke out like crazy all over my chin
this is going straight to the garbage!!!
it made me break out
over time this went down tremendously
my pump broke on the 2nd use
when i put this on
the peeling happened everytime
make sure to untwist the cap to finish all of the product up
broke me out with a whole new kind of acne.
hated it so much, it went back to sephora!
i pumped some out today
once i run out
unfortunately, this caused my face to break out.
all but 1 were positive so i gave it a shot.
5 days after i began using it i noticed my face was breaking out in tiny bumps all over
the bumps were in every spot i had put the mask.
)however it was the texture that turned me off.
since i stopped the burning sensation reduced
i originally went look for shiseido
doesn't crumble under make up
i picked this up with high hopes.
there for a few seconds with my nose over the container just drinking it in
under eyes that were so dry that the fine lines i have were so pronounced i looked like i hadn't slept in a week
i quickly threw my sample in the trash
thought i would give this a shot
i will finish this bottle
i kept wondering what the cause was until i stopped this cream
when tried on my h
made my eyes water like crazy when i put it under my eyes
about 10 minutes after patting this on around my eyes
they started to burn badly
forgetting this had been the product that burned so badly
last time i went to stock up i only found this concentrate
my undereyes were left very dry.
it doesn't slide around your face.
sits on top of the skin on my t-zone
the only way to get the stuff out of the bottle is to tap it against your h
just ended up washing my face all over again
it sat on top of my skin
didn't fade over time
had to wash it off.
took me a while to rub it in.
it picks up next to nothing
i know when i get down half way i am going to have to turn this upside down
not good, i'm sticking with the original.
i tried this product because it came in a boxed set by josie maran including the whipped argan
what disappointed me was that the dry skin still remained on my face
in hopes of getting it to penetrate
i ended up wiping it off
made my skin break out
it gets used up quickly
it never felt like it settled into my skin
ended up taking it off
this was super heavy on me
my face started stinging the moment i let it sit for a few seconds
it makes me completely break out all over my face
it was making my skin break out.
was disappointed in having spent $25 on a useless product
then it gave me a headache
yikes, used it once and returned it right away.
it was completely disgusting- never absorbed at all
taking off the mask was pleasant
it actually broke me out like crazy
the winter really brought it out
i went ahead anyway
woke up with red
it took weeks for my skin to get back to normal.
when i first used it
until i broke out immediately after using this product
unfortunately this one got sent back.
it made my face puff up.
after a few minutes it completely flakes off
however, it balls up like crazy.
for the 10 seconds you are applying it
at first i thought that it was dry skin that was coming off from a peel i did
not on my face
it just sat on top of my face
sat on top of my skin
yes, i warmed the product up in my hands.
it is going back.
i decided to write a review because i was so disappointed when after a couple minutes the cream started to ball up
unfortunately after 5 mins of having this cream on it starts to ball up
going to use it on my nose
went through an entire bottle
it broke me out every single time
decided to try it out
when i first tried this in-store
my face stung when i put my cream on afterward
i broke out more
hold it on your eye for about 20 seconds
i broke out almost immediately after using this product for the first time
not just the rose water
when i went to use the product
my face is fine
its okay to use since now instead of using two make up wipes i'll only use one
it looked like it was taken off.
when i got home
did my three step
even if the pump is in the locked position
however this product missed the mark for me.
not to mentioned that the pump squirted all over my shirt twice
caused me to break out pretty badly
this cleanser broke me out terribly.
i kept hoping it was skin purging
ruined a pair of contacts this way.
get into my eyes
take away those extra steps
the stick inside the tube totally just broke on its own so now its totally unusable
this was recommended to keep foundation from sinking into those lines
i tried this product because i saw jaclyn hill mention in a few of her videos saying that it helps with lines in the skin to help makeup from creasing
smash box too faced benefit
i'll admit i caved into buying this product after jaclyn hill declared it to be one of her favorites
i still managed to see fine lines on my face
didn't stop the oil from coming through
i returned it right away.
when i got it home in a better lighting
- it ran out so quickly
ran out to try it
though this did smooth out my t-zone initially
i saw this product was coming out
i actually stayed up
the second i saw the product i was disappointed
then divide that in half
when i got it home
i wore it on only one eye one day
the product pulled my skin to get it to go on
when i went in to the store
it broke down fairly quickly
the second i walked outside every pore
i won't buy this product again because it took 3 mins
the product us slow coming out of the little tube
the foundation stayed on the brush
all the foundation comes right off
would clean up their act
maybe was too long in a hot truck with delivery who knows
seriously broke me out!!
my face has broken out like crazy from this
in areas that i never break out!
jury's still out on this one girls.
i tried my foundation without the visionnaire
this was a miss for me.
it gave my face a good canvas to work on.
then my face looked dry
1-minute blur is not the answer
the pump on this broke not even halfway through using it
this was my first pump that broke
i will be going back to the face cream version when this bottle is gone
i rarely break out
i broke out all over with huge whiteheads
as soon as i eliminated this product from my routine they went away
it also stung when i put it on my face.
i tried wearing it with my spf on top
the product starts to fell
i got about 4 uses out of it.
went on smoothly without sitting on my skin for too long
made my t-zone red
i returned that one :-
sink every time i used it
gave me high expectations
no results it just sits in my drawer
all it did was leave me red
i felt that this was a fine mask
i even tried using the product just on my chin
i'd rather drop $140 on the sisley black rose because it does work
this product is just money down the drain.
none of my lines disappeared
first aid used to have an eye roller ball that was fantastic
burned my eyes just like the rest of them
can't get the product out of the bottle
have to shake out the concentrate
there is about 1/4" of product left on the bottom
the bottle is only half empty so a little goes a long way
i've had better luck with caudelie
i've used close to half the bottle
i didn't even bother to give it away- i sent it straight to the garbage bin
the only eye cream that i toss to trash after a couple of uses so far
it kept disappointing with each attempt of use.
picked out this one
although the product did help brghten the bags under my eyes
when i use it at home it wants to roll up
it is too oil and my eyes hurt after few hours
completely filled up the tube's cap
after being color matched
it broke on both ends the first time i used it
threw it in my travel bag
i fly all the time
even after i applied my foundation
unfortunately, i returned this.
i got through only half the container before it won't stick to my skin
i sadly had to throw it away.
when i opened it it looked like the product peeled away from the container
i put it on my face
instead of staying on my face it sticks to my fingers when applying it
instead of transforming back into bruce banner after washing it off
i ended up returning it.
my pot was not close to all the way full.
however that night when i came back i had a little breakout on my cheek
this one is def going back!
without hesitation i went for it!
honestly i'm grabbing for my other masks because of it
i'll give it another whirl
so, back it went.
will definitely finish the bottle
i took it back.
i also broke out :
on the good side
have had to pry off the top of the container to spoon out the product
it is still sitting in my cabinet unused
it didn't breakdown the make up.
almost each one of them were glowing
turned my face red
decided to put some of the gel on my wrist to see what it would do
i try the fresh rose mask
so expensive that decided to give it a shot to this gel mask
put it on the fridge
all im going eyes closed with fresh rose mask
i used twice and got the same bad result.
i could barely wait the full 10 minutes before getting this off of my face
i am still breaking out as a result of this mask
i exchanged it for perricone's mask.
while it was on started to feel itching
fought this cream in a trio with two other products
when i woke up skin felt dry
it looks like i have barely touched it
narrowed it down to this product as being the culprit
i realized one night that my face slightly stung when i applied it
my skin is all red after putting it on for 2 mins
i started crying when i saw my face in the mirror the next morning
for someone who has never had issues with break outs
decided to give this a whirl
my skin has started peeling off in the t-zone
because that's how long it took for me to start seeing peeling
first on one side then on the next.
in the past another ptr product gave me issues.
instead it only dried out my face more
whatever the day has thrown at me
if you accidentally get it in eyes is vicious
by the end of it
i ended up using this as $38 body wash.
this missed the mark.
my skin is already clearing up
this was the first product i've bought that i ended up returning
almost gritty for the rest of the day
yet another ptr return.
when it came time to use the product
i noticed it ran out of the top very fast
takes all the yuckies off my face
once i noticed those i had the same thing on the corners of my mouth
it broke me out so bad
the first several days were good then my skin completely dried out
i took it back and purchased fresh soy.
this made me break out bad
i read about rose stem being fantastic for the skin
this product also caused me to break out
i took the product back to sephora
everything i have tried from ptr breaks me out
well in most of his line.
this one gave me a headache every time i tried to use it
where i place the makeup to put on my face turned red
nothing gave me relief.
anywhere it touched my face
i tried to mix it up
the last thing is the cap somehow breaks down over time
in the end it it fell completely short
i followed the directions included
when i applied it on my face
i tried it once
ended up returning it
i quit using it and my skin went back to normal.
this was in the "waiting in line section"
took it back because i've used better sheer foundations
i find this silky serum sliding off after a few hours
i've tried a few different primer
i looked made up even when i used a light touch
it was foundation after all.
it went on smooth
unfortunately this product made me break out almost immediately
it went on sheer
loved it at first until it broke me out!
using this made me break out horribly
then i broke out in red patches
put it on my face
the product first tingled then burned the heck out of my face
it is the opposite
felt like it was on fire
i washed it off twice and still burned.
the cooling affect until like ten minutes later it looked like i had an acid peel gone wrong
when i put it on my neck it got red
which explains the burning sensation when you put it on
turned my face completely red after 10 minutes -- i look like i have massive sun burn in the areas where i applied it
i washed my face twice to get it off
then we scroll down the list
when i saw this i had to get it
ended up returning it
fell on the floor
my face broke out
became even more dry
then i started to break out
i kinda suspect it broke me out however.
the sample felt so nice when i smoothed it over my face before bedtime
i put a small drop on each ring finger
put some on my neck
i used up an entire an jar of this before writing my review
this broke me out so bad.
i never had an issue with dry under eyes
it did the complete opposite
i picked this one up in store.
once i got home
put it on i ended up with a massive headache from the overly strong scent
i just saw some pictures taken of me
after the trip this product melted crazy
just in a normal bag)very disappointed.
since i'm in my 30's i decided now's the time to start using eye cream
the next morning my eyes literally looked like i had shoved my face in salt
scent almost knocked me over.
well- this slid around a little
i took it back almost immediately.
put it too close to my lash line
i used it more out of habit since i never got to returning it back to sephora
i used up an entire bottle.
until the bottle was empty
over much of my face
figured i'd give this a shot despite the ridiculous cost
unfortunately i believe it caused break outs all over my face after only 4 days of use
after removing this one there was absolutely nothing on the strip from my skin
half of the strip stayed on my face after i tried peeling it off
the soothing strip was nice after i took the pore strip off
after taking the strip off i saw no blackheads removed on the strip
barely got anything off which was really disappointing
yet little more than forty five seconds passed before the wet strip fell off my nose--my dog snatched it up
pulled the skin right off my nose
was hoping this would degunk my nose after being away in the sun
this one is a miss
it took some out.
this feeling faded after a day
really had some grip when i pulled it off
it ripped off skin on the side of my nose
is hard to get off
also, it hurt to peel off!
this was the worst
i only got one.
the second part was empty
the dry strip worked great.
i still gave it a try
i only bought a single strip just to try it out first
the strip took skin off my nose.
the dry strip did not pull out one black head
the strip actually started disintegrating after it was completely dry
after massaging in the remainder
finally i had to run the dry patch under water
got it to stick to my nose
stayed wet the whole time
did not pull anything out after 10 mins
at first i thought i was using it wrong
then went back to normal
never seemed to pull much out
even after i put it on.
it hurt less taking it off
instantly realized it was awful
my fine lines were nowhere to be found!
where it wasn't on my face
two stars down for the absolute uselessness of the day cream
rritated that everything else i put on burned
the am stung my eyes a few secs after applying
aside from the stinging
it burned my eyes for about 15 minutes
then when i showered
the eye burning happened again once the water hit my face
i finished the whole jar
my face is still trying to recover from this mask
this was in the glamglow minis kit that they put out a while ago
definitely check out the smell in store before picking this up
putting my skin through this scrutiny was a mistake
went to wash it off
i left this on until completely dry
will be returning and sticking with my supermud.
after i found my face was really dry
that it took my
this product broke me out in places i've never broken out before
none of them wowed me for the $80 price tag
it also stung my face when i applied it .
it did make my face tight
it just dried up on my face
the breaking out isn't even the worst part
i kept it on for 10 mins
proceeded to wash it off
when it was all gone
which for me went away
still give this a thumbs up
this mask made me break out!!
did not break out at all
when i applied the glamglow
sadly this made my skin feel like it was burning for the first 2 minutes
the burning sensation was more than i could bear even for just 2 minutes
sadly it went back.
the moment i put the product on my skin it started instantly burning
was surprised at first
i tried to just deal with it
glad i went for the smaller jar or i would have returned it
it was nice until it broke me out.
had to immediately wash off
while it didn't make me break out
i didn't notice that my dark spots improved which was the reason i grabbed this product
the instructions say to lightly tap the bottom of the bottle if the product gets stuck
the top of the dispenser would keep popping off
getting stuck in the down position
the directions say to bang on the counter when the product won't come out
i broke out in small
after a couple weeks i started breaking out on my chin
it burned so bad
my fine lines disappeared right away.
i washed the product off immediately
the break out took a few weeks to totally go away
the negative: after using the entire bottle
even then i wasn't blown away by the results by any means
i started using it before they did the relaunch
when i reordered i was disgusted to find they took away half of the product
it looks all crumbled
took a long time to dry
to the point where my little fine lines stick together
i tossed mine out
though the de-puffing was good
besides the first night's sticking debacle
sometime even hurt my eyes
my fine lines under my eyes would be stuck together all night
this was a no for me and i ended up returning it.
my eyes kept sticking to my pillowcase despite my applying it a good half hour before i went to bed
i saw no lifting or firming in my eye area while using this
the area around my eyes only started to brighten when i used this product in combo with something else
the skin around my eyes stung when i was putting it on
it helped a little bit to get rid of my fine lines
i am throwing this straight in the trash.
i returned it after a week because i felt that it was a glob under my eyes
i swear i wake up with bigger bags under my eyes
my fault i just brought it without really looking into it
over the last two moths i felt it settled into my fine lines
it just left a film on my under eye area that didn't absorb well
when i would wake up, it was still sticky.
use whatever i pick up for both my eyes
didn't realize it until i came home
it seems like i wake up with worse bags now
felt i needed to say that i have bought many jars over the years of the lift eye gel
within seconds of applying i could see my face beginning to turn bright red
immediately washed it off
also my skin was over dried out.
my skin was stripped after usage
my skin was pulling
slide all over the place with this cream
i just finished my first jar of it
after i put it on
it took around 30 minutes for me for it to fully absorbed into my skin
i wish i had rubbed this between my fingers before applying
after i put this on my face
it was so thick i went pack to the packaging to make sure it wasn't foot cream
it turns my face into a grease ball with ten minutes
after i put some on i checked the packaging again in case it was actually a foot cream
if it dissipated right away that would be okay
after two uses my face was itching
this cream made me broke out after trying out for a few weeks
it went on very well
even though i didn't apply it right near my eye some of it crept in
my chin has exploded with zits since i started using this
however it made my skin break out after the first application
used it long enough to finish the bottle
used the whole bottle over the course of 1
on the plus side
as instructed on the bottle
however it started making me break out
i stopped using it
cons: ran out super quick
which is when the bottle ran out
i stopped using it
sadly, i finally returned it.
i ran out today
i went through a full bottle of each
i then saw this
it dried me out
one or two pumps all over my face
after a few days it broke me out on my nose
try it once first
i cashed in 500 points for this
trying to fix the damage this kit has caused
i tried it for my whole face
worth keeping up with my beauty routine
had to immediately wash off could not take it.
it looked like i skipped my eye cream regimen altogether
the primer crumbles when i put it close to my eyes where this product was
it reacted the same with both
which really did take years off by getting rid of my eye wrinkles
makes my eyes water-- which is troublesome in the morning when i'm trying to put on make up
i decided to give it shot
as i tossed it in the garbage so went my money with it
this always seemed to irritate my eyes after it had been on for a while
it feels like my face skin is pulled up
the jury is still out on whether it has really helped the sag at the sides of my mouth
when i cut the tube open
still on the fence on this one.
it gave me a headache
the product made my face sting a little in less then a minute
pass on this and save your money.
this full on burned my skin
when i first put it on
when i was washing it off
i kept them in a ziploc bag in the dark.
t helped when i shook the tube or else i'd get more of the oily residue than the product itself when i squeezed the product
i did a patch test on my arm
i decided to return it
later made me break out
i felt like after 10 minutes my skin looked the same as before
i did get a small breakout after use
i looked forward to trying this product
i even had to wash my towels right away as they held onto the stink
it burned really badly
i immediately washed it off
only left it on for about 30 seconds so perhaps it would have been worse if i left it on for the full minute
i followed all the directions
i ended up returning this as i found the smell too overpowering
then my face was left dry
my face turned red
the more i used it the more i broke out with huge red bumps
i've never broken out this much even in high school
that turned out to be false
i just wasted my money by getting attracted by the pitch of sales person
my skin break out after i used it.
had high hopes for it
unfortunately those were dashed.
the bottle is nearly empty now
her face reacted to it by getting red
threw it in the garbage
after a short time my face started burning
i felt better right away
my acnes broke out
i didn't realize it was the reason after i applied half of the bottle
i wanted to return the bottle
then after a week it made me break out
it didn't calm down my skin at all.
i stopped using it
the bumps have since cleared up
i feel a bit relief when i applied this on my face
on top of it my face broke out from it
he gave it a try
at least his face did not break out from it .
i found using this my skin has broken out completely
i ended up using wipes to finish the job.
it made my skin break out
i got this in the cleansing set
i threw out the rest of the tube
then the add water
it first comes onto your h
then as you put it onto your face it turns into an oil
i found traces of it under my eyes in the morning when i used this product
i end up with a lot of foundation
i got this in the sephora great cleanse set.
it left a film as well
played around with it
it still left a film after scaling back
i tried this out
discovered i was actually breaking out on my face
after i used it i ran toner over my face
all make up was on pad
there is always a little dirt that is pulled off even if i cleaned religiously the night before
i tried it as soon as my package arrived
second time that i cleaned my face not all makeup came off
almost immediately after i used it my eyes got irritated
my face felt like it was on fire
it also left a film
it completely dried out my face
leave the dirt there?
this is a total miss for algenist.
it balls up and won't spread.
what looks to be the first sign of crow's feet
unlike when i first started with the complete eye renewal balm
would not put makeup on afterwards because it would slide around
didn't break me out
it burns went i put it on
went back to using the regular algenist renewal eye balm
this was over the top
my foundation was sliding around
it also didn't break me out
s get oily after using it the jar becomes hard to hold onto to get the lid back on
this sadly led to me dropping the jar in the sink
went through the whole jar before deciding to review this
can easily be wiped away with the remaining rubbed into your skin
when i pick up the heavy glass jar to put it back
i managed to save it
even though i lost a bunch of product i still ended up finishing the jar
i followed the directions all the way through
it gets 2 stars instead of 1
although at firt is seemed like my makeup was melting away when i went over my face with a cleansing pad to test it i still had a lot of makeup on
then i broke out immediately.
it went on fine
hard pass for me!
unfortunately, this was a total miss.
got this in a gift set
i ended up using nearly hot water to make my face feel closer to normal
following up with my tried
i ended up rewashing my face.
i began breaking for the first time.
i wiped my face with a white towel
i ordered this as part of the lift
and then i broke out more.
i finally just had to give up after my breakouts got to the point where i am embarrassed to be seen without makeup until my skin heals
my skin is finally starting to heal
made my skin break out
when i dried my face on my nice
i got make-up all over my towel
i broke out badly a few days after adding it to my regimen
would be an idea product for my face if it came in a tube or bottle with pump
my face was straight up greasy
it almost left a film that i couldn't wash off.
and after two-day trial, it broke me out
noticed i was breaking out
but it caused my skin to break out
instantly returned when i looked at the ingredients
what lowered my opinion today was it didn't completely remove the foundations
it made me break out like crazy even though i washed my face immediately after using it each time
i would stay away
it stayed on the surface
so that it rubbed off when i ran my finger over it
you go out into the sun
after using the whole jar
then i started noticing drying under my eyes
i used this serum when it first came out
decided to go back to this
swore all i'd need all year
the little bit she said use didn't cover face let along neck
a little went a long way
this product was returned
one out of a week's worth of trying it
end up throw it away because those really bad invisible bumps it gave me
it broke me out the next morning with little bumps everywhere
then put it all over my face
everyone is getting into the overnight mask game
i put this on after washing my face
i could feel my face getting tight after a few minutes
i used the whole bottle and saw no results.
i will finish the bottle since i really like estée lauder
yet every single moisturizer i have tried to use over top of it has caused it to ball up
made me break out horribly!
my skin has broken out every day so far
i ended up returning it.
2 with make up 1 with out
finally i just used my hands !
it calmed my redness that was left after removing my make up
to the point where i go wash my face again with another product
i put it on my face
i went with it
a half i broke out horribly
i also broke out though not sure if it was the cleanser's fault
i couldn't get past the smell so i sent it back.
have gone back to my old st
literally had to pump the top 50 times before any product began to flow
had to send it back.
until the bottle was gone
after finishing this i went back to my korres brightening skin mask
i wiped them both off
made me break out.
went though bottle fast
it ran out really quickly as well.
why is it in a clear bottle?
received a half-empty bottle
i gave it one more shot to be sure
caused my skin to dry out and break out.
instantly fell in love
to add to the disappointment i have completely broken out
i look like i'm in my mid 20's
it really is an "instant" firming shot.
only less than 1/4 bottle left
i put it on under my make up
by the time i finished foundation
then it began pilling on my skin if i even slightly touched my face
when i removed it later
i tried it at home
this is going back
it runs out so quickly
it makes everything after it balled up
it balled up badly
i started to break out pretty bad
after cutting it out
my skin immediately went back to normal
the second bottle was a disaster
then when i applied on my face
i felt stinging all over
i noticed this went right in
decided to also try ren instant firming beauty shot at the same time
it just sat there leaving my face so greasy.
i started breaking out
it feels silky going on my face but broke me out.
guess i'll use it on my feet
plan on returning it
all it did was break me out
once i stopped using it
i decided to stop using this since it was the only thing i had changed in my skincare routine
it started to give me breakouts.
i placed the saturated cotton ball on my eye lid left it for a few seconds before i began to wipe off the mascara
then i went on a road trip
i made sure the bottle was closed tightly
that it was upright
secure in the bag
it really breaks down the oil on my skin.
bought a second bottle right away
at first,it was ok.
also left a film behind
i love fresh i have been using their rose
i broke out heavily after using this
i threw out the packaging like
it broke me out the next day after use so badly that my entire face was covered in zits
on the plus side
i felt it took the same amount of product
take off make up really well
my skin completely broke out
never putting this on my face again!
however it also made me break out on my chin
i never break out
ended up breaking out
waited for my skin to clear before i tried again.
broke out by the week's end
3 stars because it took so long
it make my skin break out
let's start off with i love the fresh black tea line
eventually balls off my face
it took me 5 solid minutes to clean it off my face
i started breaking out 3 days
had to stop using it
it was hard to wash off
the first night i used this mask it dried me out.
you cannot just jump right into bed
this stuff broke me out in one night!
so hopefully that will stop the break outs
both nights i wore this my face broke out
this product had a hard time initially sinking into my skin
i kept breaking out
it was very uncomfortable--i tried to sleep on my back so that i didn't get it all over my sheets
it broke me out
didn't finish using it
the left side of my body got really numb for about two hours
got bad bumps all over his face the next morning
i followed the directions exactly
i wish i had returned this when i had a chance
it was fine for my face
i also used it on my neck
my chest just exploded in a terrible breakout
expression lines after i put it on
then made the big dive
i gave it two stars because it seemed to stretch the 11s a little
was hoping this was finally it
will finish the bottle
give it a full go around
not good since i have to wipe
tried it again 3 months after getting botox when the effects started fading
on the plus side
there is a piece inside the bottle that pushes the product out
she's already gone through two bottles
it made me break out
i rarely return anything, but this went back.
then it was gone
i sent it back which is really rare for me.
went through the entire bottle
they reimbursed me when i returned it half used
i did a review on this product when it first came out
t got shoved in the back of my product drawer
does give my eye area a little lift temporarily
as there is a white piece inside taking up the other 1/2
i feel so ripped off - $89.00 - what a waste!!
once again...no miracle in a bottle!
because the false promise made me angry
i see why they jumped in
until i washed my face
this face wash broke me out horribly
my face broke out everywhere after using this
well, this did the complete opposite.
then went straight back to acne
s under the running water while rubbing them together
then half of the product got washed down the drain
the pump has stopped working
after using this product it made me breakout on my cheeks
completely ruined my skin.
the pump stopped working after the first try
thinking it was just a faulty pump
after a few uses of the product the pump will get stuck after pushing it down so that in order to pump product out you have to physically pull the pump back up then push down
that is a turn off
as far as clearing
i got this a while back
decided to try it without reading up on it
the pump broke immediately
the pump on this thing breaks every time
it would remove all my left over face make up while cleansing
immediately retuned after the first use
i followed the directions to a t to try
broke out horribly this cleared my acne in two days
this is going back.
when i kept breaking out
i stopped using it
my skin began to clear up
i used up the entire bottle.
you have to pull up the pump each time to get the product out
after about the 2nd 3rd time my skin broke out very bad on the bottom half with very small pimples all over my chin
im giving this product only one star because the pump on the bottle is faulty i could not get the product out of the bottle
broke out all over my forehead
i gave it a couple of tries
felt that it helped keep my skin in check
the pump was so bad
had to pull it up
push it down to get any product
was so fed up that i tossed it
i stuck by this product for 3 weeks through constant breakouts every single day thinking i was 'purging'
but but but the patchuli is putting me off.
i brace my self before i use it because it makes my face look amazing
gave me an instant headache.
better luck next time.
forcing myself through the rest of the bottle with each frustrating pump
no matter how many times i splashed my skin with this it just sat there on my face
this one had to go back
it starts to run off
then i looked in the mirror
finally got around to trying her product line
decided to give it another go recently
after putting this on it's still dry
after that it seemed to fall out
i slowly started to break out
i've had bad luck with philosophy before
it makes me break out
i quickly switched back to hope in a jar
this instantly broke me out terribly
i just finished the small jar today
also my skin has broke out alot since i started using this
thought i'd keep it from going to waste by using it on my neck
then it made my neck break out for the first time ever
i am still trying to clear up the damage it has left behind
makes you break out after use
not touching this brand again
just about to the bottom of my jar.
i started breaking out when i started using it
my skin looked so gross after work
plus it made me break out.
breaks me out once in a while
after awhile it started peeling off my face
i picked this stuff up when my old fav ran out
for an entire month i felt so ugly
i threw what i had left in the trash
picked up a different face cream
literally over night my skin looked happy again
i gave it a shot
i looked tired and older while using this.
stopped and my bags went away.
get my points back
could put this near my eyes
i then woke up
broke me out so bad!
am hoping my skin clears up fast
my eye makeup barely came off
this product is basically straight oil.
there was still some left
i tried it once
had wash my face a second time with a different
i only got the small $12 bottle
tried it again a second time
the same thing happened, so i returned it.
put it back in the packaging to take it back
when i stopped using it my skin became clear again
there was so much make up left after two washes with this
to my surprise i woke up with 5 new zits :
it broke me out
if anything my skin has been breaking out
i also feel like it broke me out
if it keeps breaking me out i will return this
i stopped using it
after just one night almost all of the bumps have hit the road
then i put this on to seal it all in
just one drop per section of my face
i didn't feel it was sinking into my skin
i really wasn't so won over by this oil
i gave it a try
i felt like it sat on the top of my skin only
i very sadly relented & returned this.
it always made me break out
i tried to stick it out
i also felt like it sat on top of my skin.
had to take it off immediately
it caused me so much break out.
my chin broke out worse than it ever has before
as soon as i quit using the product it stopped
i unfortunately returned this.
i originally got this in the little two pack with the marula oil
i wasted the first part of the bottle by not being consistent
broke me out bad.
back to the store it goes.
completely ruined my skin.
i used almost the whole bottle
then in the 3rd week i started getting dry patches on my chin
i stopped to see if this is making me breakout
maybe i just rubbed all the stickyness off on my pillow
and yes i shaked the bottle before applying it.
i stop using it
my skin is quickly clearing up again
it cleared up right away
left my skin completely stripped
this just didn't cut it
although it left my face too tight and dry after.
they went away when i stopped using this.
i used the rest on my body to use it up.
not worth the break outs
they both got returned
as it dried my skin out when i used it twice a week
when i first started using it
i quit using both the clarisonic
the bar to help calm my skin down
i ended up getting a tiny cut from it that i didn't notice until i put on toner
the other completely dried me out
it went nuts and was a tight mess.
this broke me out horribly.
this bad soap broke me out so badly that it took over a month to recover
i started to break out
then i tried it on the rest of my body
like the bottom of my feet
my skin broke out
i woke up today to find three blemishes under my eye area
the oil made me break out so bad the next day around the cheek area
i don't break out at all
i attempted to try it again the next day to confirm
found her fine lines reduced
i went against my instinct
the employee that had wanted me to purchase this product came up to the register to let the lady ringing me up know that she had been the one to sell me this product
maybe i'm out of the loop
if i drop on my finger tips it just runs all over the place
my skin is still recovering from it
big point to take away
my skin started breaking out--
i never broke out like this in my entire life
tossed it out straight to the trash.
i realized this was making me break out
then it broke me out after one use
the water will stay in the cap
now my face is back to normal.
it left my face with a greasy film all over it.
then i realized on the days that i wore face make up
i guess my skin just holds onto make up
felt like there was residue left over
after you get it off
it took me a few tries before i realized i was supposed to wipe off the cleanser from my face instead of washing it off
it stung the heck out of my eyes
failed to remove any eye makeup after several rounds
ends up with returning it.
it's never cold on the second eye
...at first, but seems to have stopped working.
when i realized how small the tube was
i went to buy this eye cream way too fast
exacted as directed until the product was gone
it gave me red patches around where i had the product on
the makeup assistant told me it would help keep me from looking tired
my under eyes could only look semi okay due to nars concealor covering it up
i took one star off for price
have to almost bust the cap to take it off each
just had a baby so bags are in full force.
picked this up on a whim after looking at all the before
>< i tried it for a week under my eyes before heading to work
but in the end my creases won over.
since the tip is not rounded
every time i put it on, my eyes start itching.
as soon as i left the store it started to make my eyes water
i just returned the product
finger tip worked best for me
it had to go back
just another product promising to get rid of bags under eyes
sank into my fine lines
the first time i used it i ended up with tears streaming down my face
it burned when i put it on
it felt like i'd taken a layer off
like a stretched out snare drum
unfortunately it caused me to break out
it left a gross film on my face
will stick with my tried
i gave it 1 star just so i could leave a review.
it just made everything sit on top instead of helping it sink in
this product broke me out very badly
while also breaking me out
while i was using this it really broke me out
it took me awhile to figure out that this was the cause
i ended up returning it.
this ended up breaking me out
i immediately noticed it breaking me out
over all this serum just made me break out
the second i stopped using it the break outs were gonei usually love origins products
caused me to break out
if i touched my face
i wanted to so badly like this serum that i used it for 2 weeks even though it broke me out
i am not prone to break outs so after the first use when my skin became irritated i thought that maybe this was not the product for me
my skin started to break out
it kept getting worse as the days went on.
as soon as i stopped
my skin started to clear up
i ended up returning it after giving it a fair shot for 2 weeks
ter-soft when appliedcons: broke me out
then i stopped using this
everything went back to normal
i wanted to put this on
took forever to get off
the very first time i tried this
this stuff made me break out so badly.
i wish it evened out my skin
i'll finish using what i've got
i still have almost half the jar left
big miss on this one
my face looks exactly the same after
straight after the shower
i layered in on very generously took it off
it cleared up in a day.
picked it up again
i broke out again
this mask lasted me 6+months
i've lost count of the masks i've tried
got this in the black
used it on my face
was actually fine afterwards
woke up with a million white heads.
bought this just because it looked so pretty with the gold
i found it worked best on my feet
t ended up being a good foot mask
i really looked forward to trying this mask.
it sits under my sink
on the plus side
it went back for a full refund!
i accidently got some in my eyes
when i tried it
his face broke out in red
i will finish up the bottle
it burned as soon as it touched my skin.
i got this as part of the "just mask it" 3-pack.
i washed off the mask after 10 minutes
i went to remove the mask to find that it burned my skin
my face was left hot
i noticed that it made me break out :-/
was left feeling a tad let down
when it came time to rinse it off
the worst part: i felt like i really had to scrub to get it off
tried the mask 3 times
the next day i woke up to pimple on my cheeks where i never break out
just putting it on your h
oh i have to moisture my face for at least 2 days straight to get it back from the beginning
at first it just dried out my skin
with continued use came a rawness to my face
washed my face again
a layer of my face came off
now i'm stuck with it
she gave it back-the same exact thing happened to her skin
should have known once i saw it written at the bottom of the bottle
i broke out like crazy after a week of using this
but not blowing my mind.
on the plus side
had to toss the rest of mine after about a week
the moment i took this out my skincare routine my skin went back to normal
i put it on my face
eventually over did it
it broke me out in couple of spot
i waited until the entire bottle was gone to write a review just in case i was wrong about this
when i first tried it i thought it was a miracle product because some of my tough breakouts disappeared within a week
at first i wanted to chalk it up to other things
because i really fell in love with this product with first use
to top it off i broke out like i was back in high school which was very embarrassing
it really dried my skin out over the next few
broke out all over my chin and neck.
that claimed this product would really help my crows feet
she really pushed the product
all it did was sting
had high hopes for it
as soon as i ran out
the little jar is almost gone
i put it on under my under eye cover up
so far all of them have failed to get ride of the darkness under my eyes
so i returned it.
has messy little beads that must be smashed before they go under your eye
no money lost - just time.
this product is stinging when i put it on
had big hopes for this
good luck roll tide
i returned it because it did nothing for my eye circls
the stinging went away after a few seconds
very disappointing and sent back for full refund.
i am yet to figure out how to get the little silver balls to disintegrate upon application
sometimes i notice that one is still on my face after i've left the house
my face is still horribly broken out
had to stick my finger in there to get some out
then i started getting big
it was my first ever return :
it was my entire face.
i gave it another shot for day 3 because i had spent so much on it
my face is finally back to its original soft
the one i switched back to
i gave my skin a break
tried the other products from the set
came in the mail with no cap on
pump broke after one week, so sephora replaced.
not taking in a second time
just throwing it i the bin
i quit using the product immediately
my skin has been broken out
on the 3rd time it really made my skin burn
the cap keeps slipping off, so be careful!
i dropped the container once and it cracked.
so much that my face started breaking out because of the excess oil
i gave this three stars because it works
everything seemed perfectly fine until a few hours later i realized that my face was stinging
've noticed i'm breaking out on my cheeks which is strange because i have never had a "breaking in" phase for products
i went with it anyway
didn't have to open the container
kept making me break out
this has never happened to me before
however as soon as i put it on my face i wanted it off
caused me to break out in places i've never broken out
it felt like i had a lot of oil sitting on my face
i started breaking out
i did not connect them to the cleanser until i ran out
it broke me out
i didn't break out after the first use
the second time i used it i started to get the worst irritation around my nose
it hasn't gone away
used it right away
as i started to wash the product off my face
i then came across this product today
how this averaged 4 stars is beyond me.
when i put it around the eye area
even then it sits there a while
it does ball up
didn't see the point on keeping
wanted to switch it up
decided i wanted to try a new day eye cream
immediately took it back
water at night when i lay down after i have applied it
i managed to use it twice
until i just threw it away
it felt nice when i put it under my eyes momentarily
decided to try this one out
i returned it and went back to the other one.
let me start off by saying i'm a huge fan of fresh-- i use the lotus youth preserve face cream
bought it without a second thought
it's only around when product is first pumped out
it made my skin broke out terribly
made me break out like a lot
the first time i tried it
put it on my face after the nude rescue oil
the rescue oil is nice though
this really turned me off.
i just tossed it
i put this on my face
this stuff just sat on my skin
i am breaking out more since starting this
this product broke me out so badly
it just sat on top of my skin
i found just the opposite
ended up not using it all
towards the last third of the bottle the oil started to get a little milky
i expected to be blown away by this product
didn't break me out
never broke out until i used this
it got rid of all my make up
it did get all my make-up off
rub it in to get my make-up off
had to wash it off.
the right one already had a wrinkle line under it
my skin was fine after the first use.
my skin immediately cleared up
i skipped ahead to purchasing a bottle
it took me about a week to get my skin back to its normal clear
thought maybe i had incidentally tried it at the wrong time of month
it only took 2 uses before my face was again looking like a star chart
i tried this on my face in store
plus the color off-sets my face from my neck
when the guy at the store rubbed it on my h
went home washed my face
i tried putting setting powder on top
am relegating it to the drawer
i started to break out all over there shortly after i started using this
i broke out into serious blemishes
i broke out and my skin started looking dull.
well my face has been breaking out, bad.
i stopped using it
now my skin has cleared up
but the break out was a deal breaker.
bad idea right after i slept with this on my face
third, it completely dried out my skin.
it has taken me an entire year to get rid of my dry skin
sadly it is back after using this
couldn't get through 2 before i tossed the rest
the biggest turn off for me is the smell
the thing that spurred me to continue using it until i finished the sample
thankfully i used points to try this.
used it on the back of my h
i broke out entirely!
seemed to sit on my skin
i love most algenist products however this one broke me out
the moment i stopped using it
my skin cleared up
it lingered until i finally fell asleep
well i broke out right away
i've never been so broke out in my life.
in the meantime i'm hiding out until my skin clears up
took some home to try
i barely had the product on my skin
when i tried it at home
had to return because it wasn't gentle..
considering how it took a burning sensation for me to write a review
this particular cleanser literally gave me a burning sensation that lasted for quite a while
broke my skin out within an hour of using it
i gave it a fair chance
both when i had been rested
it was foaming on my fingertips before i could even put it on my face
like i had said before
instead they were antagonized and got worse.
t still gives me hope to finish off what is left in my bottle
this made my dry-combo face break out.
i ended up using it on my arms
it cleared them up really nice
my face has broken out so much
i am going back to that line
when i saw the glow revival
the consistency felt like it was watered down
this made me break out horribly
pass on this one
once i put it on my face
when i tried this mask
was greatly disappointed to open the box
not interested in going into the store to fight through the craziness
saw it was only 2/3 full
then when flipping bottle back over to set aside it seems to puff out more
i tried it with both water
however, it broke me out a lot!
went back to using that
first it came about half full??
then the opening is so wide
the bottle is really only filled about 70%
i gave it a three because of the packaging
i gave this a try because of all the glowing reviews
i experimented by stopping use until my skin cleared up
then used it again
this thing ran out in 2
ran out of product faster than i was ready to give up on seeing results
i used up the whole bottle my dark spots didn't go away
the didn't go away the only thing i noticed was my face was very soft
it gave me lots of break outs
halfway through the day most of my makeup had melted/slid off
the bumps went away
i ended up washing it off
then i returned it
this was so overwhelming that within 20 minutes i had to wash it off
in one use, i was hooked!
i ended up throwing the rest of sample away which is too bad
i wish it sank in
i would use up to 10 drops
tried using it alone for a while
had high hopes for this
not good for my skin--broke out
was excited when she finally came out with a primer
then i began to notice my skin felt very dried out
began to get flaky where i had put the primer
bring back the old stuff!!!
on the plus side
bring back the old!!!
i felt like it took forever to absorb into my skin
then suddenly the old formula is gone
i just ran out of my hope in a jar for dry skin
this is what i ended up with
always went back to hope in a jar for dry skin
replaced it with this
i grabbed this by mistake
it consistently broke my chin
i wanted to return to hope in a jar
i always felt like it just sat on the top of my skin al
i saw this one
you have to use something with an edge to scoop it out so for that reason i'm on the fence
then it was just placing solid chunks on my skin
i still half a jar left.
it separates and starts to almost crumble off.
hard to pick up on your finger
was steered towards this line by a sephora associate
it made them worse so i returned it.
went out on a whim
i just finished my first bottle.
never heard of them, but took the shot.
while the product did sink in
i ended up returning it because it was on the pricey side
this would also ball up and get weird.
this would go away with time
what pushed me over the edge
purchased this with the entire genius line with high hopes that my dark spots
gave it three stars
if i stop using it for a night the pores on my nose go back to looking the same immediately
about to throw it away
it sits on the skin for ages before sinking in
oh well, back to the drawing board.
it more like sat on top
i've used almost the entire bottle
every time i gave it another chance
stopped using once i broke out
gave it three chances
which wouldn't bother me if the product rocked
i broke out more than usual
this one i tossed
the sephora employee was pushing this so hard
the first night i used this i woke up to tiny bumps all over my face
thinking my skin had to purge i used it for another 7 days
to top it all off
after that i broke out
my skin started to dry up
unfortunately i had the same result after using the luna oil
i gave it several attempts
this is the only sr product that did not cause my face to break out
broke me out immediately
gave it several chances--same issue.
runs down your face so quickly
my oily skin was even oiler then before i started using them
then i ran out of good genes
it was a silky, and sank into skin quickly.
tried this after trying algenist just to give it a shot
this firming oil has made me break out.
after i stopped using it
my skin went back to normal
actually started to break out
irritating, and erupted my skinwill return
will keep you posted
the skin on my cheeks became sensitive after about a week to anything i put on
too much product is left in the bottle
i first used these serums as i exchanged my 500 points to get it
the only reason this even got a second star is because i'm telling myself it probably repaired sone sun damage
it broke me out pretty bad
my skin has completely cleared up
starting to break out after using this serum
after no light at the end of the tunnel
it rolls up into little balls that stick to my fave
i stopped using it
it's taken months for my skin to clear up
it made it slide right off my face by the end of the day
i tried it under my foundation as a primer
as soon as you try to put foundation on it will roll up on your face
i tossed it after 3 uses
because the product rolled up on my skin every time
with pressing it into my skin instead of swiping
warming it up on the back of my h
i tried it two days in a row to give it a fair shot
afterwards my skin looked orangeish
a few months down the road it just wouldn't spread anymore
i ruined my expensive bottle by leaving it in a hot car
i ended up throwing it away.
this made my face so oily my makeup had all slipped off by the end of the day
this bottle went back to the store
it pilled as i was applying it
when i went to take it off at the end of the day this stuff did not budge
then it started to pull up on my skin even with just brushing my cheek w/my h
find some way to keep it from peeling off
it turns out the same every time
terrible i wore this once with no make up just this alone
i broke out so bad
than wanted to put on foundation over it i was very unhappy when it rolled in pieces
came off even if you wear it alone it leaves pieces on your face
even saw that the label looked different on the new bottles i attempted purchasing
rolled off my skin several hours after putting on
rolling off my face
i can't help feeling a little ripped off
i wasn't crazy about the gel consistency i ended up returning it for the cream version
i ended up using it on the round-the-eyes areas
i put it on my face
this goes straight back to sephora once i get the chance
i began to rub my checks
it's definitely being exchanged for a new
too bad i already threw out the box
right from the start this gel has never worked as a mattifyer for me
this caused me to break out horribly
my make up still shifted
sadly when i tried to return it
literally every time i wear this under my foundation
the box to return it
so i returned it.
when i first put this on my nose
then another eye cream on top
so when the sales associate steered me toward this product
with the price point, that irritated me.
i gave it the whole tube to change my mind
was in the same boat as when i began-- just with a little less money
had to wipe it off anyway
after using it on my skin
it takes a long time for it to sink in
this just sits on my skin for hourssss
just looked oily on the rest of my face
stopped getting new ones when i quit using it
i ended up getting a small one of this moisturizer bomb
i never break out
i put some on my face
ended up washing it off
i used this while in hot
to the point where it felt like my make up was melting off
it takes a couple of minutes to sink in for me
was unable to put foundation over it
one application made me break out like crazy.
it felt like it just sat on my skin
hard to spred on my face
it broke me out pretty bad
as soon as i came back to this cleanser
after only one use i had break outs
made me break out
the very first time i used this it just about burnt my eyeballs out of my hear
after trying it out, it was just so so?
which always breaks me out
this seemed to make me break out more
my t-zone was twice as oily
it also made my skin break out
it completely broke me out
this almost made it worst
my only complaint is that it left a shiny film on my face
didn't ever feel like it sank in all the way
made me break out like crazy
the only reason i gave it two stars was because of how fast it absorbed into my skin
it would break me out
my skin is back to its self finally
i've never broke out that fast ever.
after the third use i realized it was causing my skin to break out
because it caused me to break out around my chin
it kind of just sat on my face
this product caused me to break out--badly
this stuff didn't blow me away
it seemed to just sit on top of my face
it caused me to break out
within the first few uses it broke my face out
then i noticed that when i just wore it on its own
broke up my foundation
it's fourth on the list
now i have to hope that my eyes bounce back soon.
regardless of the fact that i really patted it in with my ring finger as well as give it time to sink in
i ended up returning this product because it really did not work with my makeup
will just throw out what is left
this morning it looked like i had two black eyes.
the eye cream however left me disappointed.
a try since i just started getting into taking better care of my skin
i felt it was a waste of money, so i returned it.
got break out all over the face
it breaks my skin out again
i'll probably end up returning it
i basically had to wash my face to get the product off
then rolling off the mask
the first time i tried it
i got some stuck in my hair
it took a while to get out
i did it before i got into the shower
was disappointed and took it back
they go away quickly as long as i don't scratch
i've never run into this issue.
i gave it another chance the other day
once removed or by morning once the product has worn off my eye area appears normal again
after using the whole bottle
then disappears which means my make up just cakes up into the fine lines under my eyes
leave it there for a while before finally rubbing it in
pretty sure its from pulling the skin under my eyes everyday/night putting in
then later wasnt really impressed with it
broke me out as well.
it didn't sink in at all
it just rolled off after 5 minutes
forgot the name: similar bottle
never really sinks in i usually end up taking it off a few hours later
i squeezed this into my h
it smells like old oil that went through a retirement home
i jumped on it
i only apply it under my eyes for extra boost.
it broke me out so bad
the second day i decided to look up the ingredients
and the tiniest bit came out at a time.
the dual pump constantly got clogged on me
the mud side had to constantly be fixed which required me to disassemble the entire bottle
tossed about 1/4 of the product because i don't have time to mess with that
had high hopes for this
my least favorite part was the clay side ran out when i had over half of the gel side left
thought i'd give this one a shot this time
since i started using it i've had a huge breakout come on all over
i would totally return this if i had kept the box :/
this one broke me out
it completely broke me out
that it broke my skin out
i couldn't take the sent.
rather sat on top
would have sent it back if i had realized in time to return it
it absorbed well/went on smoothly
upon putting foundation over it
when i first tried it i fell in love
as soon as i stopped wearing it the peeling stopped
i've tried ignoring my appearance
since starting this i find my chin
the rest of the algenist genius line
went back to my other agenist cream with spf 20
it started to peel off
the ingredients are going to break down.
when i put in on my skin it was thick
ultimately had to pass along to a friend
i waited 30 mins before going outside after applying
it would start to flake up after a while
when i got it home
stay away from this one
it went on fine
i contemplated returning it along with the first aid beauty hydra-firm sleeping cream
for some reason i decided to hold onto it
i returned it after i noticed i started breaking out
i think it goes away after absorbed
took a while to rub in
was let down with this one
finally threw it in the trash
even after waiting for it to soak in
then the product pilled up
it kept leaving a white residue on my face
when i applied it to my face
it takes arm power to make it disappear
i am going to use up the tube since i threw my receipt away thinking it wouldn't be needed for returns
which eventually messed up my skin again
i will use this up on my arms
breakout appeared out of nowhere
aside from this issue
i also noticed that when i went to apply my makeup over this
i took this back to the sephora store
as i had a huge deluxe sample that i ended up tossing
i opened it up
when it came to the application
it was hard to take off
would flake off my face whilr it was on
checked out the reviews
although the smell that most people say is horrible didn't bug me at all 2 days after using it i broke out very badly
fell off my face
it was okay putting on & it dried quickly.
i'd heard that this was a good dupe for the glamglow supermud clearing treatment
bought it as a spot treatment for areas on my face that had been breaking out
this one misses the mark.
only kept me matte for just a few minutes.
the smell got to me soon as i started to put it on my face
within seconds of putting it on my face starting to sting
i even tried it with a drop of inglot duraline.
even after two back-to-back uses
realized that it was causing some redness on my face right after i had rinsed it off
i tried to keep using it
stopped using it altogether
when i put it on
told her to get it while it was still on
didn't really like the sensation when it was on my skin
i broke out while using this
then start to work it on my face it immediately turns into a foam i let it sit there for a couple of minutes
then wiped off after massaging into skin as instructed
when it came time to take it off
instructions to simply wipe off when done --
then i saw the price tag on fresh
had to back away from that idea
i continued to break out
one for the face?
since i've already tried almost every face wash/gel already
like other reviewers i've read here is this is the 2nd bottle i've bought where the entire new bottle tipped over
but i just spilled more than half of it.
from the first moment i put it on
i felt like my face was on fire
it doesn't hurt to give it a shot
although this mask was cool to try out
am not prone to break outs
i immediately felt stinging
i took off one star for the smell which is almost overpowering
i'll probably finish out the rest on my neck.
i first tried it on my arm in the store
then i use it on my face
later when i went to apply my foundation this started to flake off of my skin as i smoothed the foundation on
i could barely st
needed a pick me up
it was very tight and dried me out.
then my skin started to break out.
smoother as soon as i took it off
the next day i started breaking out
i think it broke me out a bit
when i tries it
i finished up the entire tube.
it felt like i had cement on my face
it actually made me break out on my nose
i finally decided to return it
it is too late to return it so now i'm stuck with it
accidentally picked up this mask instead of the instant detox mask
didnt realize it until i made it home
i put it on as a leave in mask
woke up find dry
after that it just seemed to break me out
it just sat on top of my skin
i just finished using a bottle of juno
it really helped calm my skin down
i think it got my skin back in balance.
it started to get that healthy glow back after a week
accidentally dropped it once
this broke me out
it broke me out
my face felt sticky when i went to bed.
my hair looked oily when i woke up
the final blow was when i looked in the mirror
when i got it home
i threw it out.
i broke out some so only use every other day
looked in the mirror before bed
two more popped up
almost instantly which i like
it went on great
my face turned a bit red at first
after i washed it off my face felt the same
it left me unsure of whether i was getting all the makeup off
like it was stripped
i've applied night cream over the film with no break outs or ill effects
it also really gets off the make-up.
this balm broke me out immediately.
one of my only returns to sephora.
it definitely assists with taking off any makeup that was missed from my initial cleanup
i still have about half of the jar left
it also caused me to break out terribly
nothing breaks me out
instructions say keep away from eyes
i broke the rule
it caused some break outs
i still have 3/4 left, and am going to dump it.
after couple use my skin is peeled off my face
this took the longest to soften
i stopped using this cream
this will be returned or exchanged asap.
it gave me a headache
had my oil mostly under control
until i started itching to try a new product
after falling for the sales pitch
made me break out.
i kept using it
00 i'm going to use this up first
it also made my eyes water like crazy for about 15 to 20 minutes after i put it on
i would've returned it to sephora
after a short period of time my under eye skin felt dry again
this made my eye water at first
i will go back to my other products when this runs out
it broke my skin out so bad i had to quit
made me have a bit of a break out in that area
boscia has never steered me wrong
i always go back over with another cleanser
i also didn't like that the bottom piece that holds the soap has holes so the products falls through
the reviews for this product gave me high hopes that something would finally help clear up my black heads on my nose
fell apart s bit
my next usages were just to my nose so then it was ok
after using a whole stick
about halfway through the stick the turning function stopped working
i finally finished a month or so later the product by awkwardly sticking my fingers in the tube
the stick design was what drew me into purchasing the cleanser
when i went to apply it all over my face i wasn't getting much product out
had to apply pressure to get product on to m face
when i applied pressure the stick started to bend
i gave it a shot anyway
i ended up having more break outs than before.
could wash my face on the plane
the bottom piece broke off before the first use.
i followed the directions
making it impossible to screw the lid back on
it just sat on my skin
at first it seems like a sort of forest floor frangrance
i smoothed it on my face and walked out the door.
i gave it 2 stars because despite the cons
it made me break out terribly
i stopped using it
tried again with the same results
a few hours after using this it literally looked like someone dumped grease on my face
i first thought my nose ring was infected because i got mask ingredients stuck in there
for the rest of the day i was trying to figure out why i smelled like i just got a perm
the smell freaked me out so much that i had to wipe it off my face
it just sits in my bathroom gathering dust as i don't want to throw it away because it cost over $100
comes to find out that it was my face all along
it gave me a headache.
i gave it a shot.
did this mask before i went to bed hoping to wake up with brighter skin
instead woke up with a huge
had really high hopes
as soon as i started washing it off i immediately saw that i had breakouts
then after i took it off i put on moisturizer
when i came home later on
before i used this my skin was really clear
after i put it on it was
noticed that i broke out after using this one
when i stopped using it my skin cleared up so
used it the once then had a terrible break out
until it broke me out.
looked after this mask
my face did brighten when i washed it off
now the glamglow products have taken the top spot
this is seriously the worst mask i've tried before
it broke me out unfortunately
i finished my whole jar
only downfall is that it made my face hot
honestly the only thing i ended up liking about this mask was the scent
i did follow the directions
after each use just to calm my skin
i couldn't get the blasted grit washed off my face to save my life
i am halfway through the whole pack
we gave the remainder to my son in law to try
left a film on my face even after washing off
it got in my eye
while i had the mask on
it actually burned and broke me out.
it goes away after putting it on
i kept it on for a few more minutes to see if the irritation would calm down
had to wash it off
after my third use
it broke my skin out so bad
this mask made me break out so badly afterwards
ended up returning it
after using a fresh rose mask afterwards
finally wash the product out
the effects basically wore off
i woke up with even more texture on my face.
every time i used it it broke me out
this mask felt great when i first put it on
when it came time to take it off
as the last one would dry up
so they kind fall off in terrible little pieces
i keep this aside when i run out of my other creams
with further use the breakouts have gone down
thought it worked fine after 2-3 uses
the product ended up making me break out after a week of use
seemed to not break me out
this sounded like a serious combination product that checked all the boxes
i've had that problem with straight up sunscreen before
the pearl mask broke me out.
i seemed light going on
however i got the rose sleeping mask
i left it like a regular mask
i put a little on earlier
i used tape, but they still dried out a little.
my skin was soft when i woke up
slimy when i woke up
was told it would help with my oily completion
i ended up oily anyway
i got the green one.
just buy the sheet masks instead
it made me break out horribly
the first day i woke up with 3 pimples on my chin where i never break out
needless to say now i have another one on my cheek :
there's no way to properly seal it once opened
it takes a few minutes to sink in
i broke out: i'm not going to blame this on the product though
if you picked this up
the water like consistency just shot out
even after i washed it off
i would have to take a second step of wiping my face with a cotton pad
wanted a fast wipe clean
no trace left behind without the heavy scrubbing best seek another option
i would like to add all those clogged pores had went away when i began using my clarisonic
came back using this face wash
when i tried it, it felt light weight.
i felt like it ran out very quickly
every 10 minutes i had to rub it into my skin again
again until i believe i just rubbed it completely off my skin
decided to give the eye concentrate a try too
see it right up there on the front of the ingredients list
i returned it as well
when i finished applying this to my face it left my skin so squeaky
wanted to try one from a jar
i returned this one
my under eye area calmed down a few days after i stopped using it
makeup for a few days uuntil my face calmed down
all because it stopped my skin from cracking
back to the drawing board.
let me start off by saying i miss the old dramatically different moisturizer
this ended up being to thick for me
made me break out
also it just sat on my skin and didnt absorb.
mine broke after just over a year
it broke on me
it completely took them away
i am assuming this is because the first laser was so weak compared to the second
this burned my skin after one use
i took it home
immediately after using it
no light comes on at all now when i plug it in.
break my face out like crazy
i immediately stopped using it on my skin
it cleared up immediately
i think i broke out mixing two formulas together
after like 5min, her redness went down by a lot!
i mixed two drops with my primer as he had suggested
this is going back.
someone mentioned it was easy to knock over
well it was easy to knock over
literally half the bottle poured out in 1/2 a second
how could i return it half empty ?
after going through a whole jar
i could literally wipe my h
which led to breaking out
if i touched my face
pulling them away resulted in that "sticky sound" effect
even after putting a primer on
i walked in to sephora hooked on a different moisturizer thinking it would help resolve texture on my skin
unfortunately it made me break out
it made me break out every single time
also this product gave me several dry patches on my face which i've never had in my life
this has totally turned me away from philosophy products
did not cause break outs.
then came back to see if i was to hard on this product
after putting it on
the problem i had is that it greased up on my skin after a few hours
it has two huge stikes against it : first
octinoxate breaks down above zone
going back to my old eye cream!
i tried this product out of the blue
skin bumps that i had throw it away :
get it prepped for foundation
i though it might go away after my skin got used to it
i put it away when the weather got cold
when i went to get it back out
fist time i had to put a second layer
the jar is almost empty
my t-zone is prone to break-outs
when i first open the jar
halfway done with my jar
ultimately it failed to really win me over on a few points: 1
it did not end up in the skin care graveyard at the back of the cabinet
after dropping 60 bucks on it
still have the whole jar sitting in my washroom
went on the computer for awhile
then went to put foundation on
stayed sticky all day
i think it also caused me to break out.
dried too soon while i was working it in
at first it was ok
i ended up keeping it to finish up the container
recently starting wearing make up
never tried foundation on top of it
when i first tried it
the stinging has gone away
this stuff set my face on fire
i didn't even have it on 5 minutes before i took it off
i finally decided on the boscia line.
my face got clean, and that was about it.
it seemed to sit on the face
i used it till it finished then went back to my drugstore br
the more i noticed that it tingled/burned after i put it on
my entire face felt like it was on fire
i woke up with a significant breakout on my forehead
i settled on this one
my skin is too sensitive for the product my t zone is flared up
uncomfortable when it was on my face that i had to go re-wash my face
i used up the entire jar
it has to go back.
as soon as i found out boscia was coming out with sake inspired products
i rushed to try out this cream
so bad that my face cringed as i put it on.
then was touching my face after like why is my h
now i feel stuck using it
i also felt like it left a film on my skin that was not being absorbed
it caught me off guard the first few times i used this creme
this one he wasn't blown away by.
lifting effect he didn't feel as if it helped overall with his p
it crumbled off when i rubbed it in
it didn't work for putting concealer on over because it crumbled off
stayed around the house without make up
do my routine make up on top
i looked like i had theatrical make up under my eyes to purposely age me
i took a glance at a mirror entering a store
two makeup days in a row went horribly wrong with this product
when i apply it around my eyes
once i ran out of my eye cream
on to another product for me!
will finish out the pot of it since it was pretty pricey
the skin around my eyes feels moiturized at the first 10 minutes after applying
it tries out very quickly
thought it was the best eye cream i'd used in a while
thought it was a great day eye cream yet when i run out of the serum
then this immortelle eye balm brought them back
touched the area where eye cream was applied
i used around two bottles of this product before i felt like i was using a cheap
this cream made my face break out
t had to go back
it gave me the most aggressive breakout to date
could feel a nasty reaction coming on
felt like it just sat on my face
this really just sat on top of my skin.
had to dump a lot of the jar
it was ok while it lasted
it returned with a new look
the contents of the jar are about down to half
so i returned it.
it felt like the product sat on there melting all night
after that fell dry again
my face was breaking out around the chin area
the skin on my face overall just dried out
tonight this left me broken out on my cheeks
got it because i recently fell in love with the ceramidin line
unfortunately the tube broke apart
when i went to unscrew the cap
the whole top snapped off
i went to get the second tube
the second tube had snapped apart as well
the tops broke off the two i use most
i started using the pink tube first
they actually helped when my skin was breaking out
my skin was back to normal
dried out my skin to the point where my face felt tight
make up off of my skin
made me break out all over.
it cleared my skin up very quickly after i started using it
i just try to keep it away from my eyes now
almost a squeaky clean finish after one use
it gets rid of all the make up
tried it on my whole face
this one was a miss however.
the pump was really weak
it also had build up of dried up serum near
didn't work under my foundation
my serum happened to run out
then when it's gone
then 3/4 of the way through the bottle the dropper broke
returned it for another
that dropper didn't work from the minute i opened the bottle
i resort to outing it out into my palm.
i returned my first bottle then got a new one that doesn't work either
i never could get the product to come out unless i opened the bottle
a cap does not shut tightly once opened
i only used the product twice before i had to slam it into my palm to get any out
exchanged it for another
left a "film" on my face that was sticky to the touch
this cream went on nice
when i went to put on a little powder
i turned into a very shiny person
i'll keep using it until my new eye cream comes in
i like the idea of the roller ball
the main reason why i didn't enjoy this lotion is because it broke me out within only two days
still needed my st
at the end of the day, it ruined my foundation.
i went through it to fast
in the long run
just not with the first 2 steps
back to the store it went.
eye cream to give his whole line a fair chance
it just came with a cost
as i've struggled with it all my life
saw the high reviews and had high hopes.
it seems to be missing the tube inside the bottle that should connect to the dispenser
once you pull the top off of the bottle
the cream was completely separated
i tried everything-tipping it over
i finally used a q-tip to scrape the cream into the center of the bottle
never had the chance to since i was unable to dispense the cream
the bottle did not come with an inner tube which connected to the pump
then ordered it immediately
unlike the rest of the ceramidin line
just not for me- i returned it.
the sephora rep had told me it would help improve my sun damage
it makes she break out too
even the sephora rep agreed it was drying.
i just finished my entire first jar
then the product balls up
ill pass on this
figured i would give it a shot
asked me if i had needed to jump start my car
i washed off immediately
went bare faced the remainder of the day
i got this with the mini foreo
i could barely get the stuff off
when using with the foreo
i got this as part of the set with the foreo mini
dragged on my face while using the foreo
face became baby soft after used
instantly started to get red
after three tries, i am pitching it in the trash.
when this new mask was released
about 30 seconds after application my entire face felt like it was on fire
i wiped it off immediately because it was so uncomfortable
it broke me out
also made my foundation look like cement when underneath
it was the first
i even tried it on my arms
legs in order to use it up
the worst part came when i was applying makeup
it was like i had a layer of dry glue that started to pill as soon as i attempted to put on my base
this product sort of rolls up
i ended up scrubbing it off my face because it felt so weird
i tried using it before putting my make up on
i grabbed a sample of this at sephora because it seemed promising
after a few seconds it gets very hard to spread
the very first time i tried it
how easily it sunk into my skin
seen people say that this product "balled up"
felt great on the back of my h
when i did put makeup over it it went all wrong!
the product is greasy and broke me out.
pieces that sat on my face
then realized it was the product
clump must not have touched their face at all after applying it
which to me was proof it was leaving a residue behind
it rolls up into little balls
this totally balled up
a totally let down a few minutes after applying
took a while to sink in
i got this as a 100 point reward
sadly this goes in the no pile.
when i try 2 "work" it into my skin
it comes off as little balls
when u put on any base
i got this as a 10 point reward.
i received this as a 100 point peek at sephora.
i actually washed it off pretty quickly in favor of putting on another moisturizer
once i started my makeup it just balled up
peeled off my face
when i put it on, it balled up too.
noticed that my foundation balls up
just used my points perk
i came to read reviews because after first getting this
i started using it for my fine lines around my eyes
it sat on top on my skin
sat on my skin
it sat on top of my face
cool when i first put it on after my serum settled
when i finally applied my primer
had to start my routine over :
it lays on top and during the day it balls off.
broke it when i was 2
just right after using this
i applied this when i woke up
it seemed to almost separate from my face.
i ended up returning it.
i ended up returning it
i took the plunge
i will finish the bottle
ever since i stopped using it the spots have been slowly going away
my skin broke out
went straight to the trash
actually caused me to break out in a few places
i gave it three stars for having great ingredients
it seems to be clearing up
once i found out that their line was at sephora i was stoked
i sniffed my arm
it seemed to just sit on the surface of my face rather than sinking in
i gave it a chance
on the plus side
at first, i saw amazing results with this.
as time went on
this facial oil broke me out badly
thought i would give it a shot
didn't break me out which is fine
this broke me out
not purging broke me out either
some of them break me out
i tried everything with this from only putting it on itself to putting it on top of my moisturizer
my face is back to normal
cap kept on breaking
i returned that one and ordered a new bottle.
this time the color was way off
over all i could tell this bottle was just old
i returned that one as well.
broke me out horribly
once i stopped using this
my complexion cleared up
at first i though maybe it was breaking me out because it was a new product
seemed to never really sink in.
also, pretty sure this broke me out.
as soon as i opened it i was totally taken back by the scent
i noticed i went through it kind of fast
since the stone settled to the bottom
had trouble incorporating it at times
came back in stock immediately after the sale ended
had to wash it off immediately to not throw up
this one literally hurt
finished the bottle with no results
when it's removed there is
turned red after i used it for the first time
my skin looked the same after use
was almost out of it
after finishing the whole bottle
i followed the instructions exactly
this face mask is a rip off
i waited to write this review until i finished the entire jar
hard to get it out when it is coming to an end
this cream seemed to sit on top of my skin
i gave up on it when i realized it was causing milia around my eyes
during that time my under eye area kept getting dryer
it took a lot for it to absorb
unfortunately it was a bust
my skin is just falling off
i will finish what is left
i am almost finished with the container
i still have about half of the container left
i'll finish using what i have left
i am almost gone through the entire bottle
i am sending it back.
came across the farmacy line
if i smiled or moved my face around
i even tried going a couple of days without applying eye cream
noticed a cooling/soothing feeling immediately on my arm when i put it on
thought i was out of the product
turned the bottle upside down
half the bottle emptied all over my h
this was a let down after reading the reviews.
then took off another star
i opened the container to get some out
it had some stuck to the sides
it was relatively empty within the container
you then take a breath
i wanted to return this product right after my first trial with it
it's definitely getting returned
it still felt like my face was sticking to the pillow
it was thick when i first opened the bottle
let it sink in for a few minutes
unfortunately i jumped on this product's b
gave it a couple tries and then returned it.
however it broke me out so badly
this caused o full blown break out
broke me out immediately
i still broke out each
i popped into sephora told them my routine
wound up returning it.
it broke me out badly
it took me 4 months to get my skin clear again
it was the only thing i took out of my routine
i tried it again
this broke me out unfortunately
i broke out with white heads around my jaw line
when i put it on my face i feel hurt
purchased the full de line back in the fall
after cutting everything out
i accidentally got it on my lip once
it started to sting up application
it made my face break out bad
like it never sunk in
maybe broke me out a little
i woke up with a huge zit the day after i tried this product
i never break out
had to return mine bc winter is right round the corner
after seconds it felt very very dry
unfortunately, it came up short.
can't wait to be finished my jar
it prevented my makeup from settling in
it took two washes to get it all off
have not finish even one bottle
dirt was left behind
i stopped using it and my face wasn't as oily.
just wasn't the right match for my skin is all
since this came in a gift set
my skin is worse than it was before i started using it
this product made me break out so bad it took weeks of using a different cleanser to put a dent into getting my skin back to normal
gave it two star
when i got this i was hoping that it would wash off all my makeup
thought i'd give it a shot
i continued to break out
thought i'd give this a shot
i stopped using it since.
this made me all red
i started to break out too
the first time i used it i wasn't wearing make up
i ended up having to use my purity cleanser after it to get my make up off
the feeling on my face is the only reason i haven't returned this
been over the moon about them
it felt cooling after putting it on.
then came the tingling.
just washed it off.
was shocked at how quickly this product ran out
is now on my second bottle of the product
sending it to the us
this one was not in my top 5
used half of the bottle
made me break out
i brought it back
i got this in my play box this month
i felt like i was just putting water around my eyes
under my eyes look worse after using for 1 week
doesn't pull at my skin when i put it on
thinking of returning this product.
my eyes have reverted to their earlier
i will probably end up returning it
sephora is far away from my house
my face actually got worse
(it even says it on the bottle).
i started by testing it out on a family of dark-spots on my chin for 2 weeks
they clear up right away
whole bottle down, no change.
since it has to be the first thing i put on my face after cleansing
i used 1/3 of the bottle on one spot in particular
when i left it in my product cabinet for some weeks a circle white ball developed inside the bottle
ended up returning it
dried in one second before i could spread it over my face
put it on after showering
threw it away instantly!
used it to the last drop
i finished a bottle of this
since i have finished a bottle of this
this is the third murad product i've tried
s don't take opened products back
all i got was a sticky face.
i did use the entire bottle and saw zero results.
i've had this one pimple scar that i had literally the same week that my order with this came in the mail
made me break out
it broke me out.
i used up the whole bottle
i stopped using it
started using this again
just keep it in mind
it might go away after 10-15 minutes
it just felt like glue when you first put it on
the bottle is empty now
i used up the bottle anyway
i also started breaking out like crazy
this product made my entire face very red when i put it on
still i'm powering through on the hopes of even skin in 2016
it didn't clear up my face .
neither were cleared using this wash.
my skin has started to clear on it's own
they ultimately left my skin irritated
i've finally given up on this product
i stopped using this on my face
now use it on my chest
if you are on the verge of trying it
first night i tried it i got a little red
the following morning my face had broken out
my entire face was red
started to break out this was ok to use one a week for me
foundation-i followed the directions
then i splashed water on my face.
it stung my eyes every time i stopped
when returning it leaked over other stuff i wanted to return
more than half the product must've been wasted because product would just spill out no matter how tightly it was shut
it gave me the same reaction
it also dried out my h
i am switching back to my other face wash
i used it up until i ran out.
not even having it for a month it left my face so dry
he immediately walked me over to murad
said this helped him
takes off all my make up
using up a little over half the bottle
this went back to the store
it dried out my face like crazy
the second week i started to break out bad
its not that i'm leaving it slightly open
ive had half of it spill out already.
so the first time i used this product is was super broken out
and it also broke me out even worse!!
it took my skin about a month to get back to normal
his skin cleared up dramatically
did not help to clear blemishes--it broke me out
one day i went into sephora
has cleared up some problems
then my acne came back and worst.
this made me break out into big
i used this once because i was breaking out.
as soon as i washed it off
my skin is still trying to recover from it
i'll finish off the bottle
fortunately this fades after a few minutes
as it started drying it just rolled up into little balls on my face
will roll up in balls on your face all through the day
am even rounding up in my assessment
i followed the directions
tried using this product again
the pimple came back a lot sooner this time
bottom line: save your money
this one was a pass
looking back on the description after using it
was greeted with a rough
pulling at my skin
like residue is left over on my face
it can be left on for 20-30min as a mask
i immediately wiped followed up with my kate somerville toner to get all of the residue of this off my face
i went through a whole jar
first let me say i double cleanse
oil that came off
when this product came out
then immediately wipe it off afterward
after letting this sit on my face
place this over my face
tried 3 different times and hated it every time.
finally just tossed it.
also tried using it as a mask for 30 mins
rep really pushed it on me during an event claiming it was great for all skin types
i used this down to the last drop.
on the pro side
people actually kept telling me how tired i looked after 2 months of use
after i finished the entire container
the area under my eyes was broken out
i touched my face about 20 mins after application
it kept pilling every time
i like to throw this on when i'm in a rush
i took 2 stars off because of 1
made my skin break out
i've ended up having to wash my face
it started to pill all over my face
had to pick it off
put on my tried
i got this in my sephora play box this month.
this one really fell short for me
i felt like it took no make up off
i stopped using it for awhile
got my skin cleared up
my big issue is the residue it leaves behind on my chest
when i first saw
however once it came down to removing my face make-up i was very dissappointed
it also left a lot of my make-up on.
i recently ran out of my last cleanser
it sank into my skin after about 10 minutes
had to send it back.
i feel ripped off because i could not get all the product out of the tube
shut "mechanism" just shifted back
it washed off all my make up
felt like it just sat on top overnight
because sleeping with a mask on was easy
was hoping to wake up with soft
