really not a big fan of erno laszlo.
honestly now i'm fully disappointed because i have rosacea
just wasn't happy how my skin felt
sorry but i'm not sorry ...
i never felt like it completely absorbed
i really wanted to love this stuff- it's such a pretty
i don't love it.
sad because i really wanted to purchase because i loved the sample
i am not really sure how well this works.
was excited to try it as a night cream
couldn't be more disappointed
while i love how it makes my skin feel
for the price i have to say i am not really impressed
i wanted it to work so bad because i heard so many good reviews on it
i really wanted to love this so bad!!!
i really loved this beauty oil.
glad i didn't spend money on it
i love the packaging
i really tried to like this
the only thing i liked about this product was how cool it looked on
the first time i tried it i loved it.
i wanted to love this one
it just didn't live up to my expectations
this is a fun mask to do with a friend or something
i agree with a lot of the reviews in here
did my skin feel amazing afterwards?
i wanted to love it
fun to play with but no results.
atleast it was fun
something to get excited about
box i was so excited!
used a sample; thank god i didn't buy this.
glad i didn't purchase this
i enjoy this mask
i really enjoy this mask
was excited to finally give it a try after hearing so much hype
i do enjoy using it, it's fun.
i love another reviewers comment that she thought that maybe she liked the tin man look of the mask because it scared the dog
really wanted to love this mask
honestly, i get it.
pretty bummed i spent so much on this mask.
i love everything about this mask.
i love all other glamglow products
i liked the packaging
i wanted to love this product
also i hate the packaging.
was happy with that
really liked how this serum made my skin feel
i didn't love the texture of it
glad i got to try a bit before buying!
i liked it ok but won't repurchase.
i wish it would've helped my skin :(.
i really want to like this product because it seems to be well loved
will use it lol
not to mention i loved all the beneficial ingredients
'm very disappointed i had return this
i heard pretty good things about this
i really liked this at first
he loves it too.
was so excited to try this
god knows i love this line so much i'll keep trying to add it into my skincare regime
i didn't buy it to feel great on my skin
not impressed with this product
was so excited for this serum
i really wanted to love it
well i am underwhelmed
i really love this product
i hate it as well
such a bummer because i wanted to buy this product
the product is ok.
i did not liked the packaging
glad i didnt pay for it.
i didn't think this eye cream was great.
i enjoy trying different products
however i did not personally love it
i do appreciate the high spf
really wanted to love this product however it just stay on my skin
i really liked that this had spf 30
really love how light it feels
while i like it
although i loved it at first
i really couldnt see a difference in my skin after using this cream
this product is ok.
i love the idea of this treatment
i usually love murad products
i kinda wish i could return it.
i got this as a sample thank goodness
i really love some of the other dr
sad to say i'm highly disappointed.
i am sorry i wasted $100.70 ($95+tax).
i am very disappointed
i so dislike writing this review because i love dr
let me say i am a very young 64 years
i am not impressed
i am very disappointed.
i wanted this to be great
not happy at all!
i really wanted to like this.
i really wanted to love this due to all the rave reviews
i myself was not impressed with this product.
ive tried all different kinds
thought id have better luck with this
raved this one to me
i really didn't like this product.
i do love the kate somerville products
because i love bobbi brown products so much
i want to love it
she reassured me that yes it was
i wanted to love this.
my review is 100% honest
i wanted to love this product
i always read the reviews before i use a product
i also didn't love the feel/consistency
sorry to say i am not very impressed.
i feel like i've just wasted $125.
i am really upset
was excited to try it
i wish this was better.
i love putting it on my face
lol i was not however a fan of this product.
this product was a miss for me personally
i realized how dumb i was for not trying this due to my love of her other products
so i got it and i wanted to love it.
i truly loved how soft this made my face feel
my skin hated it.
was excited to use it
i wanted to love this stuff.
this stuff i hate
i went in with the intention to purchase this all i can say omfg the smell
felt like i needed a lot
i absolutely loved thus scrub
i love all of these products by ole.
i want to say i love this scrub
i really wanted to love this.
i really like murad products
love love loved it
i liked the original
i actually thought wow this thing takes forever to dry
it started to feel okay
i wanted to love this and am so disappointed.
i enjoy this product a lot
i love the way it felt
so are the results- i just really wanted to emphasize that if you are sensitive to florals like myself
super bummed it didn't work out for me
i really wanted it to
i really wanted to love this product
i love the product
after using it for a solid 2 weeks i can say i am not a fan of this personally
thought this was it for me
i wanted to like this
i really wanted to love it
while this was ok
i read all the great reviews
some love it some hate it.
when i first used it i loved it
i wish i could say i loved it.
i really wanted to love this serum.
i wanted to love this.
i liked everything about it
i mean, very excited.
i saw how good the reviews was
i really wanted to live this product
i didn't love it the way i have some other products
'm glad i put it on at night
read lots on it too of so many people raving about it
i really wanted to love this hydration stick--seemed perfect for travel
i really wanted to like this product.
at first i really liked it
i got this product
i don't hate this product
i got this in my play!
got super excited when i saw this
i really liked this when my a/c was out for 3 weeks
i liked the concept of this
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to like this stuff
it's alright to use when i want to pamper myself.
i love the overall concept
you get alot of product
i wanted it so bad
the i hate that sticky feel
disappointing because i really wanted to like this
as i am a huge fan of caudalie products
i really wanted to love this.
i am so disappointed.
loved the product before but hate it now.
i wish it worked :(
i really wanted to love this
guess i was allergic?
very disappointed in the product
wish i hadn't wasted my money
i wasn't unhappy with the product
i love face masks so when i saw this i freaked.
i really enjoyed it
no, but i really enjoyed it!
i am so happy i didn't pay money for this!!
i think that's the mask working
it's the product i was least excited to try
i guess it is nice
sorry but this isn't for me
i love origins, love.
i don't love this.
wow... i am amazed that this came from tarte.
i loved the packaging
i really wanted to like this product
it didn't live up to my expectations
i usually love all things tarte
i didn't really think it cleaned my face that well personally
sure since i love tarte
i will start by saying i love love love tarte
i got a sample of this and i hate it.
i am a beauty fanatic i buy everything that comes out on the spot
left a dry feeling to my skin i was so upset bc i really wanted to love this product over all i wont be buying this product again
was excited to try this
really was disappointed by this.
too bad, i really wanted to love it.
it's sad because i really wanted to love it
i am extremely disappointed in this product
i hate this product!
i tried this product
i feel like for $22
i really wanted to love this product.
i am going to keep looking
i am so so mad!
i am just so disappointed.
i liked this initially.
i tried to like this, really.
wanted to love it but had to return!
really wish it would've worked better.
really wanted to love it because of the benefits
i really really wanted to love this.
i knew it was because of this product
i love korres, but this is just ok.
i am disappointed because i was excited to try it since it is my very first oil
am so disappointed with this product
i really wanted this product to work
i do t get all the rave reviews.
i really wanted to like this
personally it was not for me.
i wanted to love it
as much as i love this stuff
i wanted to love this sooooooo bad
thought my skin would love it
which is weird cuz every one is saying that they love the smell
i really wanted to like this because it smelt so amazing
i wanted to love this
wanted to love this so bad
i heard such great things about it
really wanted to love this product.
everytime i use this
tarte never disappointed me until this one
i wanted to try this product because of all the great reviews
because that's all i felt this one was doing for my skin
i loved this as soon as i got it.
i really wanted this to work
i am really disappointed
feel i wasted my money
i dedicated my life to this thing
was excited to try it as fresh is my daily skin care br
i love the way it makes my skin feel
sn't something that i would proudly place on my vanity
the only thing i can say is that sk ll rna is a terrific moisturizer for very dry skin like mine
i really wanted to love this product.
was truly excited to give this new product a try
at first use i was pleased with the feel
so far i'm not too amazed by this product.
i really really wanted to love this product as i had read wonderful reviews of this br
plus i thought since i loved there face cream which is hard for me to find a good one that works with my skin
i wanted so badly to love these.
was so excited to try them
i wanted to love this product as i really enjoy using it
i liked the refreshing feel of the product
i think this is an okay product
i love fab products -- there are a few that i use daily
i really liked it in the store
really wanted this to work.
this product was okay for me
i would crease like crazy
i wanted to love this product but it's so-so.
wanted to love this after seeing 5 star reviews
it broke me out sooo bad my skin has never been this bad ever
i wanted to love this
i enjoyed using it
i guess i was lucky
wanted to love this so badly
i guess this is ok.
i love all algenist products except this one.
i really don't adore the current over-the-top highlight
the pros ended up being reasons i didn't love trying this product
i really liked the innovation behind the duo
i really wanted to love this product
i really enjoyed it
i think it's am ok product
all opinions are my own and i am 100% honest.
i wasn't very impressed with this product.
i liked this product, but i did not love it.
i didn't like this product.
i personally absolutely love this concept.
this product was alright.
i just don't see myself wearing this product
so yes i did enjoy the product
am not a huge fan of this product
disappointed i was really hoping to love
i really really wanted to love it.
i will love this with my foundation
i do love how it looks
i really wanted to love this product
i know: everyone loves glitter everyone on their face except me
which is what i would have loved
i wanted to like it
so disappointed as i wanted to love this moisturizer
i really was excited to try this product
i love a lot of other fresh products
wanted to love this so badly
i wanted to give 4 stars
i absolutely love the de line
this just didn't impress me
i really wanted to like this gel
i wanted to love this so much.
i wanted to love it
i love drunk elephant's other products though
i feel like i have to use sooo much of the product
i enjoy using it
i hate this product.
this was just ok.
liked it a lot more
i feel like i am the only one who isn't that impressed with this product
was really disappointed with this one
was very pleased with it
the pros: feels amazing when you first put it onthe cons: i really really wanted to love this
i loved everything about the previous breathe used it for years
too bad though considering i really liked the texture
i absolutely loved the old formula
i really wanted to love this
i love the brand, but not this product.
i don't have great luck with origins anyway
was so excited to try it
i really wanted to like this
i really wanted to love this
i still love the concept
meh.... this is just not really doing it for me.
i am definitely not impressed
i love ren products but this one disappointed.
i am very happy i didn't purchase it
i am not a fan
i am really disappointed.
will admit i am disappointed with this one
was excited until i read the ingredients
was excited to try this one
i really wanted to love this product because i'm
i love the pretty packaging
i wanted to love this
i am all for luminizing
sad it didn't live up to the hype i have read about
was pretty excited to use it
says she loves it
i too really wanted to love it
i do enjoy the product
i really wanted to love it
overall i'm really disappointed in the product
i hate this one
wow its strong i just cant st
im so glad i only got the sample
i wanted to like this product.
i wanted to love this but, meh.
i really really liked it
was really excited because i'd heard such positive things about this br
i love it for the summer
initially really liked the texture
i really hate that i have to dip my finger in the product
as much as i wanted to love this i had to return it
this wasn't something i was expecting
it's really disappointing because i love the feel of it
everything i asked her i was concerned about
i liked how light it felt on my skin
i wish this product played well with my skin because i saw the benefits immediately
sadly not for me.
loved this at first
i really really really wanted to love this product
have heard great things about this skin line
bummed it didn't work for me.
in the first few uses i absolutely loved it
i did enjoy using it.
that really upset me
i am extremely disappointed in this new product
i am pretty disappointed
i wanted this to work for me
i really wanted to like this
that's how much i hate this new bottle.
i despise the new package
am i the only one who hates this stuff?
i really liked this at first
raved about it to many people
now i think that was just because i had heard such great things about it
was pretty excited about trying this product
i absolutely hate it.
was really excited because i'm usually super impressed with this br
i am so confused as to why people like this.
while i enjoyed the feel
i wanted to love it
i absolutely love the feel of the product itself
idk how i feel about
really wish i picked something else
i liked it when i had it
i love lots of fresh products
at first i liked it
my face was doing alot of weird thing because of this product
i really wanted to like it
i wanted to love this.
i am greatful that i was chosen to demo the product
i really had no idea what to expect as this was my first experience with sk-ii
i liked how my skin felt after putting this on.
i literally said "ugh" i should have stopped there
i know that some people adore this sleep mask
wow - this product was a really big let-down.
i've tried hard to love this product because i was so excited for it
was excited to try this new product
trust me i know
thought i understood what all the hype was about
i love this product.
wasn't that excited by them
i really like the idea of this bar
t works really well
in love with the boscia sake products
i really like the tsubaki line from boscia
which i was very disappointed with
i absolutely love boscia products.
so i was really excited to try this.
because i think it looks absolutely beautiful
im sure i'd love it if i were younger
i love boscia but this was a miss for me.
i love the boscia line
i don't understand all the 4 and 5 star reviews.
i wish i could love this since its so light
so i know it was this product.
i love trying weird beauty products
product is just ok!
i got a sample of this, i am glad i didnt buy it.
i wanted to love this product so much!
i actually loved the consistency!
i loved how it made my makeup look!
i wanted to truly love it.
16i really wanted to like this product
i always love to try out new things at sephora
knew it wasn't the foundation
at first i thought this was great
can honestly say my makeup has never liked more terrible
was very excited when i first heard about this product
i am a bit disappointed.
i wanted to love this product.
really liked the way that the sample made my skin feel
as much as i really wanted to love this because it made my skin feel so smooth at first
i live in florida where it is so hot out i always feel like i'm melting this has really helped
i really wanted to love this
i really enjoyed this product since i am extremely oily
it left me extremely disappointed
i really wanted to like this.
i really expected one heck of a product
at first, i thought it was great.
i wasn't expecting miracles
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to love this because i was amazed by how it performed in tatis video
as of right now i am not impressed
really not worth it, and i am returning it.
for tte price u shouldnt have to try so hard
i really wanted to like this
i wanted to love it
was excited to try this
to my disappointment it was awful for me.
she absolutely loves it
gosh, i really wanted to love this.
i really wanted to love this cream.
i love everything i've tried
wanted to love this product
seen the price tag i was not too thrilled
i felt i had to use too much product to keep my skin happy
i normally adore guerlain products
i wanted to like it
if u have great skin
i enjoyed using this
not feel so bummed
didn't feel like it worked for me
you'll love this product
got this in my playbox.....i'm so so so sad.
i loved the way this product looked
i wanted to like this, i really did.
was disappointed every time i tried to use it
i really wanted to love this.
really haven't been too thrilled or too disappointed either
which i personally like
thank god i didn't apply to the entirety of my face
i like this product better than i thought i would
i really was excited
my face was not happy.
i wanted to love this product
i really wanted to love it
i know all skin is different
i want to love this so bad
my bf also hates it, he says i smell like food.
you look "dewey" alright
loved it when i first tried it
i like the idea behind this product.
i wanted to love it.
i normally love perricone products
was so disappointed by this
loved it for a while
i don't hate the product
honestly i like my st ives exfoliater better.
at first i loved it!
i like the product
have to say i love clinique
at first i liked this product
i found this too silicony to love it
i like this product
honestly im not that impressed
i actually love everything clinique that i have ever tried
why you playin us like that with samples you guys have had for forever
while i was off i used it yeah just not for me
i wanted to love this
all of that love being said
i liked this product.
sadly, this one irritated me.
i wanted to like this
seeing the reviews on here i'm pretty confident i would have disliked it anyway
i like the idea of it
was pretty excited to see this in my play
i wanted to love this
i am so glad i only got a sample of this.
i loved the dior
sadly, this product didn't work for my skin.
was excited to try it out
i am very very disappointed
i read so many awesome reviews i just had to try this
i feel really indifferent to this product
i wanted to love this.
hearted it because i liked the smell
i got this in my sephora play
honestly it's packaging intrigued me.
i absolutely hate eggs though
i really thought i would hate it because it is made using egg
so sad cause as i said i love their stuff
i didn't love the formula for combination skin which is sad because i love fab's other products
i really wanted to like this
was so excited to try it
i really wanted to like this because of the reviews
i wanted to love this product so badly
i am so surprised i didnt like this.
purchased it because i really wanted to like it
honestly this was my least favorite
i really wanted to love this gel moisturiser
wanted to try this since tatcha is a great br
was excited to try this br
used it at night and i liked it better then.
thank goodness it was sample .
disappointed because i love i tata products
honestly thought it was just the added fragrance
so that's why i was excited for the oil-free serum
i love the dewey look
i do recommend it to those who love this br
i dont think im super excited for all that to hang out on my already enlarged pores lol
disappointed that this didn't work for me
i love the feel of this going on
i need to preface this by saying that i'm a huge tatcha fan
this was what i thought
was very excited to use it
i felt like i had put s
i love the packaging
i don't feel any difference i think the tarte is a great br
this one is just ok for me
was excited to use it
i am uncertain how keen i am to try this mask again
i like this product a lot.
well i must say i love the color haha.
surprised i didn't read reviews first.
love origins mask, just not this.
i really wanted to like this mask
that's about all i liked
i tried this because i love the eye cream
i really enjoy using it
i loved the foam
i wanted to like it
i think it was just too gentle for me
i wanted to love this because of the other reviews
sadly this product is not for me.
this product i am not a fan of.
im not saying this is a bad product
i love this product!
am sad to say i'm utterly disappointed
not impressed at all.
i am not a fan of this product.
so far i'm not impressed
i liked this just ok.
i loved how it felt on my skin when i first applied
at first i wasn't sure
i loved how it would dry quickly
other than that i really did love this
i love trying out new stuff
only then was i not disappointed
bummer because i read such great reviews.
i wish i hadn't wasted my beauty points on this
i wanted to like this product
i wanted to like it
although i didn't hate it
i hate the way this felt on my skin.
i would love love love to buy this product just to try it out for a long duration of time
i wanted to like this
i wanted to love this
i started out loving this product i received in my sephora play
i liked that it was light
so at first i really liked this product.
it was just ok
lancôme is so well known that i was excited to try this
unfortunately i had a few breakouts myself
i like it a lot
i absolutely hated this!!
was bummed out about that
box, i was disappointed.
i wanted to love this product because of all the claims it based
this is my honest review.
all in all just didn't impress me
offering everything i wanted
i like it alright and i use it almost daily.
i love that it has spf
i am enjoying this product so far
i am still playing
very disappointed after reading all the great reviews
unfortunately i didn't have the same luck.
1st of all it was really thick which surprised me
had been wanting to try sunday riley products after do many rave reviews
i really wanted to love this product
happy for those who enjoy
i love the feeling of it
this one i was not a fan of at all
i really wanted to like this
wanted this product to work after reading all the great reviews
sadly made me wish i never used it.
i wanted to love this product because i love sr's luna oil
but my skin hated it.
i really really wanted this product to work.
i so wanted this to work
i love a good mask
i feel like it works
i actually enjoyed that part
i feel like i needed a lot of product for it to go om evenly
i feel like you can diy this
just not a fan of this one
im so glad i did not buy it
i liked the consistency of the product
personally it just felt like a mess
im glad i only asked for a sample.
i really wanted to love this product.
'm not 100% sure about my feelings on this product because of the 1 time try
the hype got me interested
was very disappointed with this mask
i liked the consistency
i love the original it worked amazingly well for me
was so excited to try it
i love trying anything
i really wanted to like this product.
wanted to love this mask.
thank goodness it was just a sample!
love this line but this mask was ok.
love boscia but not this.
glad i didn't apply makeup today.
i wanted to like this
i wanted so much to like this.
i believe i am done with this line.
im a big fan of all the other products ive used
i really like belif skin care product.
i really wanted to like it
i love the feel of the mask
i love the idea of this
was super excited to try it out
i do love the feeling of this mask.
i wanted to enjoy it so badly
loved the way my skin looked
really wanted to love this product
it really felt like i was at a spa
was super excited about using this product
really want to love your brand!
i never really post reviews on here
i really wanted to like this product
like i said i really wanted to like this product
ok i was so excited to try this
i really really really wanted to like this mask.
please be cautious w this product it made my skin terrible
disappointed this did nothing for me.
i think they are a great br
i wanted to love it though.
i like this product.
i didn't love it
i liked the way it cleansed my face
because i am a great fan of fresh
was so excited to throw it out
i really wanted to like this.
i am glad i didn't spend the money on the normal size
i want to love this product
i didn't love it.
i wanted to like this mask!
i wanted to love it
i didn't have a great feeling about it
i definitely like this product
this is one of those products i was extremely excited to try as i love masks
i love trying new products
i wanted so badly to love this
was really excited to try this mask
i feel like i am wasting so much product!
i knew this was it
i reallyyyyyy wanted to love this.
i really liked the packaging.
wanted to really like it, but nope
i loved how refreshed my skin felt just after the first use
i really wanted to love this!
the fact that it has natural ingredients really intrigued me
i like that idea of this cream
my t-zone felt good
i love that about it
i tried and i regret.
i really like this br
i love that they are cruelty free
i like this product
after reading all the great reviews i was excited to try this as i've been experimenting with skin care products
so i had to return it and i'm so bummed.
i really wanted to love this product because i've seen a lot of good reviews
i really really wanted it to work
i really like this
i really wanted to like this
i really liked this serum.
which is very upsetting cuz i love this
was so excited to try this as i love it cosmetics
i've heard such good things all over youtube
i love all the it products i have tried
i wanted to love this.
well....i wanted to love this.
at first i really liked it.
that i am use too
i decided to try this after seeing all the beauty gurus rave about it
knew i hated it
i love it products
i really wanted to love this but i don't.
i really disliked it
after seeing some reviews about this primer i was really excited to try it
i liked it on the back of my h
i really gave it a chance
i look as tired as ever.
very disappointed that this not only didn't work
my skin is really hard to please!
was really not impressed.
i am concerned with fine lines
i really wanted to like this eye cream
the girl working there said i should try this she raved about it
i am so disappointed with this product.
very disappointed, i did return.
big miss for me - boo.
i tought will help with fine line
i really wanted to love this eye cream.
i am very dry.
decided to try this due to all of the raving reviews
after reading reviews i was convinced this would be great
i really wanted to love this product
love tarte to death but oh my god what is this.
i really wanted to love this
was pretty excited about it since i had just tried the cc cream
not one i liked
was super excited about this cream
i really wanted to love this moisturizer because of all of the great reviews
sooo wanted to love it because i am addicted to face creams
i really wanted to like this product after reading other reviews
i am glad it is helping people
i really wanted this to work.
i loved the reviews
very disappointed with this product :
i am slightly disappointed by this product.
i really wanted to like this honestly, i tried.
sad to say i had to return it.
wanted to love it but didn't.
i really wanted to like it
i think this will look awesome
i loved the idea of spf
i wanted to love this
really wanted this to work for my sensitive
i've had very good success with dr
i doubt i will
i am in love whit it
i wish i understood all the positive reviews.
was really excited to try it as soon as i got home
i wanted to love this product
unfortunately, i couldn't love this one.
i really wanted to like this
thank goodness sephora has such a good return policy
i tried to love it
i do love boscia products
i am very disappointed with this product
so sad because i love caudalie.
thought i'd love it from the great reviews.
i really wanted to love this product
really wanted to like it
now i regret that i tried it again.
i really wanted to love this after reading the description
i wanted to love this product
i really wanted to love this product as it had good reviews
i imagined how light
i wanted to love this
other then that my skin felt amazing.
i wanted to love this product too.
was very excited because other products from kate somerville was a success for me
i wanted to love this
i really wanted to love this cream.
wanted to like this product
honestly, i was really disappointed.
i love the tatcha products all around.
i really really like this product.
i love to mix it into my foundation
i do love the brand though.
i really really wanted to like this.
at first i was like oh god no
i loved everything about it except for one thing.
think it's just that way with my skin which really blows because i loved so many things about it
i will say i am in love with that product completely
i wish i liked this more because i have the worst skin
i loved it at first
i would be thrilled about it
first thing i noticed was the beautiful packaging
i wish this worked better with my skin type
i am not thrilled with how this product reacted with my skin
i really wanted to like this
i love the idea though.
i did not love it
i liked the luxurious feel of the bar
i like the idea of this set
i really like the idea of this duo
i really dislike it
i really enjoyed the oil.
idk, it just wasn't really for me.
i really wanted to like this product more
sadly i'm not super happy with it
i just wasn't impressed honestly
to be honest i love the cleansing oil
i love the oil
its never been something i have been excited about
but i am disappointed.
i am glad other people had success with it though
over all this was ok.
i wish it came with that!
i like the idea
my super sensitive skin wasn't thrilled
i really liked this product
loved the way my skin felt
i love the packaging
i didn't really love the bar of soap
tried it out since is absolutely love origins products
i so wanted to love this but i just don't.
i wanted to love this eye cream
i think is eye cream is okay not in love with it
i feel like i wasted my points
i just hate it so much because it just looks i put a lots glitter in my face
when i received it i was super disappointed
sadly disappointed because i love this brand.
was excited to try it
i love the concept of this product
was really excited to try it
no disrespect to tarte because i love the br
i couldn't stop laughing at myself
was very excited to try it
glad that i did, because i hate this product.
i read a lot of reviews on this product.
was so excited to try them
i saw myself before going to work
i think alone it would be fantastic
tried it today and wow absolutely horrible.
honestly stoped being a tarte fan a long time ago because the products they keep trying to sell feel cheap
i love you, tarte, but just.. no.
i wasn't really having that
i loved how it felt on my face.
in all honestly i really did like the "glow" it gave me
i truly detest this
thank god i only have tried this as a 100 point perk
don't get me wrong i love tarte this was a miss!!
honestly i don't hate the product
when i first put it on i was like ok yas
i love a good highlight
i hate it, so disappointed.
mariah were doing it
was really excited because i love tarte
i really wanted to love this product
i love the idea of this product
a shame because i really love a lot of other products lancome makes
i liked the product for a primer!
which is one thing i’m not a fan of with lancome
wasn't impressed with the results
i really grew to like it
really wanted to enjoy this one…
i wasn't impressed with this.
i believe the consistency
because i had such a small sample i honestly cant tell much besides the fact i love the texture
i didn't see crazy results
i suppose this item could be loved by many people
thought it was just ok
i don't hate the product
i also don't love it
i love the white one much better.
despite that fact i liked everything about this product
i wanted to love this cream
i wanted to love this.
i love basically love all of her products.
this gave me no visible results which totally bummed me out
was shocked at how much i disliked this one
sorry kate but this is a no go.
at first i thought i loved it!
i do love it under my eyes
wished it would've work.
i am surprised kate would use so much chemical fragrance when it's not good for skin in the first place
but i like the idea of this product.
i am not a fan
i just hate the look of it on
at first i hated it
i really wanted to love this, but i just don't.
loved it i suggest getting the small size 1st because to me
i am pretty sure this gave me pimples.
it seemed really lightweight so i was surprised.
was pretty excited because i know this product has great reviews
i am shocked to see how many people say this product smells great
i even had my boyfriend smell it to make sure i wasn't crazy
i wish it would have worked since i love the smell
i really didn't like this product.
i wanted to like this so bad!
was so excited to use this product
was excited to try this since i have dry to combination skin
i really wanted to be
i am glad price was not too high to try it out.
i knew it was gonna be a gentle cleanser
this product is ok
everytime i used it
i wanted to love this
i really wanted to like this product
for me, this was just okay.
because i really wanted this to work
i am not sure about this product.
i loved the feeling of this on my skin
i really do like this primer.. alot!
i really wanted to love this
not a fan of this product
i love the feel of this on my skin
i wanted to love this product so much
i decided to try this out and was disappointed.
so disappointed with this product.
i even had people say how tired i looked
i wanted to love this because it feels amazing to the touch
that was doing ok
i really wanted something that wasn't oily
i wanted to love this
disappointed in this thank goodness i got it in my play box before i spent money on this
i love love love the way this product felt when i put it on
at first i loved it
very disappointed with this product.
i loved this when i got it in my play box
while i love the way it feels
i am not allergic to anything
honestly i just didn't really like it.
i used it and was not impressed.
not a fan of the feeling.
this was just ok.
personally i didn't like this product.
otherwise i love the idea
doesnt make me look wierd from afar
i wanted to like this so badly because i have loved every dr
i love love love the original pores no more primer
was hoping i'd love this
'm really bummed this didn't work
i liked a lot of things about this product.
but one thing i hated was the color.
not a fan of this which is disappointing.
was excited to try this since i travel a lot
i wanted to like this
anyways ive tried this for about 2 weeks now
i really wanted to love this.
i really wanted to love this product since i love clinique
what i have come to learn is that clarins loves to add fragrance to their products
sadly didn't wow me.
was so excited to try
very sad this didn't work for me.
i wanted to fall in love with it
i really wanted to like this--especially because of the price
i just honestly haven't really noticed a difference
let me say that i am disappointed in sephora for deleting my fair review of this product
i really wanted to love this after all the hype.
i really wanted to love it
i am in love trying new things.
others seem to love it.
idea behind this because i love both gel
i wanted to love this.
i needed to love this as i love all of the other tsubaki line products i've tried so far
i did love this
i don't hate it
gave me a good laugh
even though i love boscia products
super disappointing because so many people love it
i swear by the josie maran line so was excited for this
i enjoy using it
was excited because i'd been wanting to try argan oil
this was just no good which is weird because i love josie's products
" i really wanted to love this oil i take very good care of my skin
sorry josie i just was not impressed.
while i wanted to love it
however i am not happy with this product
didnt wear it while im trying this line
i think all skin types will love this!
i really wanted to love this product as it smells great
i unfortunately haven't had any good luck with sunday riley products
initially i loved this cream!
i wanted to love this so much
i really do love the sunday riley oils though
very disappointed because i loved the idea of the vitamin c in it
really wanted to love this sunday riley moisturizer because i am a huge fan of sunday riley
i wanted to love this so bad.
i literally tell everyone how much i love this br
i felt like i couldn't breathe with it on.
i love a lot of sunday riley's products
sorry but you're going back sister.
i wanted to love this as i wanted one less step in my skincare program
i wanted to love this since it sounded so good.
was very excited to try it after reading all the reviews
i loved how clean my skin felt after the first use
i loved the packaging
i heard the review is very good!
i wanted to love this one...but...meh.
i am really disappointed.
i wanted to love this soooooo much!!
here are my thoughts
i see some disappointed reviews for this product
when i finally did, i was really disappointed.
i just wasn't impressed at all
so bummed, i wanted to love this!
i must say it has really impressed me
it was so scared!
i am so disappointed
i really wanted to love it
i wanted to like this a lot.
liked that i didn't break out.
i've never been this disappointed
i love this product
i am a little disappointed in the packaging
bc i was excited to see it back in sale
i feel bad saying this because i know a br
i really wanted to love this
i don't hate it
i am not a fan
i honestly wanted to love this the texture is amazing
i guess i am the odd ball since it has worked for so many others
wanted to love it because i had bought he toner as well
i wanted to love it so bad
sorry, but this was a total miss for me.
was really excited to try this as i was attracted to the packaging
overall i'm not super impressed.
really wanted to like this because of the positive reviews
i don't love it
i really wanted to like this.
i really like the olehenriksen line
i didn't love this like i thought i would
was so excited to try it
because i love the sheer transformation cream
i love that this is lightweight
'm surprised this bothers me
i absolutely adore this brand.
unfortunately, my skin hates it.
i think this would work wonderfully
i think the idea of the packaging
i love that i pop open a new one of these
i really wanted to like this product
really wanted to love it
i wasn't sure it was this at first
yes, that's how i felt.
i really wanted to love it
i really wanted to love this product.
i wanted to love this product because it left a beautiful finish
i am shocked at how many people are not mentioning how unblendable this stuff really is
i can forgive the packaging
was super excited to try this out
i've always loved philosopy products
i heard this is great
i must say i was not super happy with it
i love the caudalie line
this one left me a little underwhelmed
i felt like this worked ok
i wanted to love this product so much.
i loved the way it made my skin look right after
i really, really wanted to love this product.
i find myself using more
which really bummed me out
which really bummed me out
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to believe the hype about this stuff
i really wanted to love this
i wanted to like it
i don't love it
i really wanted to love this product
everyone seemed to love it
i gave it 2 stars because i love the idea
i really love this product it's one beautiful
i don't despise it
while i feel it is lovely
totally disappointed in this product though
want so badly to love it
i got bored of it
when i tried it on my hand at sephora i loved it.
why everyone loves this so much
was excited to try it
but i was really disappointed when i got it.
i am totally not satisfied
as much i love farah dhukai
i really want to love this product
i wanted to love this so bad
well i hated it.
curiosity got the better of me
t was definitely this oil
i did love how the serum felt when applied on my skin
i wish you the best of luck!
i don't hate it
my foundation just looked soooo bad i cant even tell you
hope the rest of you loves have better luck
i mean i love this
why are people so obsessed?
i even liked it after i used it twice
finally got here and i was so excited to use it.
i really wanted to love this product
i loved how the base makes my makeup look
i really wanted to love this stuff because everyone is raving about it
i love the packaging
not sure about unicorn essence
from the moment i used this product i knew it wasn't going to benefit my skin
instagram i was excited to try this
so sad i wanted to love this :
i so wanted to love this
was super excited to try this!
kinda like i went to sleep with c
when i saw that her product would be available at sephora i was very excited
i really wish i could love it
honestly i was sooooo excited that sephora was carrying this
once i got my hands on it, i was jazzed.
i really really wanted to love it
i saw a bunch of beauty bloggers raving about this product
so sad it didn't work for me.
was simply not impressed
i do appreciate that the product is natural
lol i'm a huge fan of many of their other products
i love the erborian line so this purchase was a no-brainer for me
it has left me disappointed
i disliked this product
i really wanted this product to work for me.
i really wanted to love this since i read proactiv's ingredients
this, i'm sad to say didn't work.
i really tired to like this product because it has spf40
i am not crazy about it
i really wanted to like this
i absolutely loved the a perfect world with spf 25
glad i only bought one.
i really wanted to love this product.
i am so so disappointed.
i am extremely disappointed that dior changed an amazing formulation
really excited about the relaunch of this line.
i wanted to love this product so much
when i first started using this i immediately loved it
hate giving bad reviews.
again i love dior makeup
i did enjoy using this product.
i am really sad this did not work!
thought wow this product will work wonders
i really wanted to like this
i love clinique, but i will never get this again.
loved this product when i tried it in store.
again still in love with the product
i am not impressed with this product.
was curious to try it
was really excited to try this
i liked this mask okay
when i got this mask, i was so excited.
i must say i wanted to love this product!
i love trying new masks
however this mask i truly hate
i actually really liked it when i tried it out
i actually really enjoyed it
i really wanted to live this product
was pretty mad i paid $12 for it as well
when i saw this mask, i got very excited.
for $12 a mask no thank you
i wanted to love this product.
'm sure it's great for other skin types
im sure its wonderful for combination
kinda scared to use it again
i wanted so much to love this.
i read such great reviews
it was just ok for me.
i really wanted to like this
while i was incredibly excited to try this product
i wanted to love this cream
hated to, as i do love the jar design.
so sad that it didnt work for me..
i really wanted to like this because of all the reviews
was so excited to try it
soo wanted this to finally be what worked for my skin after reading the reviews :
i really wanted to like this.
it's really a shame because i will sing the praises of some other products in this line
liked that it felt lightweight
i love the feel of this cream.
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to like this since i love her original products
very disappointed in this sunday riley product
i wanted to love this
i soooo wanted to love this
i absolutely love the korres product line
i really wanted to love it.
i figured i would love this eye cream as well
i so wanted to love this product.
i love this line
wish i coulda used it.
i really wanted to like this product becuase it's natural
i love all of their other products
i really love the packaging
at first, i loved it.
i actually adore this line
was super excited to try it out
unfortunately, i just can't love it.
i never write reviews
i love love love the cleanser
i absolutely love this face wash.
i love it so much that my sister even tried it out
i really wanted to love it because i love drunk elephant
i really really wanted to love this cleanser.
while the product is ok
love all the ones i've tried
i really dislike the packaging
like but not a love!
was so sure id love it
for me, beste is just ok.
i really enjoyed using this face wash.
she really did love it
i just wasn't impressed
i love everything else
but this is kinda a miss for me.
i ended up being incredibly disappointed
if makes me sad
'm always trying new products
i wanted to love this so bad
i really wanted to like this product
it didn't do anything exciting for my skin.
i love the box
was very excited to try this out
i want to love this mask
despite being super excited to try it
now i am so conflicted about this product because although i despise its smell
i am so disappointed with this product.
i liked the consistency
overall, i liked the cleanser but didn't love it.
i am seriously disappointed with this product
i really wanted to love this.
i really would love to give it more stars.
i really want to love this item
it already shrank in size very disappointed because i really liked the concept of it
i liked the product
sad though, i hope it was a stronger product.
i love the product
i really like this product.
i enjoy using this
i definitely can say it is fun to use it
i love putting this on my skin.
thank goodness sephora is super nice
'm giving it 3 stars
i love watermelon anything
was so sure i'd love this
i really wanted to love this.
was really excited for this one
i usually love philosophy products
this one disappointed me
i really wanted to love this product
this product was alright.
i really wanted to like this serum
i love philosophy products
i tried this product
i really wanted it to work because i love some of their other products
i got it for myself in the gift set "think beautiful thoughts" i'll keep using it
i wanted to love this because i like philosophy products
disappointed considering what i spent.
i really wanted to like this.
i wanted to love it
which i love btw
wanted so badly to love it
i really dislike this mask
the product is ok
influenster i was super excited to give it a try being that i have super try skin
i wish i loved this moisturizer as much as i thought i would
i did not enjoy this product.
i am so so glad i did!
i love it so much!
i really enjoy the feel of this product.
i actually love this!
i adore almost every farmacy product that i've tried
three stars because i love the brand.
i love every single one of them
i think i was expecting to see something special with this
i wish i could love it
i so wanted to love this.
i love most tatcha products
i really wanted to love this due to all the great reviews
i wanted to love this
i loved the promise it came with
i loved that it had spf
love the spf in it
just in a week i was amazed
sadly it didn't work for me
nwas excited to try it out
thanks to this product i do now
i liked it quite a lot
i've heard great things from friends
i liked this product.
i would love to try it again
i didn't hate it but i also didn't love it.
i am sad it did not work for me
i am glad i didn't shell out the $$$ to purchase it
i am really dissapointed.
the first day i tried this i was very excited because it felt so good going on
however i was not impressed at all
so when i saw this i thought i definitely needed it
because i was soooo convinced this was going to be the most amazing product
i would love to return it
i wish i could return it, i am so disappointed.
i kinda figured something was up
i am glad i did
i wanted to like this product.
i like this product
am sure i would see great results like others
i didn't love it
which some people hate
it's a love hate relationship with ole henriksen products
i've heard such good things about this br
i think better than my purity ever did.
i didn't think it foamed all that great
i am very i am disappointed
loved it t first
i love ole henriksen products
i am very disappointed as the ole products are usually excellent
i like a lot of the line
i normally love ole products
i wouldn't say i'm impressed
i really wish i loved this product because it's very light-weight
i am definitely a fan of the texture/how it applies
idk how this has good reviews.
because i love a lot of things about it
i liked the container as well
i really liked how light it felt on my skin
i really wanted to like this product
loved the how light it was
i didn't see or feel anything exceptional when i woke up
i wanted to love this
ive always had a bit of combination skin.
not impressed with this.
i wanted to like this moisturizer because i've heard great things about this line
i really hated this cream
was really hoping into liking this
too bad as i liked the sent and packaging.
i really wanted to love this product
at first i liked this product
i so wanted to like this
i wanted to love this so much
i really wanted to love it
i wanted to love this serum so bad
i love ole henrikson products
i hate this part!!
because i hate hate hate the new packaging
don't love it don't hate it
i love of this product
i wanted to love it
i didn't see anything that impressed me
was so excited to try a new serum
was excited to try this because of the reviews.
not so excited when i actually used it.
i absolutely hated it
it is definetly going back
wanted to try this out cause my friend was raving about ole henriksons products
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to love it
i got this product expecting a great
i wanted to love this stuff.
it didn't give me the same excitement i get with other oh products
i wanted to love this cream so badly!
i see absolutly no difference in my skin
i hate sending things back
very disappointed in this product.
that is sad to say because i was so excited about this creme i feel the eyecream is the same way the eyecream is very waxy
i want to love this so bad.
well i really feel it all day
i really wanted to believe it was amazing
overall, i was very disappointed.
she liked it a lot
i am definitely returning this product.
it's unfortunate because i love philosophy!!!
i wanted so much to like this.
i still love it.
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to love this so much
i wanted to love this product
i tried to love it after reading so many reviews
however, when i got it, i was very disappointed.
i love how it makes my skin feel.
i love philosophy products
it has a great texture which i love
i so so so wanted to like this product.
i never write reviews
i wasn't happy with this product at all.
i really can't st
have really loved it
even my bf commented on it...not cool!
i read lots of good reviews about this product
think i can speak pretty accurately about my experience
i love philosophy products
i wanted to like this product
i truly hate to have acnes around my skin.
i am very sad to have to find a new moisturizer.
sad this did not work for me.
really disappointed in the product.
really disappointed that this didn't work for me.
i loved how this product dried
my eye area is absolutly the same.
it didn't live up to my expectations
i really liked how it helped de-puff my eyes
overall i love everything in the fresh line
i love those products
i am very disappointed with this product
i personally liked it better as a cleaner.
glamglow i was really excited to try this as i love the br
i truly have enjoyed this mask for years.
u was expecting a little bit more
let me start by saying i love the bar version.
my skin looks so aweful i am so embarrassed
i really regret getting this cream.
seems like i am allergic for something
their products feel fabulous
i love other caudalie products
i realized that's not its job
when purchasing this product i thought i would really enjoy it
great cruelty free skin care line just wasn't in love with this 1 cleaner
i will use it til i am done.
i felt compelled to write
although i love caudalie i did not care for this product
the reason i am giving this product 2 stars is because i hate it
sorry the honest truth.
i felt like i had to use a lot of product
the one i hated the most
was very disappointed when i got home
i detest that feeling!
i love the products
have always loved it
i usually love caudalie products
i am disappointed in the new formula
have always loved it
i am a big fan of caudalie products
i dont like that tight feeling.
i feel very disappointed.
i am not impressed.
very dissapointed because i love boscia products
it always felt like i was breaking it when i twisted it lol
i saw some great reviews on this
recipient raved about it so i got for myself.
got this because that stuff dryed my skin like crazy i thought the boscia was working
i really wanted to like this
i am a huge fan of boscia products however i am quite disillusioned about this one
this stuff was ok
that i really like
i think it helped
im a little disappointed it didn't last longer honestly
though i do typically love the boscia br
firstly, let me say i just bought this yesterday.
so i am done with them.
i really like boscia's products
it's nothing to be ecstatic about
was not overly impressed
think that's definitely a pro for this
thought i would try this one because i love the smell
really loved it at first
i love korres products but this one is ok.
she seems to be liking it
i wanted to love this
i really wanted to love it
i love that sephora is great about that
was very disappointed instead
hope she likes it
was excited when the black friday deal made this cleanser very affordable
i usually love this
i wanted to love this after hearing a youtube personality rave about it
it was so disappointed
its weird because my mom likes it
not thrilled with that.
i remember liking this a few years back
hate hate hate this face wash :( so overrated
i really wanted to like this product
it left me underwhelmed
i felt like a bar of soap would've done the same job
was really impressed at how great my face felt after
i got excited when i started reading reviews
i read a lot about murad products
this stuff saved me.
i heard great reviews on this product
i am not impressed.
i like this product
i tried this because of the good reviews
personally, i think this was a waste of money.
see absolutely no diference
i used as directed and am very disappointed.
i am very disappointed
completly dissapointed with the purchase.
not happy with this at all.
doesn'twork as well as what she told me.use ok.
i really wanted it to work for me.
she was so excited to use it
i am so disappointed with the
i really wanted this to work.
thank goodness i didn't spend any money on it
because i was so convinced by the marketing
when i tried it i was very dissapointed
i gave it two stars because i liked the packaging
im underwhelmed with this product.
i want it to amazing
this eye cream just wasn't for me personally.
let me start by saying i am a fan of this line
was disappointed in the product
sorry but i just didn't get it.
i wasn't expecting miracles
i really love the umbrian clay line
in all i felt like i wasted a lot of time
i think i was too nice
i really wanted to love this!
i really wish it worked
i see all these great reviews
bummed i spent so much on it.
kinda bummed purchased it after i got amazing reviews from sephora staff unfortunately i broke out so much i never break out
i really wanted to love this.
i find myself going back to my first love
i wish to like it
not really that happy with it
it was just ok
i loved it the first time i used the mask
sadly i didn't have any amazing results
that's about the only thing i liked about this cleanser
not a fan at all!
although i love other clarins products
i don't think it's for everyone which is sad because i really wanted to love this
not a huge fan of that
i felt like i had really thick
i still don't really love it
while i love the mask
i wish this had worked out for me
still it was nothing hat impressed me
not exactly the matte lol i had in mind....
purchased it i personally was very disappointed
i love the glamglow line
i tried to like this
i really really did
:( i was able to return it so thank you, sephora.
was very excited to try this product
i felt so oily i wanted to go home from work
i really wanted to like this because i have some other glamglow products that i really love
the price makes me want to love it
i love your other products
wanted to love the mega glow starter aswell
super dissapointed with this br
i wish i hadn't
although i am disappointed that it didn't work out for my skin type
if i would've bought it i would've been so sad to waste that much money
i am glad knowing its not for me
i wish it worked out for me
was very optimistic because i underst
i love this brand but this is a miss for me.
was really excited to try it out
i really wanted to love this product.
i personally didn't like this product.
i would have been pleased
really wanted to love this product
i always love clarins but not this one.
while i am happy with it
i love this product
i am glad that it was cheap.
i wanted to really like this product
im disapointed about this product
i didn't fall in love with it
everyone is raving about this
i really wanted to like this product.
i absolutely love the clarins line
i wish it had worked
that is why i love them
am always thrilled to get an oversized bottle
i honestly didn't feel teh differnce that much
t which work great on me
i love a lot of clarians product
upon first use i just wasn't that impressed with this
i love clarins' night cream though.
i am really sorry
to use it on myself
i looked very tired
this was a sample... thank goodness!
i usually love clarins products
was very excite to try this
i really was excited to try this out too :(
i learned the hard way.
i bet i'd love it
t products are wonderful
i liked how this worked on my skin
not a fan of this product.
i really wanted it to be a holy grail item for me
i read a lot of good reviews on this product
to me i felt like it was very greasy
sorry dr. brandt, i don't think this works.
i don't understand the raving reviews.
im dry everywhere else
unfortunately, i wasn't pleased with the effect.
i wasn't happy with this product
i tried this product
i hate products that initally feel silky
really wish it worked for me
not really a good investment sorry.
now i am "out" too
love the brand, but this did nothing for me.
overall i didn't enjoy the product as much as i thought i would
i wanted to like this
i loved it so much that i use it for eye cream
however, i was extremely disappointed.
so far i'm not thrilled with it.
i am not personally impressed
i am so sad that i cant use it anymore.
i now use josie moran spf and so far i love it.
i wanted to love this product because my favorite "youtuber" bunny meyer loves it
i loved using it
feels good when u put on
i take really good care of my skin
full coverage foundation which ive never had to do
loved it bc it absorbed really well
otherwise i liked this eye cream
when i first tried it, i loved it.
i guess my skin decided it was done with this product
i don't hate it
a lot of people seem to love it
wish i could keep using this wonderful product
i really wanted to like this product because it has a high spf
i wanted to like this product because of the high spf
very happy with the results
i really wanted to like this
really liked the consistency of it
i can't say that i was entirely disappointed
im sorry people out there who loves this product let me tell you what ive been experiencing with this eyecream i do put my eyecream in between my eyebrows first day it was okay
wow thank you s/a from sephora !!
they arent real makeup artist or real esthetician im so mad
i really wanted to love this
i really regret not returning
i'll start by saying that i love dermadoctor products
becuase i wanted an unbiased opinion
because i do like the br
very dissapointed that i wasted all that money.
i hate saying anything negative
i really feel bad
i'd like to say that i am 24
this product was a disappointment to me.
i guess i was expecting a great product for that price
i read some good reviews
was very pleased with them
:( i was really excited to try this product too.
so far, i'm not that impressed.
i am not happy with this product.
i wasn't completely satisfied with the anthony line
i love ole products
was excited for this one
love everything else i've tried from ole-
i really wanted to love this mask.
i think i was hoping for more of a tingle?
all those fun things
i remember i wasn't too impressed with it back then
am very happy with the switch
i love this line, though!
loving all the other ole products ive used
i really wanted to love this product
unfortunately my skin hates it
i've heard great things about ole henriksen products
i wanted to love this product.
clear skin any day thank you
and i have heard good reviews about it.
i wanted this to work for me but it didnt.
because i am a fan of the line
i heard great things about this cream
not impressed at all.
thank goodness for sephora's excellent return policy
didn't feel it worked for me
the second time, i was not impressed.
i really disliked this product and returned it.
i wasn't a fan of how this felt to the touch:
i really an disappointed because i love using actual yogurt as a mask on my face in the summer
i really wanted to like this product because i thought it would help with my extremely dry skin
i honestly was disappointed by this product.
i really wanted to like this since i absolutely love the overnight facial cream
i really wanted to love this product
i wasnt impressed at all
im very disappointed in this product.
i really want to love it because the texture does feel really really good
i liked this cream
i absolutely love how this cream made my skin feel
i really wanted this
i love korres products but this one isn't for me.
i wanted something natural
however, i am disappointed with this one.
as much as i wanted to love it
i am overly disappointed.
i am disappointed in you
i am such a huge fan of hope in a jar
i expected to love this
i love what it does for my lips
i am a fan of philosophy products
i love philosophy products
becuase i have some very good products for my lip already
my face absolutely hates this soap.
was not impressed with this one
i really wanted this product to work-i have very oily
i really hate this soap!
i love this because it is so easy.
it made me mad seeing all the good reviews when the truth is this soap isnt very good at all
liked them very much
i got this product because of the reviews
really tired of people saying i look tired!
i love the feel of this product.
i liked it ok.
when i first tried this product i was impressed by the consistency
i wanted to like this product
i liked how it foamed up though.
but i was extremely disappointed in the product
the first time i tried this product i loved it!
thank god i got a sample.
these guys deserve a 10 out of 5 stars
i am satisfied with it
i am definitely disappointed because the texture
i really wanted it to work
i think i should just stick with my holy grail
i wanted something stronger
i am very disappointed.
at first i loved it.
i loved how it applied
i really wanted to like it
i know so many ppl who swear by this
thank goodness sephora has a great return policy.
i am here to say that im not pleased with it
was so excited to try it i mean i have super duper oily skin
within 3 hours my face is sooooo oily glad i didn't purchase it
thank god i got the travel size.
i wanted to like this because i love the lotion.
i gotta say while i love the first two steps of clinique's line
i also didn't love it
i dont think this product is good for my skin
i tried it again after like 2 months because i really liked how it worked under my makeup
i love all things roses
i wanted to love this.
i really like it
i honestly didn't really like it
i would feel much happier about the product
i love how it feels
wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to like this product sooooooo much
used to love this product
i love that it has a high spf
that was my expereince with it
even though i love the spf
i really wanted to like this balm because of all the great reviews
i am so disappointed
ugh very disappointed in this product!
am loving how my skin looks
i loved that it already had spf in it
i realize it has spf
i love almost every murad product
beleive me i know what i am talking about
i love the murad products
i love the fact that it has spf 15
i really wanted to like this form
i absolutely love the oil
i didn't have the great experience that many reviewers had
i know it has i think
i love caudalie very much.
i appreciate that this product is natural
this was just ok for me
i gave this product so many tries to impress me
thought i would love the cleanser just as much
i like this product
i just thought this product was okay for me.
was really excited to try it
sadly, i was disappointed.
i hate giving this a less than amazing review
i wish i could have loved it
i've always heard amazing things about clinique.
unfortunately i absolutely cannot st
i read so many great reviews.
finally decided to buy it cus my porefessional wasn't doing much for me
glad i tried it.
i only bought this product because i heard so many good things about it
i just wish it liked my skin
i wish this worked for me
i really, really wanted to love this!
not the best to ever grace my face
i don't hate it or love it.
this one is just disappointed!!
knew it wasn't my makeup forever foundation
i felt like it didn't mattify my skin
thank god i didn't buy the full size !!!!!
my mom loves this stuff
i love it otherwise
i really wanted to love this product.
didn't wow me at all
i liked the packaging
not very impressed with this product.
was really disappointed with it
i really thought i would love it
overall, i was very disappointed.
i really love my rose face cream.
not a bad product, just wasn't impressed by it.
i wanted so badly to love this product
was expensive and i'm very disappointed.
i am not happy with this product at all.
i loved it for that purpose.
i loved everything about this- the spf30
was really excited to try it
i am in love with them
i am seeing results
i love how this product is very gentle
i love the feel of this product
i don't hate it, but i don't love it.
thank goodness i didn't pay for it.
i would love to have my $200 back.
i really wanted to like this cream
as i love a nice
i really hate this cream.
i felt very skeptic and am dissapointed.
i really wanted to love this product
i got this after hearing all the great things about it
i liked this enough for a while
i guess this is ok
for myself the product is a miss
very disappointed in this product
i am actually a fan of clinique
heard a lot of good reviews.
i gave it a 3 because i love how it sets my makeup though
honestly love using this product all over the face
i didn't think this night cream was that great
i tried this product
i am really trying to find a moisturizer that i love
i love all the shiseido products i use except this one
i wanted to love this eye cream
i really wanted to like this
so when a sephora employee recommended this product to me i was excited to try it out
i wanted to love it
live the feel of it
i really wanted to like this product
i really wish i could love this product
i wanted to love it as this came highly recommended to me
i love most of the shideido products
i really wanted this to work
i desperately wanted this stuff to work
i wish it had spf
i've liked other shiseido products better
i am sorry to say this product was very disappointing
was so excited to try it because of all the wonderful reviews
i really wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like it
i wanted to love this
i really loved how foamy it became though.
not that mouisturizing as i would've liked considering i have combination skin
i love this line by shiseido
i am a big shishedo fan but not this product.
i absolutely hate it!
hate hate hate hate
it was very sad
what i wanted was for it to give me a glowing skin
i liked it at first
i really wanted to like this.
i love how thick
she actually loves it
this product was just ok.
i love clinique because it's great for my sensitive skin
i so wanted to like this eye cream.
i wish i loved this eye cream
i got this because i wanted something for the fine lines around my eyes
i am very disappointed with this product
i am satisfied with it
2nd time clinique disappoints me!
i instantly loved it
liked that it was gentle
i like the product
i just feel ambivalent about it
am not too disappointed
really wanted to love it
thought it was just alright
but so far i still hate it!
sadly, this product didn't work for me.
i really wanted to like this product
i must say that i just haven't loved it
sad to say that after loving ren for many years
i wish i loved this product because i love the moisturizer
i liked that it was gentle
i am so disappointed with this product
it felt really weird
i liked it a lot
i love the idea of this br
the product didn't live up to me expectations
really wanted to like this.
disappointed it didnt' work for me.
i commented on it
i am so disappointed with this product.
this product is great to use after crying.
its very sad since i love other ren products.
good stuff when i remember to use it.
pretty disappointed, i had high hopes for ren.
i like to keep my skin care pretty natural so ren is a great br
which was surprising since i love my other ren products
i dont feel the tingle
i really wanted to like this eye gel
which could explain why i'm not really thrilled with this product
i looked like i had a really bad night
i am very pleased with it
was excited after reading the reviews.
just like i read before
i absolutely love the br
i liked how it was not overly oily
was told that the ren products would be good for me
i fully reccommend other fantastic ren products
i initially really liked this because it made my skin look amazing in the morning
i guess thats my fault
it's too bad because i really loved the effect ren had on my skin
i guess i expected great things because of all of the reviews i read
thought i would love this
i love the product
please hear our cry
i am generally happy with the product
love the product, hate the new packaging
i absolutely enjoy the product
love the product, but hate the new packaging!
i never write reviews
that's when i knew this product was not for me
thought i liked it
i really like this product
i really wanted to like this stuff.
really bummed about that.
which i am not a fan of
i really wanted to love this.
i read so many great reviews
i got really excited
i really wanted this product to work.
i tryed it a few time
i am not amazed by this product.
i wanted this to work so badly
i know a lot of people love the new formulation
sadly i am not one of them
not for the better lol
was really hopeful as it has god-like reviews
really, i'm just not in love.
i read amazing reviews about this product
i am always inclined to think highly of philosophy products
philosophy give me my microdelivery back!!
totally different feel and results.
was excited for this product to arrive
ultimately i was disappointed
loves hence why i tried it
i wanted to work for me too
i am not a fan of silicone-containing products just because i don't enjoy the feeling
i am very pleased with the results
i love this stuff.
was not thrilled at all with this product.
my skin is awesome if i stick wth only the clinique 3 step
i love clinique everything else!
i really loved the way my skin looked
i feel it was a waste of money--i noticed little
i guess i thought with product was something different
not greasy which i liked
at first i was excited about getting this product
i am so sad this didn't work for my face!
i really wanted to love this
let me start by saying i love fresh.
i am crazy oily
i do like the lightweight feel of it
i can see myself really liking this in the summer when it's humid
i really wanted to love it
i honestly feel like this made my skin worse.
so i was not happy with this product!
i liked this at first
after using it i liked how clean my skin felt
i tried this after going a little crazy about my acne
i still love clinique
i knew the clinique had to go
normally i have loved everything that clinique has produced
dont think i'll be getting a 3rd
i really was bummed to see that it barely made a difference
i am really hoping so!!
i really wanted this product to work for me!
i love how my skin feels so soft the next morning
i am very happy with this purchase
though i love caudalie products
anyway, nice feel and results.
i like it, but i'm not in love.
wish this worked out for me
i expect a product that wows me
i love the feel of this night treatment.
i've never had the beautiful perfect skin look i crave so badly
i am always very careful
seriously, that's what my skin felt like.
i liked it as i put it on it fealt very smooth.
it was just ok
i really want to give this product more stars because i read great review
so i was really rooting for this to work!
disappointed with this product.
this product was okay.
which i was pleased about
i am not crazy about this product
i usually love boscia products
for me to love a product
i wanted to love this product.
i am a big fan of boscia
i love all sephora products
this product is definitely one that i was very disappointed with
at first i liked how soft my face felt
overall i am disappointed
very disappointing-i usually love clinique.
i loved the primer
i really wanted this to work.
i really wanted to love this product
i think that i misunderstood the description-- it "calms
really wanted to like this
this irritated my skin--which really surprised me
for the $ i was disappointed.
thank goodness sephora has a good return policy.
i am not happy.
i will always have it in my beauty bag.
wanted to like the product
i loved what it did to my face
i loved the product
i really wanted to love this product
im sad that it didn't work out for me
i definitely was not a fan of this product.
loved this when i first started using it.
i really enjoy a lot of ren's products
once again i am disappointed
i really wanted to love this product
i wasn't too impressed with this product.
i am not impressed
love a lot of their products
i felt it was so annoying to deal with
i really wanted to love this
this scared me a little too
my skin was awesome on the days i did use it
i really wanted to love it especially since it's so expensive
i kinda regret buying it.
this cream has worked wonders because although i am worried
the good reviews i saw
i am content to know this is who i am
i really wanted to like this.
so disappointed with this product.
i really thought that this product would work
i really wanted this to work well.
i really liked how it felt
i love that about it
i am incredibly disappointed because it feels so good when applying
i initially really loved this stuff
i feel like i could've gotten better results from a drug store br
i really wanted this to work for me based on the reviews
i love clinique so much
i want to love it
i love clinique don't get me wrong!
i really wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to like this as i love the texture
got this in my play box, and was super excited.
idk if when i am completely out of lotion
was pretty glad i didn't buy the whole tub
i loved the way this felt on my skin initially.
i like this product.
i wanted to love this so so badly.
was excited to try it
i personally did not care for that at all i felt like i smelled like a flower shoppe
i think i was expecting something more gently
i really wanted to love it
i personally have had better luck with algenist.
i don't understand the rave reviews.
though i really wish it had worked for me since i like perricone products
i absolutely love perricone products.
i wanted to love it because it got so many positive reviews
i hate having to find a new skin care product.
i really really wanted to own a perricone md product
loved the way it worked with my claisonic.
other reviews ii was expecting something nice
i am disappointed in this product
i get really paranoid about my eyes therefore i am always in a hunt for a real good cream
i can say that i am so disappointed
very disappointed that this product didn't work for me
feel they age me so muchi i respect dr
although i suppose this product felt nice going on
unfortunately i got a reaction to this product
i heard so many great things about this product
was very disappointed about the results
the rep at sephora raved about how great the product was
i really wanted to like this
i love this line
i am completely disappointed in the perricone line
i really wanted to like this.
i wanted this to work
was excited to try it
acne wasn't what i meant when i said i wanted my skin to look younger
i know a lot of people love this line
i actually really like ole's products
i read so many good reviews
this product was just okay for me.
also the smell of this is very strong i wish i could have liked this product:
i wanted to love this product.
i wanted to love it sooo much!
i didnt saw a moisturising part to be completly honest
i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because i appreciate the fact that there isn't any fragrance
i really am not impressed by this product.
so sad to say that i am going to be returning this product
i like it but i do not love it.
i absolutely hate this.
this day cream for me is just ok
i really wanted to like it.
i recently got this product on my sephora play subscription box ❤ at first i was happy because i wanted to try more skin care products
i love the feel
i am extremely glad i didn't buy the full size because this just did not work for me
i am not happy at all with this product.
i liked the way this cream made my face feel
i love the thought behind this product
i don't completely hate it
i love the feel of my skin after using both
i wanted this to work
this just felt okay
this product really disappointed me
i read a lot of good reviews about the product that's why i decided to try it
this products was alright.
i didnt like this at all.
i must say i am a little disappointed with this product
i guess i was expecting something much more luxrious
that's my first thought every time i open it
i wanted to like it
hate it but stuck with it.
i absolutely loved it.
i wish it was better!
i am not absorbing it completely
in fact i love them h
i love this mask.
i love the way it feels on my skin
i am so upset of this product
was excited to try it
okay this is a "okay" product.
i really struggled with the rating of this product because although i loved the product
loved the actual product.
i honestly doubt that
i am so disappointed with this product.
tbh i wanted this because of the pump
i liked it so much better.
this doesn't impressed me there is no wow factor
not in my skin too bad coz i like the product very much
i wish i fell in love with this product.
was excited at first
one of the ladies in the skin department basically told me i was crazy when i mentioned my skin felt tight
i wanted to love this.
i love ptr so was really surprised at how much i dislike this product
thank goodness for sephora's amazing return policy
i wasn't happy with the results
was very excited to try this product
i really have no idea
i am so very upset as this is one of my favorite serums
i found that i wanted it to work
i love this but hate the price.
it really does work great and i love it.
maybe i am crazy
i tried really hard to like this product
am super bummed that it was so disappointing
i absolutely love clinique
i love almost everything clinique
i like this one a lot
am glad i chose this one
it made me look like i had roscea
i am very dissapointed in this product
i've heard good things about clinique
i think it got me there.
i am very disappointed in the product now
i wasn't super impressed.
i don't hate it but i'm not in love with it.
i love that superdefense has a 25 spf
take pride in thier products
i am pretty impressed with this cleanser
once in a while i try something that's come with praise
love everything about this product
but now it becomes a hate-love product for me.
not too happy with this product.
i am very disappointed
i loved it for the first week
i loved how thick
i do appreciate the fact that it has spf in it since i am so fair
plus i love anything with spf
liked it at first
this product is just ok.
my skin did not love this.
very disappointed in this product because murad products are great
i so wanted to like this
wanted to love it after reading all the great reviews
which i liked for a bit
i liked it because it was free
i love lancôme skin care
'm not the best judge of this product
i am 62 and look much younger.
because i really like lancome
have not loved or hated it
i happen to love the other products
having read so many positive reviews of this product i was quite excited to try it out
i really wanted to love this.
thank goodness this was a sample!
im not sure about the fine lines
disappointed with this entire lancome line.
i really wanted to love this
i love other perricone products
i am normally a big fan of perricone products
wasn't impressed with this product.
sorry, not for me.
i would think by noe i would see some difference
i am still having mixed feelings
i think a lot of it was my own fault
i am sure this is a great product
to say that i am disappointed
i hope i see a difference soon!
i really liked that it was light weight
sad this didn't work for us
was kind of bummed after trying this.
i guess because i'm getting older
it didn't wow me
this moisturizer was a must have for me since i loved all other products from the kate somerville line
it makes me so sad that i had to return this
i like it a lot.
i really wanted to love this from all the rave reviews
i really love some of kate somerville's products
i wish it were for me
i got a sample of this because i had heard such great things
i tired to deal with it
while i have loved every other kate somerville product i have purchased this simply did not moisturize my skin
i really wanted to like the kate sommerville line
i very much wanted to like this product because i know some people have had great success with it
so disappointed with this product
i will never listen to a sephora sales rep again
i wanted to love this
i wasn't happy with most of them
not impressed with this product.
i wanted to love this
because i love kate somerville's other products
i also absolutely hate the packaging.
t's not my favorite for everyday use
i hated the consistency
was alright with it
i wanted to love this cleanser so much
horrible skin irritation couldnt even go to sleep cus my skin was
i heard good things from other people
i am not a fan.
i really wanted to like this because i loved the eradikate
'm pretty confused at what the point of this stuff is?
wasn't all that impressed
i love the idea of this product.
my skin drives me crazy!
there are some other kate somerville products that i love
which is disappointing especially since i love km's other products
really disappointed all around here
i've never had any luck with kate somerville products so this is just another miss for me
i think kate has wayyyy better products in her line for problem skin
i don't remember ever being disappointed by a kate somerville product
was excited to try them
i love how this feels going on
i felt like it did a great job
i wanted to love this product because i heard this br
i am very disappointed with the new formula.
i wanted this to work so bad
i think i even convinced myself that it did
for my skin anyways
disappointed - feels like a cheaper product.
was excited to try it
after reading many reviews i was really excited to try this moisturizer
i am glad last time i both 2 jars.
i've loved this for a long time
really wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this product.
i know kate sommerville products are great
so thankful i didn't buy this
i loved the feeling
i wanted to like this product
for the money i would like to be wowed
not happy with this product.
i love these products
it think it's only fair to say i was disappointed
wish i could rave about this product like the 2 other reviews
i wanted to love this product after reading paula beguon's raving review on it
i do want to say that i have loved many other kate summerville products so this was a surprising disappointment
this has been the only kate somerville product that i am not thrilled with
i really wanted this to work for me
loved the way this felt on my skin
i liked how it felt when i put it on
i am grateful that sephora take back any products that aren't right for my complexion
i wanted to like this but i really disliked it.
am in love with it
once i finish this since i don't see the wow factor
i love the way this product feels
had heard good things about this br
was excited to try this
it really hasn't wowed me like i thought it would
i wanted to love this product
i really like amorepacific products.
ts not a huge thing for me
it amy work well for other but it wasn't for me.
is going to rig something up for me lol
i normally love this br
was excited to try this
i guess they just decided "wow its pretty"
anyways i saw this
super disappointed in this product.
was excited to try it
first, let me say i love this company.
i always felt pretty when i used this
i liked the feel of the product
was very excited to try it
i love the feel
i found that to be amazing
i love the product
i am completely bummed that my skin looks worse
i really wanted to love this stuff!
if i only wanted a nice feeling
90 dollars later its nothing im so sad i wish i had tried the perricone md oil instead
i am a big murad fan
so i was excited to try ths one.
i really liked this serum for a few reasons: first
i can't say my experience with it was at all great
i am extremely displeased with this item.
i am so disappointed that i payed so much money for this
t products i wasn't happy with this
really disappointed with this product.
ing to why i feel this way…
not impressed with this product
i literally never write product reviews
i really wanted this product to work
i really wanted to love this product
i wasn't pleased because i've heard of great things with this br
i really liked this product
i tried this and was not impressed.
this product is ok
i really wanted this to work
i am glad this works for some people
i liked that the bottle was dark as well
i am so disappointed that i would never buy perricone products
i cannot express how very disappointed i am with this product
am not very impressed
i sooo wanted to like dr perricone products
i don't hate it, but i don't love it.
"wow this stuff is amazing
i guess i'm one of the ones who lucked out on this product
i really wanted to like this mask from clinique
what a shame...i love all of clinique's products
i am incredibly unhappy with this product.
this product is ok
my skin normally loves caudalie
i wanted to love this product as iam usually a huge fan of anything caudalie
i love this brand though.
i really wanted to love this
i really hoped to like it
pretty happy i didn't buy the whole product.
i've heard good things about this br
was excited to try it
i really thought i would love this.
i really wanted to like this due to the positive reviews
i wanted to love this cream because it felt so nice on my skin
love the idea of a powerful
thank god no money was spent on this because it smelled so bad i couldn't h
i wanted to love this product
so glad i got this a vib goft as i certainly wld have brought it back if i pd for it
i guess it works
terrible i definitely wont be purchasing
im glad i got it as sample i used it ones
i actually loved the way this product worked
i really wanted to like it
thank god, i got a sample and not the full size.
i really wanted to like this product
i like this product
was excited to try it
i really wanted to use this
i remember thinking that they were overreacting
was excited to try it
thank god i got a sample and didn't buy.
i never write reviews but always read them.
i liked that it was greasy
i am pleased with the results
i am not too crazy about it
i am not a huge fan.
and i am not a huge fan of the scent either.
i liked the feel of the cream
was really excited to try this
thank you sephora for having a great return policy
i really liked the way it felt on my skin
my friend liked it though.
really liked it as first
it also feels cool on contact which i love.
i truly do love it
thank goodness it was a gift.
thought this would be just as lovely
very disappointed in this
i felt like this would a the product for me
when i first got this product, i loved it.
very disappointing as i usually love lancome products
this is just ok.
i loved how it was absorbed
i wish it was foamier
i liked it enough to go out
t was sad for me to not love the cleanser
i wanted to like this
loving it for that
i feel like i'm the only one that doesnt love this product
my skin loved it
i like it but i am not in love with it.
i don't hate it
i wanted to like this product
so naturally i wanted to love this too
i just dont see an incredible difference
i absolutely hate this product.
for someone like myself
since i still have alot left to go
i love every other fab product i've tried
im not happy about the product
overall, i liked this product.
i wanted to really love this because of how affordable it is
i really wanted to love this product
i definitely noticed that it made me look very greasy
normal skin would definitely love this
this is so raved about
i really wanted to like this product
ive always had kind of clear skin
i wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this!
i wanted this to help
love almost every fab product.
people seemed to love it or hate
very, very disappointed, i wanted this to work!!
i liked the feel of the product
i really wanted this item to work for me
i really love this br
i didn't really care for this product.
i really wanted this to work seeing as how much i fell in love with the face cleanser
i really wanted to like this serum
i think the product is ok
i really wanted to like this as i am generally loving this line
i like the product
i like the way my skin feels after i use it
i really love first aid beauty
was very hopeful when i read about this product
this product has been ok
i did not repurchase because i wasn't "wowed" by it
needless to say i was less than impressed.
i never saw any results that everyone else is raving about
i wanted to love this product
i really want to love this item
i really wanted this to work
i liked the product
i just was not impressed with shiseido.
i so wanted this to work
i am extremely dissapointed
very disappointing because i like dr
i am usually left feeling kind of underwhelmed by dr
i would love to gush about the wonderful mattifying properties
i really wanted to like this product.
i liked how this felt on my skin
am really unhappy i wasted my money
was super excited to try out
i just really wan't impressed with this.
i wasn't very impressed
i like this but it is not my favorite.
i wanted to love this cream
sadly this product was a miss
sadly this product was a miss
i wish i would've listened to the reviews on this before buying
i love the bosica line.
i wasn't a huge fan of the greasy feeling it gave me while i used it
i wanted to love this after seeing all the amazing reviews
i really like this product!
i knew i had to try to
i am sure this product works beautifully
i really enjoyed the formula
not to bash this product i love murad other products
this did not work for me im glad i tried it
i wanted to love it i was so excited about it.
was disappointed when i finally did
i really wanted to love this cleanser
i liked it but wouldn't buy it again .
i like this line a lot
i hate the bottle so much
i dont like this product at all!
really hate the container
i feel i wasted my money
i loved this product the first week i used it.
really wanted to love this
i've heard so much good stuff about f.a.b.
i definitely am dry
i wanted to love this.
wasn't all too impressed
i personally don't like products that use a lot of dimethicone because it always gives me r
needless to say i gave this moisturizer away to a friend that loved it
because while i love the pump
i just wanted this because it looks fun to use
i guess it works?
i wanted to love this, but i couldn't.
i hate to be the one to give bad reviews
really wanted to like this product
my coworkers still say i look extremely tired.
im reading all of these fabulous reviews thinking
thats why i had to give this 2 stars.
really wanted to like this product
however, i was really disappointed.
i can't give this serum a chance to wow me -- the scent is way too strong
i wanted to love this stuff
i really liked how this cream left my skin
loving it untill i relixed it is really expensive
i do however love the mask version of this!
not happy about this product.
wanted to love it but wasn't for me.
very disappointed in this product.
i am a big dior fan, but not with this product.
i find the product nice
i really liked the way this felt on my skin
i like this product but don't love it.
needless to say i quit this product
i am sad to say that this product did nothing for my skin
i really wanted this to work.
i wanted to love this eye cream
soooo very glad that i just got a sample of this stuff before i actually bought it
for the price it shouldve done something
it looks like i am crying all day
i love perricone, and wanted to try this.
i really wanted to like/love this product
perricone has some awesome serum based products that i truly love
i wanted to like this product
after reading a lot of good things about this product i thought i'd try it
i usually love perricone products
i also feel that i look more awake
it did feel wonderful when i applied it though
was amazed at how many people agree
i liked it at first
while i love what the product does
so overwhelmingly strong that my dog gets excited
i love this brand.
i wanted so badly to love this product because it's so comprehensive
love this brand but this was sooo oily.
i love the all-in-one idea
i really wanted to buy this product
i wanted to love it because it has such a nice texture to it
i really wanted to like this face cream
i really liked the consistency of this product
i like this product
i kept pushing forward because i wanted to love it
for the price i think it is just ok
i really wanted to love this
was excited to try this face cream.
i really liked it at first
i hate saying that because i wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this product
i do not love this product
i am not a fan
okay, so i was soooo excited about this product!
argh i really wanted to like this...:(
very disappointed by this product
i tried this one because i heard good things about ren
i wanted to love this stuff.
i liked how it didn't dry my skin out
i am disappointed to say that my face is broken out
i really liked how it felt on the skin
i really liked the concept of this cleanser--that it would be gentle
i absolutely loved those things
i really thought this was a great br
i really wanted to love this
i got this because of all the good reviews.
i love the pump
i realize my mistake
i tried to love it.
soooo glad i tried a sample first before spending $34 on a bottle
sorry but don't waste ur money!!
i got this last month i wanted to see what the hype was about
thank you very much for the surprise face wax.
very disappointed since i was expecting results with all the buzz videos on instagram etc
my skin still feel so agitated i hate this
disappointment of a product for me):
i am overall not impressed with this mask.
i usually love boscia products
that just shows how passionately i feel against this mask
super bummed that it didn't work
how everybody else was raving about it
i knew i had to try it
when i tried this mask i was completely disappointed
i never ever write reviews
i am so disappointed in this product.
i wanted to love this mask!!
once i actually tried it i was disappointed
i am extremely disappointed with this product.
i really wanted to love it but i can't.
i didn't hate it, but didn't love it either.
all of this combined, i was not a fan.
got a sample because my boyfriend kept bugging me to that he wanted to try it because he saw videos of guys doing it on instagram
i wanted to like this product
really have to be honest
i like this product.
figured i'd enjoy this as well
i love ole products
i wish all of the ole products had pumps
i absolutely loved it
wish i'd read the reviews!
i really like this br
i really love ole henricksen products
i really that it has spf
i am a skin care junkie who loves trying new products
i love almost everything i get here
it usefull i hope for some weeks
i really wanted this to work!
they thought i was 30
sorry clinique, but i'm moving on.
i really want to love this eye cream
i love the fresh line
i am much happier
i am afraid i had to return it.
very disappointed in this cream.
i love the thick
i am disappointed in the murad cream.
i decided to try this bc people raved about it
i wanted to love this cream but it was just ok.
it wasent very moster using
it really felt like i was putting h
the product is just ok.
this product just couldnt compare
totally disappointed with this product.
at first i loved it
not for me sorry
hello i love bobbi brown products all of my makeup is from them
i love love love her eye cream
was excited to try this face cream
so was excited to try her skin-care products
i got this product
to be honest at first i loved it
honestly this product is just so/so for me.
i wasn't disappointed with it
i usually really like this br
i wanted to like this
which really makes me angry
i really wanted to like this
i liked this eye cream a lot at first
i am very disappointed
so many people raved about this
when i saw everyone raving about this product i just had to try it
i am very disappointed with the product
i got this after a friend told me it worked really well
'm guessing i'm allergic to something in this cream
i feel like alot of people get pretty fast notice
although i really love the scent of this product it is just ok
seeing all the glowing reviews of this product made me really excited to try it
i think i will just stick to my dr
i really wanted to love this.
i wanted to love it
i love this stuff!
i do like it a lot and i love bobbi products.
i really wanted to love this product.
pretty disappointed that this product did not work for me
i actually enjoy using it.
so sad but i returned it :/
wanted to love this so badly!
i really wanted to love it
i am really disappointed in this.
i really wanted to love this product
was so excited to try it
not a fan at all.
i really wanted to love this eye cream
because i love so many bobbi brown products
i look like i'm crying
i wish i never bought it.
i wanted to like this, i swear!
i love the packaging
i really wanted to love it especially since it's so expensive
utterly amazed at how affective this product is
gooky mess i would be thrilled
i liked how it looked
i really wanted to love this product.
i am totally disappointed
i feel like this is trust the beginning
was so excited about this product.
i hate returning things
i really think this whole br
definately not what i thought.
one of my friends absolutely loves it
i wasn't expecting miracles
i hate the way it makes my face feel
not too happy with this product
i'll definatly return this product.
i am so disappointed especially based upon other peoples reviews
sadly, i didn't see a difference.
i've had a really good history with ren products.
so far i am pleased
am not happy with this product at all
which i love btw
wish it worked for my skin
i really liked the feeling of this moisturizer going on
i wanted to love it
i appreciate that it has spf 30
i'd like to start out by saying that i am a dermadoctor fan
just didn't love what i got
i so wanted to love this product!
i wish it worked for me
i wished this would have worked for me it has a wonderful concept
really wanted to love this
i am very fair
since i am a foundationaholic, not for me!
disappointed in this product.
when i tried this on in the store i really loved the concept
i really wanted to like this product
overall i was very disappointed in this product
i really didn't like this eye product
i saw all the awesome reviews
did not love this.
i love this formula.
i like the product
felt great on my h
i gave this product 2 stars because i loved the softness
wanted to love this because of price point
i hate the new formula !
it wasn't something that shocked me
feels great on the skin lol
i am very disappointed.
i like the feel of this product.
i really wanted to like this product
as much as i wanted to love this product
was delighted when the br
i hesitate to write such comments for such a lovely br
for the price, i was immensely disappointed.
i wonder about this
i nearly scared myself
i am sad to say i won't be buying this anymore because of the terrible bottle
i immediately loved it
so disappointed as i thought i had found my holy grail eye cream
i love my other caudalie products
i am not sure how i feel about this cream.
i am not impressed at all.
i liked the feel of this cream
because i normally love caudalie's products
what is not to love.... ?
i am really not happy wasting so much lovely cream every day
like everyone else, i love the product.
i got this mouistorizer on a kit and i hate it.
i love this stuff
i wanted to love this product.
i really liked the benefiance wrinkleresist24 "night" cream
i really wanted to like this eye cream
i love, love, love the age defence cream.
i am very disappointed in this product
i wish i could say i love this cream
at first i loved it
really wanted to love it after i was told how amazing it was
because i really wanted this product to work
i would've loved to keep this product
what i initially loved about it
i guess i was hoping for a miracle product
i read the reviews of a product like crazy before purchasing
i used this entire thing religiously
i soooo hoped this was going to be my answer to huge pores
i ws greatly dissapointed in this product
i am very disappointed.
since i love the other perricone products
very disappointed in this product.
i love some other perricone products
i love this product
really wanted to like it
it was just ok
at first i love this stuff
sad i spent so much for this.
really wanted to love it because it did visibly brighten
makes me wonder who is writing all those glowing reviews??
i love the night time cream these guys make
i like but am undecided if i love.
was so excited about this product
i am soooo upset!
was really disappointed with the results
i must say that is awesome
was quite excited to try it after reading the product description on the sephora website
i hate saying it because i had pretty high hopes
i overheard them talking about how exciting it was that they actually sold one
i read so many great things about this
i admit i have difficult skin.
i wanted to love this as much as i love the other algenist products i use
i am quit pleased with the product
i really wanted to like this product.
i decided to go back because i just loved the way my skin felt using these products
still love other algenist products
i didn't love this product
i definitely feel like i don't look so tired
i wanted to love it
i wanted to love this product but i can't.
i am not impressed.
at first i loved it
glad i got it in my play box
i wanted to love this but i couldn't.
i tried this product
first, let me say that i love algenist.
i wanted to love love love this product
'm really surprised by this
i wanted this to work so bad.
i so wanted to like this product
i couldn't believe how much i disliked it
was excited to try it
kinda dissapointed because of the price.
really wanted this to work
i would totally give it 5+ stars
i tried using just a little , i tired using alot.
i guess it worked in a way
i am very disappointed as it is expensive.
im still hoping for results but am skeptical.
i think i'm done with clinique.
but that said, i'm not too impressed.
absolutely dislike this product
it felt absolutely gross
honestly i think all the oil in this was contri
not impressed with this item.
i definitely love josie's other products
so when i finally bought this one i was ready to be impressed
i am not a fan of this product
was excited to try it
i love the product
i love the smell of this stuff it makes me especially happy in the morning
i always loved it
i honestly wanted to like this
i wanted to love this
i hate this sooooo much.
because i hate it so much.
i wanted to love this cleanser so badly
i enjoy all of the other josie maran products i've tried
t feels fine on me
i keep it cuz i dont hate it
but i am not crazy about the product itself.
i really wanted to love this but i didn't.
can't say that i'm jumping with joy
thats just my preference
makes me so sad!
i am a little disappointed with the tmfc
the first time i used this product i thought i was going to love it
at first i really liked it.
i really wanted to love this product
i really love benefit
i am sad to say this
im trying to finish it
i tried a tester and absolutely loved it.
really wanted to love this product
i love this stuff
i wanted to love this stuff
i absolutely adore benefit
the moment i tried it on i knew it wasn't for me
i love the packaging
wanted to love this so bad because of all the hype
i do love the packaging though
i really wanted this to work
i wanted to love this, but it didn't work for me.
while i don't hate
i am surprised by all of the great reviews for this product
i think i just wanted to see it
i guess i will finish the bottle
feel like a debbydowner writing just bad reviews today
i like the feel
i really love the other kate somervile products i have
really hate to say this
i love all of kate's products
i love fab and swear by it.
wasn't impressed with the results
i didn't love this product
i think this is better suited for a college kid though oh
i don't honestly mind my dark cicles
i honestly didn't feel like it was effective
i really wanted to love this as my new eye cream after my algenist crapped out on me
very disappointed in this product.
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to like this a lot
i really like this product.
i didn't love this one
i must say i love it
i am so disappointed because i did use it twice
i am in love with it
i wanted to love this.
i liked it at the store
once i started using it i wasn't impressed
wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to love this product
i love adding them to my skin care routine
the aha concentrate is wonderful
first off i should say that i love the ren products
i really wanted this to work for me
like : ' i tryed it
i loved this at first
i love all ole henriksen products that i have used
i wish it didnt because this has spf
i wanted to love this product but cant.
i love this stuff!
i heard this product was great
disappointed i spent so much on a product.
i really like many oh products
i am bummed that i cannot use it as a 360 cream for the entire eye area
i really wanted to love this
whose products i really like
i normally love ole henriksen products
bought this hoping to love the thick consistency
i found myself always looking to see if i had another product because i thought this was very thick
i tried this product
i love the way this creme feels on my eyes
i wasn't fully impressed
i really really wanted to love this product.
that makes me so upset
i love perricone's gentle face cream -absolutely fantastic
i guess i'll go back to my philosphy purity.
sad that this didn't work for me.
i liked the feel of the perricone
i got something different
i am quite disappointed!
shinyeye cream i loved much better
i wanted to believe the hype behind perricone
i am really disappointed in the results
i am happy to read that it has worked for some
but my face felt like a dream afterward - lol.
overall i think the product is alright
i would have loved it had it lathered more
i never write reviews
not a fan at all.
was excited to try it
since i've heard so many great things about the br
for me i just felt like it didn't work
that's what i felt like i put on my face
i wanted to like this product
i am wondering if i just got a bad batch
i think this is just me because many other reviewers didn't experience this
i loved what this did for my skin
i am very disappointed with this cleanser
i really was not impressed with this product
wanted to love this so bad
i really wanted to love this product
i liked the way the product made my skin look
knew what it was like
it was just ok.
like, but don't love.
i didn't expect myself to dislike the smell as much as i did
i really wanted to like this cream.
i wanted to love it
i really wanted to like this product.
definitely wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this product
i never write reviews
usually love most products i use- i am not too picky
i am in love with this mask.
i wanted to love this
i loved the feel of this product
i wish i saw more results
i loved the way my skin felt after applying it
not really loving it
i really wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to love this!
i am definitely returning it.
at first i loved the product
i wanted to love this product so bad!
honestly i was very surprised to see all the excellent reviews for this product
i wanted to like this product
wow i'm surprised at all the positive reviews for this
i first i thought i was going to love this product however i did not find it as amazing as i wanted to
sadly it was just okay for me.
ive seen so many people say it works wonders for them
i am now in love with origins products!
i wish i had come here first
she loves how refreshing it really is
i did enjoy this one
i didn't hate this product
i didn't love it either
i didn't see any depuffing qualities
no thank you origins!!!
thank god the return policy is so great.
i know a lot of people love this cleanser
for me i haven't noticed anything great about it
although i absolutely loved the frothy feel while this was on my face
wasn't sure how much i liked that sensation
i wanted to like it
i don't hate the product
i really liked how foamy
i usually love everything i try from origins
she told me this product will work for me
i really like this product
this product is ok
i am not impressed at all
i just want to say how much i love origins skin care
because i love this br
wanted to try it for myself
)so needless to say, i was quite disappointed.
this product is ok.
love everything i have from origins but not this.
i still love origins
i absolutely love origins
was so excited to order it off of sephora
i felt like i had to use quite a bit to feel like it was doing anything
i wanted to like this.
which btw i liked a lot
i love all the origins products
i really wanted to love this product.
as much as i adores origins product
i really wanted to love this
was surprised that i did not love this cream
has even commented how my shiny my face looks when i am wearing it
i love other products
i loved everything about this except that it breaks me out so badly
i never looked so disgusting in my life.
was so excited because i was planning on buying this cream anyway
was super excited to use it
thats sadly all the good things i have to say about it
i really wanted to like this product because of the good reviews
i know kathleen lights love this product.
i desperately wanted this to live up to the hype
really wanted to love this because of the price.
everytime i use this product i get mixed results.
i didn't feel like
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to love this cleanser after reading all the reviews
i wanted to like this product
i read all the great reviews
i loved how this mask went on
i really wanted to love this product
kinda sad because i really wanted to like tihs product
am still using it cuz again
i really love masks
i seriously love that one!
it just wasn't to my expectations
i am disappointed with this product.
im not really sure im getting any results out of it
i love a good face mask
and i wanted to love it but it wasn't great.
i am not a fan
i really wanted to love this
hated it, such a waste of money.
i am always trying different eyecreams.
i really wanted to love this product.
have loved all the origins products
i feel like i haven't noticed anything different
i wanted to like this
i feel dry everytime i used it
i do like that this br
i am not so crazy about this cleanser
still liked it though!
i wanted to love this product so bad
i honestly think you're better off just purchasing a really good moisturizer
i regret buying this product because i don't underst
was excited that i finally found something that works
i loved origins product
very disappointed with this product
just wasn't pleased with how i felt like it was making my skin feel
but i was not surprised.
i love all of the origins products i've tried
i didnt like it all.
i wanted to love this mask
so thankful i only got a sample of this.
heard so many great things about origins
i read the reviews of others who weren't pleased with the smell
i really like this product.
i liked the feeling it gave my skin
i wanted to love this product so badly.
sad to say this is the first origins product that i was disappointed with
their other products i love
i really wanted to like this
i really liked how it made my skin feel matte
have not really found that one that i really love
didn't love this mask
i love love love origins products
i wanted to love this so bad!
ive never had a product do so little.
thought it was awesome
this one disappointed me
i honestly didnt see much of a difference
i really wanted it to work!
im glad they have recently repackaged it because that was my #1 complaint
i loved this product
while i loved this product
i absolutely loved this product
i love this product
i absolutely love the product
i love how light this is!!!
this stuff is so awful i actually cried a bit today
asked if i was okay lol
this eye cream to me is really just ok.
now i regret it
found this to be just ok
i so badly wanted to love this product.
i loved this product!
wanted to love this but it didn't work out.
not really impressed for the price.
i got compliments all the time!
sorry clinique, not impressed with this product.
i actually really dislike this cream.
was excited to try this
i liked how thick
i wanted to love this
i hate making returns as i hate waste.
i felt in love with this product long time ago… love it
i wanted to love this
i liked the feel
so, i was very disappointed.
love trying out new products
however i was extremely disappointed with this product
for the first 2 days i really liked this product.
there really havent been any good results
why so many love this one
i dont love this product.
i do love some of perricones products
i regret that not following my instinct because for the price of this product
i got this for me
i wanted to love this product because of paula beguon's perfect rating
this product was ok.
however i was disappointed
i wanted this to work for me
most there things are amazing i did love this
i love the way this product makes my skin feel
this just didn't live up to my expectations
was so excited about using this face wash
i really wanted to give it a good chance
68oz then i am sure you will be very pleased with this product
was so excited to try this oil
i usually love algenist products
the only thing i can say is that i liked the way it felted on my skin
i wanted this to work
i am very disappointed in this product
while i did enjoy using it
*so glad i tried it out first
i wanted to love it
i just wanted to find a product to make my skin gorgeous
glad i didn't pay for this.
i am not impressed with this product.
i am so disappointed
i am 22 so my fine lines are not incredibly deep
hi this is probably a great product
i tried this product
this product is getting rave reviews everywhere i look
i really wanted to love this eye cream
i really wanted to like this one
but this one i am not loving it.
i love all of korres line
i feel like nothing
i hate to leave bad reviews
i gave this product two stars because i really wanted to like it
when i first got this i liked it.
i really wanted to like the cream.
i wanted to love this.
i really wanted to like it
i loved what this did to my skin
i don't love it
i really wanted to like this.
i wanted to love this!
i love this product.
i will again be a very happy
'm not the only one who hates the new packaging
this thing smells exactly like a product my mum used to use when i was very little
really disappointed because i liked ren products
i really hoped to like this product
i did not really like it with my luna
i wanted to love this but i'll pass.
this one just wasn't for me even though i really loved the scent
i wanted to love this
i wanted so bad to love this.
people with my skin type were raving about it
have liked all of them
though i love the whole idea of this cleaner my face did not
while i must admit i do love this
absolutely hate this product.
i loved everything about this until it burned my eyes
i heard great reviews with this product
so far i am disappointed as i really don't find any improvement
i liked the idea of the product
i am so disappointed.
i decided to give this a try after reading the amazing claims
i am not a big fan of the pump
have fun reading all that stuff up there.
she was so excited about it sicne it is a bottled version of a treatment kate sommerville gives all of herstarlets before they walk the red carpewt
wanted to love it the way kate does.
i loved how it made my skin feel
i loved the results
very, very disappointed what a waste of money.
my love for ptr products this stuff should be a miracle
there are 2 other products i really love in it
i am ok with spending $150 when the products wows me
i immediately wanted to read some reviews
was excited to try it out
i liked the way it feels on my skin
i adore ole henriksen products
i generally love this line
because for all i knew it was miracle cream
my enthusiasm wasn't quite the same
i decided to get one with a smell i liked
i love this line
i really wanted to like this product
i wish i'd just gotten my favorite to begin with
i think i will give this to my mom who likes it
after reading the description i was excited as it targeted a lot of my concerns
knew i liked the br
to be honest i am a fan of this br
i do love that the ole henriksen line is cruelty free
i hate the packaging of this product.
i really loved this product at first
so glad i did not buy this product.
i am a big believer in do what works
i really like fresh products
i actually feel that this contri
i like the product
ok product not really impressed.
definately works for me
i really wanted it to work for me
i liked it at first
but i was very disappointed with the results.
i wanted to love it
i love the cooling feeling
this product is just ok.
this product was alright
wanted to love it though so it's disappointing!
i do enjoy this product.
i love love love boscia face washes
i experienced absolutely nothing.
very disappointed in the product.
i love all boscia products, not this.
i really liked this until it dried out on me
disappointed it isn't working as good as i hoped
i want to love it
to be honest i am stuck on the size
i am just still unsure
i really wanted to love this product.
love the feel of this product
have heard all good things about clarins
very disappointed with this product
especially since i have loved all other clarins products i've tried
i really wanted something a lot more 'heavy-duty'
but i really wasn't impressed with this product.
i really wanted to like this product
i got this eye cream because i love omorovicza products
the product isn't really anything to get too excited about
i love this line of products
i am a big fan of many omorovicza products
i wanted to love this mask
i am still intrigued by other products from this line
i wanted to love it, but it didn't love me.
so i love love lovvvve luna night oil!
really wanted to like this product when i received it in the mail
loved how my skin was looking at first
not a huge fan just ok for me.
i read great reviews about this cream.
i didn't have unreal expectations
so sad, i wanted to like this brand.
i am very disappointed
was so excited to try this out.
i heard so many good things about this product
i really wanted to love this product because everyone raves about it
i want to love this
was super excited when i read all the reviews
luna oil to use together because of all of the amazing reviews
i really wanted to fall in love with it!
i wanted to love this product
i think this product really works
i know tons of people love this
honestly i regret purchasing both
i gave it many chances because everyone raves about it
i know everyone raves about this product
i hate to have to chose how many stars to give this
i really wanted to like this
oh how i wanted to love good genes.
i want to love this item
i wasn't warned and it really surprised me.
the sunday riley ufo oil we both love
unfortunately, this was a miss for me.
glad it was in my play box
good lord i want this to work as ive tried them all
i feel like all sunday riley products are good or even great
i liked this at first
was excited to try because of the rave reviews here
some things i love
i really wanted to love this because i'm obsessed with the packaging
i didn't think it really did anything phenomenal for my skin
i do love that it's cruelty-free
i really like the idea of this product
i wanted to love this
i am so disapointed because now i have to find the product i used before i switched to this one
i really wanted this to work
i really want(ed) this cream to work.
while i'm glad i tried it
i usually love the algenist line
well, now i know.....
i loved the way it felt on my skin.
i am not really impressed with this product.
i really wanted to love this
i loved this product when i first got it.
i wanted this to be a 'treatment'
i love the product but i hate the tube.
sad because i love the cleanser
however this beauty came along and i am in love!
i read the other reviews about how the bottle was terrible
love what it has done to my skin
which i miss sooooo very much
wanted to love this product
i wanted this work for me soooo bad
i really wanted it like it
loved loved loved old version of this.
this stuff is okay i guess.
i hated this product.
i absolutely loved it
i wanted this to work so bad.
i really wanted it to work.
i am looking to try it again
i think it would be fun with friends at a sleep over
didn't really depuff my eyes
i am very disappointed
ive got nothing good with this
am a little disappointed that this product wasnt working for me
i wanted it to work
i guess i'm just unlucky
everyone els reviewing seems to love it :
i just wanted it to work :
yes i like to use a lot
bha in one product is heaven so try it out
we can cry together
was excited to try it
nothing really impressed me.
i really wanted to like this after reading all the great reviews
thank god for sephora's awesome return policy.
i really liked this product for about 3 weeks
wanted to love it, but it reaks.
i believe this contri
i really liked the way it felt on my skin
i am not at all impressed with it
i completely regret it
definitely not impressed with this product
i felt that my foundation
thank goodness it was just a sample!
i really tried liking this product
i didn't really feel like this product got absorbed
i am not crazy impressed with results like some people say they are
i truly don't understand the great reviews.
i hate to say it
although i loved it
i love the entire line.
i did enjoy the light
i really wanted to like this one.
am loving it there
i liked this at first
which i wasn't expecting because i just wanted my hair to smell "divine
thought i would try this as it always has rave reviews
this product didn't live up to my expectations.
not at all impressed
so i really wanted to love this product!
i really didn't like the way this felt on my skin
i came home excited that day
maybe she didnt listen i really wanted to love this
i read good reviews about this line
i like this...don't love it.
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to like this product since i was in love with the smell
do love the product
love all of their products
m sure i will love this too
i still love caudalie as a br
i am disappointed with this product.
i liked this product
so bummed i wasted my money on this.
naturally, i am disappoint(ed).
the only thing i liked about this was the applicator
i really wished this worked but alas it didn't.
i want to love this product.
i love clinique, but this product is a loser :(
mostly i love the way my skin feels when i'm using it
i tired this product
although i love the design of the product i don't believe it really has helped with the dark circles
i love clinique's even better line
just not feeling the love!
i really wanted to love this product.
i am just starting to feel like i'm seeing results
i really wanted to like this eye cream
i wanted to love this
i really wanted to love this product
i've heard so many excellent reviews
i don't hate it
i really wanted to love this face oil.
i never write reviews
i wanted to love this.
i wanted to love this this
i really really want to like this
i wanted to like it.
i guess it helped to keep some r
this product works ok.
it really misled me
sad because i truly wanted to like this product
i like the product, not love it but like it.
have to admit i was a little disappointed
very disappointing since i love dr
i felt like as i get older
i am ok with it because i have dry skin
i wanted to love it
i personally find it very light
i truly wanted to love this product because of how expensive it was
was really pleased with the results
i only give two stars because i loved the original product
i really wanted to try this product
so only 3 stars until i am sure.
i personally feel like it wasn't worth the $38.
i really liked it
i read a lot of other reviews
i really wanted to like this product
really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this
this product is ok.
i hate this stuff.
i think this cream is ok
i love so many of the korres products
am sad that thisproduct was so disappointing
so naturally i was disappointed about my horrible reaction to it
i would love this cream
she didn't like the feeling
hate that it has n-
i however really hate the feeling
i love the fact that its paraban
i really liked it, at first.
i love the whole fab collection, except this.
so this really surprised me
besides that i really enjoy this br
i did like that it felt very lightweight
too bad because i liked it otherwise.
too bad, i love most of fab's products.
i am not completely disappointed
i so wanted to love this!
at first i loved this product!
while i liked the camu camu line pretty well.
i am thinking maybe that was what was irritating my face
i hate this stuff.
i love the product
too bad- i really liked t..
i wanted this to work!
absolutely love this product
i am very disappointed in that.
it wasn't what i was expecting
i loved the results the first time
this one i wasn't fond of
i really wanted to love this product line because of all the great reviews
i liked how this made my make up look
i really wanted to like this.
i think my skin looked better
the product was alright
feel like i unfortunately wasted $70
was really surprised to see that it didn't have the amazing
i wouldnt recomend this products to any one.
i dont think it deserves any stars
i loved the way this made my skin initially
i am extremely disappointed that i spent over $69 for a product that did nothing for me
i really wanted this to work
my friend purchased this as a gift for me becuase i have been wanting to try it it for so long
i am glad that i never spent any money on this
sadly, i was not impressed.
i look tired all the time
luckily i received this product free to try in exchange for my honest opinion
s on this i was very excited
i wasn't happy about this
sadly i was not
i must say i am now a fan.
for the love of god why is that still in any product
loved it after one use
sorry to not have better feedback as i tend to enjoy most of your products
i like it, just not love it.
i am extremely disappointed
was very interested/excited about trying it out
which i very much appreciate
i do love the results
i love this mask!
i think im better off sticking with their essence
i am not impressed
my mom hates this product as well.
very disappointed i wasted $72.
thank goodness the wrinkles went away
i really wanted to love this product based on the ingredients
really not a fan of this product.
im giving it the benefit of the doubt
she is happy with it
i really wanted to like it
now i'm so glad i didn't waste my money purchasing it
i wanted to love this.
this worked ok for me
i really wanted to like this mask
my skin hated this
i liked it until i found that out.
i really wanted to love love this face moisturizer
really wanted to love it
am always left feeling "meh"
the only con i can think of is i am not very fond of the scent
i know my face is a mess haha !
as i've heard great things about this line of skin care
i am pretty disappointed
i seriously wanted to love this.
i love the feel of it
i truly wanted to love this
i am a tad disappointed given the rave reviews some people were giving about this product
i liked how this worked to control oil
i really wanted to love the product
i really wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this product
at first i loved how my skin felt after applying
i feel like im just wasting it
idk why i got it recently.
i originally liked the feel of it
still nice feeling just maybe not the results i thought
i really wanted to love this because i love the orange line of ren products
wasn't a huge fan, it did nothing for me.
i really dislike it
i am pretty obsessed with everything fresh
i really wanted to love this product
i wanted to like it
as i love most of fresh's products
was glad as i had wanted to try it
i wanted to like this but ehh.
i hated the feel of it.
i love this product.
i wanted to like it
'm gonna stick with my chantecaile flower cream for now
i am really disappointed as i paid a lot of money for this
i love all philosophy products
while i loved the consistency of the product
i wanted to love this product because i love the moisturizer from this br
the good reviews i read
i really wanted to love this product
i usually love philosophy products
so sorry this didn't work out!
i like the philosophy line
was excited to try this eye cream
i read so many good reviews
really disappointed in the company.
i would never purchase kate stuff again
i also saw great reviews
i saw great reviews plus i love the eradikate
really sad that this didn't work.
there's been some kate somerville products i have really loved
i really wanted this to work.
the exfoli-kate is awesome, though.
not happy so far.
i really wanted this to work.
i love this stuff.
read a lot of good reviews
i wasn't happy with this at all
i didn't think i was allergic to it
glad i didnt spend $45 on this
was really excited to see this work
i didnt get the results i wanted
i really wanted to like this product
i've never been so disappointed or upset with a product
i really wanted this to work for me!
now i really regret trying this cream.
i wanted to love this product
i am disappointed with this cream.
i like the product
noooo results and i used it for a whole 6 months.
so sad because i loved the way my skin was feeling
i am glad i tried this in the summer.
i wanted to love this product
i wanted to believe the hype of a algenist
i am glad so many here have given this a good review
i am glad it worked for you.
i tried to like this
really wanted to like it
i enjoy this product
it is great to hear about these product i will gift it to my mom
love all of them so far
i am big fan of algenist products
this makes me sad because i liked how it did minimize my pore size
maybe i was expecting like wow pores are gone
i am sad bc i wanted it to work :(
i really liked the texture of this product
after reading all of the fantastic reviews
my mom even commented that i looked extra tired
because i read a great review about this product
i sooo wanted to like this
i wanted to love this
i think this is my least favorite
i am not a fan of the packaging.
i love tarte, let me start off by saying that.
i always look tired
i actually really, really like this eye cream.
i don't dislike this
i certainly don't love it
i wanted to like this product so bad.
i really liked this product.
this is not my favorite product
i actually thought i woke up looking more tired.
this was a waste a money honestly.
as i love the oil
i wanted this to be my hg eye cream because it sounded so amazing
very disappointed with this product.
this is the first tarte product that i'm disappointed to say didn't really work for me
i very much wanted to like this eye cream
just wasn't what i was expecting.
honestly not the best
however i still love
just sad this product didn't work on my face.
i guess i was expecting more of a thick
i really wanted to love this.
i did not find it as lovely other reviewers
which really surprised me
i really was not impressed with this
was completely happy with it
while i love the product
definitely returning i am upset that it didn't work for my mom because i know that dior is a high end br
was excited to try it
this product actually gave me
you'd be amazed how many do
i love almost everything clinique
and i was really disappointed.
i am still a big fan of clinique products
let me start by saying i love clinique products
needless to say i was excited about this product.
just was not impressed
i actually really liked this when i first tried it
i don't think i'll be loving this one
i wanted it to be amazing forever
loved the way it made my skin feel
i really wanted to like this product cause i love clinique products
i really wanted to love this product.
i wanted to love this mask
i really wanted to like this after reading the reviews
i think this just ok.
i loved the idea of this
i am not impressed with the results so far.
i love other boscia products as well
really wish i liked this more
as i was really excited to begin using boscia products
i'd have to agree- has a weird
i really wanted to like this product
i really loved the spf 15 which i had no problems with
as much as i love the product
i don't love it
i am not totally convince about this product.
the product is ok.
let me start by saying that i love boscia products
i usually adore boscia products
honestly i made no difference ti me
i do appreciate how light it feels
i liked the fact this was a very lightweight feeling
the thing that bugs me about this is that i loved the consistency
i regret wasting my points on a product i absolutely
i hate returning products.
have liked or loved a majority of their products
thank goodness for sephora's excellent return policy
i so sooo wanted to love this.
i love the products consistency
for $60 great company moisturizer i'm dissapointed
i really wanted to love this product
for me it was just ok
love nars but this product was a miss.
i wanted to love this
i didn't love this mask at all.
i started out loving this product.
i wanted to love this
was disappointed that the skincare didn't work for me
i loved the product so much that i encouraged my friend to try
i wanted to love this product so much because of all the great reviews i've read
i absolutely love this product.
for my second bottle i thought i got smart
i wanted to love it
i loved this oil
i absolutely love this product
really disappointed with the product overall
loved how it felt on my skin
i really wanted to love this because i like the line
i love the origins line
i love all my other origins products
i really love this line so was excited to try the face wash formula
have to say was a bit disappointed.
very disappointed as i love the extra repair eye cream
i liked this product a lot when i first started to use it
wasn't happy with it after all
i really loved it to begin with.
i love the eye cream but this just wasn't for me.
i don't really think it had impressed me.
i didn't love it
really wanted to like it
didn't purchase it for myself
i wanted something refreshing
it had a weird feel to it
i wanted to love it
i love everything from fresh!
was doubly dissapointed when i did not love this
i am really not happy with this product.
a little disappointed on this one.
i found myself having to use a lot to feel like i was getting anywhere
t was really really dry
i am very disappointed with my purchase.
i want to love it but i hate the fact it stains.
i want to love this oil
it's hard for me to love
not a fan... i think this one has to go back.
i know some people hate it
i love this product so much
i just wish it wasnt orange
i really wanted to love this
i wanted to like this product
i swear when this
this product is ok.
i wasn't so lucky
first off, i love ole henriksen products.
i really love shiseido products
loved it so why change it when it was working for me?
i really wanted this product to work
overall, i was really disappointed.
i, too, am disappointed.
i wanted to love it
really disappointed with this product.
i wanted this product to work.
sorry to say i was very disappointed with product
i do love the dr
i originally came on here because i was appalled at how awful this smells
yet, im willing to make sacrifices for good skin.
thats how i ended up here.
thats where i read everyones reviews
i am not kidding.
it scared the heck out of me!
i am not impressed by this one
i wish it worked!
i wish i hadn't
loved how my skin looked otherwise
i wanted to love this.
i could't regret it more
i love how lightweight this product feels.
i hate and love this product
i really wanted to love this
'm disappointed it didn't work out for my skin type
i do know that i loved the way it felt on my skin
i love this brand... but not this product.
it just didn't wow me
i love the rest of this line
i really wanted to love this primer
i am a big algenist fan
i so wanted to love this primer
just couldnt keep my oil
was excited to try this cream
i usually love all lancôme products
i love what this product has done for my skin
idk why this happened
after the 1st day i thought wow
i so wanted to love this!
have really liked most of it
i personally don't enjoy using it
bring back the old line please korres thank you!!
i wanted to love it because i have tried other korres products
i love it & dislike it.
really disliked this product.
i really wanted to love it
this sleeping facial did not make it worse- thank god
i wish it worked because i love the smell.
for me, there was nothing to love about this oil.
i really wanted to like this product.
i really wanted this to work
im very conflicted over this product
the product is just ok.
i wanted to love this.
i still want to love this.
i mean, really white!
i am sorry but i don't like that look at all.
not at all impressed with this.
can't say i am surprised
not too impressed by this product.
i wanted to love this
i really wanted to love this
im glad i didnt splurge
i wish i'd read the reviews before i tried
i really wanted to like this as i enjoy lancome's skin care
i loved this at first then
i wanted to love it
i really wanted to like this
really disliked this product.
was super excited about the br
it was very weird and i hated it.
i wish it had worked
i love what tata's company st
was excited to try it out
ok - great for t-area!
i wasn't impressed enough to go out
i love everything tata.
was super excited to try this mask
i wanted the product to feel richer going on.
i wanted so badly to love it
as i've read rave reviews about all things tata harper
i love that it's made in vermont
i am not impressed.
i wanted to love this cleanser so much.
really wanted to like this.
i gave it 2 really honest to goodness
was very excited to try it
this is my favorite tata product i have tried so far
i am not impressed.
glad i tried it
which i am not
i wanted to love this product line.
that said, i don't dislike this product.
wanted to love as i'm more interested in natural products
was very excited to try this
i am trying not to be a wuss
i really do like the texture
i absolutely can't st
see some complaining about a scent i would think "wuss
i gave it one star to commend it is natural
i love how it's natural
i really wanted it to work
i wanted to like this
though i really liked how my skin looked in the morning
i actually said, "whoa, what is that??"
i wanted to like this product
usually i love origins
this product really disappointed me
well, that's how i feel about this product.
this product is very dissapointing
i remembered how much i've loved other origins products
i can't say i dislike it
i am so disappointed with this cleanser!
i wish this worked for me :/
i do love that is has an spf
am very pleased with it
i like the feel of it!
wow i am so sad
like how it feels on my h
i am very disappointed in the results
i heard about it a lot
i really like this product
i must say i am not impressed at all
i am glad to say i did notice my face looking more refreshed
i really wanted to love this
i wanted this product to be amazing
i wanted to love it
i gave this product 3 stars because i did feel
i am glad i didnt bought it
i love the way it makes my skin feel
list all of the things i liked about it:
i didn't think it was very good.
realized this isn't working for me
i really wanted to love this product.
i really doubt i will
i am glad that i am half way done.
liked night cream better.
i am so disappointed
i am glad to see that it seems to work for others
i am pretty disappointed with it
i actually feel like my fine lines got more pronounced-are you kidding me
i must say i am not impressed at all
love this product as much as everyone else
pm the reason ive used this one alot its good
i really wanted to love this
i must say i am not impressed at all
i absolutely hated this product.
i am very surprised by all the positive reviews.
i really really tried hard to love this product.
i really wanted to like this.
the smell thats why i gave it three stars
i realllllly wanted to love this.
sad it didn't work for me
they looked disgusting as i was doing it
i feel like it didn't really moisture my face as well as i was hoping even u der my makeup
very disappointed in product.
am not a fan at all
i am a fan of a lot of caudalie products
i really wanted to like this
very glad i did
was very excited to try this
i think it is okay
that i actually love
i don't have particularly wonderful skin
i just wasn't really impressed.
i definetly feel likeni need to rince afterwards
i really like caudalie products
that wouldn't stop me from purchasing if i really loved the product
this is the first time i feel extremely disappointed at something
i no longer love this
i really wanted to love this item for a long time now
i am down to pay, but i am just not impressed.
i've always hear great things about clinique products
thinking my skin was chaging now that i was in my 30's
wish i had never bought this.
i tried to like this
i wish it worked out
i hear the gel is great
i must say i was not very impressed
its hard to describe honestly.
i got it because i thought it was a good value
i heard great reviews on this
i feel that it is dying and makes me look tired.
i really really love shiseido products
i've heard a lot of good words about shiseido ibuki series
gave it a try, wasn't impressed.
i love the packaging
i really disliked it.
really wanted to love it
i loved the idea of what this product was going to do for my skin
i wanted to love it
i really wanted to like this
unfortunately that's what im experiencing
thank goodness it's just a sample
at first i was very happy
really wanted to love this.
that's the last feeling that i want after watching my face
at first reading the reviews made me excited to try these out
i never write reviews
i don't know how everyone is raving about how weightless this serum is
i am definitely returning this
oh, please discontinue this awful product!
i hated this product!
to be honest i prefer it
not at all impressed
i am glad i got the small size
i know my skin well
not impressed at all.
that's how horrible i think this product is
i am so disappointed
i really wanted to love this
for sure i love the normal one better
wish k could love it.
very disappointed, i returned the product.
i didn't feel like i got my money's worth at all
i felt kind of cheated
i really wanted to love this
sooooo excited this line was coming to sephora
i liked how bright it made my eyes look after i applied it
that is the only thing that i liked about it
excited about the spf
so bummed to have to write this review.
so when i saw this come out i was excited to try it
sort of, bummed since spending the money on it.
i am not expecting a miracle
i kind of feel like i got duped
i am very adamant about my skin care routine which i do every am
i am beyond dissapointed with sephora
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to love this product
unfortunately, my love stopped there!
i love the texture of it, it feels great.
was happy with that
i'd heard good things about murad
it wasn't for me, personally.
this product is ok.
i really wanted this product to work.
" both of which i totally love
i reallz wanted to love coz i heard a lot of good things about it
i hate giving bad reviews.
i don't dislike the product
it will be going back, but i still love dr. dg :)
i am sorry but this isn't my thing.
i wasn't really impressed with the overall product
i really wanted to like this product.
i really wanted to love this after all the great reviews
that's the only part i love
i love this oil
because i love the product so much
i am not impressed
i am pretty upset with this product.
however, i hate the packaging!
despite my love for the product
i really wanted to like it since i've been using dr
i loved this at first because my face was so dry.
i really wanted to like this.
love the smell idk why people complain about it
wanted to love it as it had great claims
i hated this product
i hated the consistency.
this one disappointed me
i really wanted to love this
i like this product
as much as i would like to love this product
didn't leave my skin feeling taught afterwords
i want to love this face wash
at first i loved this product.
sad cause i expected great things
i like my face to be little oilly after i apply sth
i absolutely loved it at first
as it seems to be a love or hate relationship based on the reviews
at first i loved it
i really did want to love this product
i wasn't impressed with this product at all.
i must say that i am somewhat disappointed in it
i am really glad i got a sample size before i decided to buy it to see how it was
this product didn't "wow" me
was really excited to give it a go
i just wasn't too impressed with the product considering the price
i really wanted to live this cream.
was so excited to try it
especially after reading a lot of reviews here
i am going to look for another product that hopefully wil help me to reduce small lines i am beggining to see around my eyes
i really enjoy it.
i really wish this cream would've worked it for me
wish is would've worked out for me
i really wanted to love this product
they've always bothered me
t's dna was going to be the best product for me
raved about how amazing the serum felt
i heard great things about this br
i loved the way it applied
so sad this product didn't react well to my skin
but thats where the positives end.
was excited to try xyy since i never have before
i really havent see ant changes on my skin
i hate hate hate the packaging of it- which is why i am going to return it
i am always interested in technology
i do love kate sommerville
i really wanted to love this cleanser
which is i felt like i still had stuff on my skin afterwards
i just hate it.
i really wanted to love this.
when i used it in the store i did love how it worked
i really wanted to love it
i am not overly impressed with this product
i like the idea of this stuff
i loved how this product washed away make up so marvelously
really wanted to like this because i've heard such great things about the br
i didn't love this, i didn't hate this.
i didn't fall in love
was excited to try it
i wasn't really impressed.
while i like it
because i love boscia products
was pretty disappointed about this product..
i guess it worked
it didn't really st
a stila shadow purely because i hated them
i absolutely hate the way the silicon products feel on my skin
i must say i am not impressed at all
i guess i already have a pretty good regimen
i think the ginzing cream is better in this respect
i realized it did absolutely nothing for me
am always trying different br
i love all things origins
i am just not a fan of anything that sparkles on my face
i am very disappointed as i read all of the glowing
i wanted to love this product
i think it it too gel-like for me
this was okay, i guess.
after reading a lot of great reviews
so this product was just okay for me
unfortunately, i was so disappointed.
i really hated this.
for which i'll be grateful
i love most algenist products
i wanted to love this!
the only thing i am pleased with is the scent.
i really wanted to love this
at first i did think this cream was genius
i am giving this product a three star because the first time disappointed me
was really disappointed in this mask
i really wanted this to work
i read such raving reviews about this product
i am loving that line
oh my gosh, where do i begin?
i'll admit it feels good
this mask was ok for me
as i've heard good things about this br
i wasn't particularly impressed
i tried this product
was really excited to try something for oily skin
i am completely embarrassed to go out.
bag i got really excited.
really disappointed in this product wouldn't recommend it
i would have loved this
totally disappointed and complete waste.
am pretty shocked that this product worked so well for so many
i am definitely a product junkie
i just am not much of a fan
not super impressed either way.
i love this product notwithst
im sure theres better products at that cost
a lot of people were raving about it.
i got this as a sample and absolutely hated it.
so sad that it didn't work for me.
this is the most dissapointing eye cream i have ever used
i never write reviews
just had to with this product because i was so disappointed
was really excited about this.
i really wanted this to work for me
i really wanted a product for my dark circles.
for some reason i was thinking it was a different br
i love this whole line
i really like the product
my first ever josie maran product i do not like.
i got the sample of this because i really loved their 100% argan oil
this time i got to say something cause i am so upset
this product however i am not that fond of
i really wanted to love this.
i loved this at first
i wanted to love this forever
i really wanted to love this product
all i got was disappointment :-
i felt really disappointed
but i wasn't overly impressed with it.
i am not super impressed with the texture
to me, this product was okay.
i am pretty dry
i really wanted to like this mask.
honestly it felt so awful
the results dont last long i dont see any improvement on my skin it kinda just cleansed not really moisturized coz thats what im expecting
i really wanted to love this
i am not sure how i feel about this cream.
although i wasn't ecstatic about it
i am a fan of caudalie products so was excited to try this
i actually love most of cadualie products
i am so disappointed in this new product.
i usually love shiseido products
i am not happy of my purchase.
i read so many good reviews
i wanted to love this
i wanted to try this after watching it on youtube
i absolutely love clinique
i did love the pump
i absolutely hate it.
i really do love nars
very confused about this product.
if u like a nice dewey look
after reading many reviews i decided to try it for myself
i dont love it but i dont absolutly hate it also.
it does give my face that matt apperiance which i love
my makeup didn't last as long as i would've liked
i absolutely love nars products
i guess i just had high expectations.
i am so disappointed at this product.
i adore every and anything nars.
very disappointed with this product from nars.
i usually love the plantscription products
you will highly disappointed
honestly, i wasn't very impressed with this.
i am normally a big fan of lancome
i really wanted to love this product
it weirded me out so much that i will never use this again
not worth it- i wish this br
i so wanted to love this but i don't.
was very excited about this
my face hated it
love that product so
i am not saying this is a bad product
i am pleased that it hasn't seemed to break me out or irritate my skin
i loved this product when i applied it.
i wanted to love this because i love fresh products
i actually enjoyed it
i tried to love this product
am so much happier
i love this fresh line
so glad i didnt buy the jar
loved they way my skins feels
awesome product i am sure just not for sensitive skin
i so wanted this to work
glad that others have had sucess with this.
sorry, not for me
excited about this product
not a fan of perricone at all
sad it didn't work for me and had to return.
i wanted to love this so badly!!
love origins products so much
i really wanted to like this product as i like their masks
i really did want to love this
love love love them
i love first aid beauty so i tried this.
first let me say that i love fab.
have loved everything from fab that i have tried in the past
i love under eye products
i love this product
am not thrilled with this one purchase
i wanted to love this stuff
i really wanted to like this product
it didn't wow me
wanted to love this so badly
im not so sure about this product.
so far i really like it
i wanted to love this product as i like the algenist line
i think this product is okay.
i can honestly say that i haven't seen a"h-mazing " results
i suppose i would have liked it if it was $30
i am very disappointed
lastly, i think it made me breakout.
have to say i was really disappointed with this product
i wanted to love this...but just didn't.
quite frankly was disappointed
i really wish i'd never bought it
i just hated how sticky feeling it was.
i love to read all of them
i wanted to like this product
disappointed about this mask
i get really excited for new products
was unfortunately not impressed
i love everything pink
was really excited to try this line
i love everything rose.
i wanted to love this stuff!
hates returning things because of the inconvenience
was excited to try it
i certainly don't get a "rose petal" scent from it which bummed me out so much
very disappointed with this because of the other reviews i read about
i wanted to like this so bad.
was excited to try this
i would love to try that.
it broke me out, i guess i am sensitive.
i absolutely love the line just not a fan of this cleanser
disappointed i couldn't keep using it
i just love that it feels so light on my skin
looks like im not wearing any foundation
i really tried because i wanted the spf n all the good benefits
i really enjoyed this product for like a week
i wanted to love this foundation
i wish i could love it
i wish i could love this.
i absolutely love this product!!
it was ok i wasn't in love with it
very disappointed with the results
i love that it has spf30
i don't dislike this
i love love love this product.
while i love the idea of a light foundation with spf
wow, not for me.
i got a sample of this, and i kind of hate it.
wish i had read reviews before trying.
i am afraid for my skin
i really enjoy other products from the caudalie br
overall i was not all that impressed
liked it in every other respect except the itching part
what my skin hates, yours might love.
liked the feel of this oil as i put it on my face
i liked that this product did not irritate my skin
however that is all i liked about it
i really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this cream
i really wanted to love this line
however, i am so disappointed.
i liked this product at first
i wanted to love this product.
i wanted to love it
'm gonna live with it
i am sad to see this happen because it has a nice scent
i wanted to love this
maybe i'm not easily impressed.
i wish i had my $150 back!
was excited when i read the reviews on this one
was not very happy
i am truly glad that i have not purchased the whole package
honestly i wish i could have kept my money.
really not impressed with this product
i wanted to love it, but it was useless.
i am so disappointed it made it past their beauty curators
i didn't really see that great of a difference in my skin
the first couple times i used this i thought i liked it
i love the both the day
initially i was super happy with it
thank goodness it was just a sample.
i wanted to love it
i know some people love it
when i tried this mask i was extremely disappointed
i've read some reviews that said it smelt terrible however i really love it
i regret trying it
i absolutely love the glamglow supermud- this was a major disappointment
it really irritated it
am on a mission to try everything
was really excited after using it
i really wanted to love this because i really love the idea of something to use at the end of the week to help detox/cleanse my skin
i've heard so many good reviews
i did not have a magical experience
i love all the other glamglow mask
at first it was working ok.
totally bummed it had to go back
i think i'll be looking at other br
i wanted to love it because it has the 2 big dogs of skincare in it
i am realistic in my expectations
ugh i wanted to like this so bad
i heard a lot of great things about this product
i love ole henriksen products
unfortunately, i was not impressed.
i like this product
i really tried to like it
i love a lot of ole henriksen products
i really wanted this to work
i hated the consistency
really disappointed in the product.
i am a big fan of ole products
feels so good on ur eyes
i really love almost everything i have tried in the ole line
i really don't like that feeling around my eyes
wanting it to work because i heard good things
i love the feeling of first putting it on.
first, like other people, i hate the texture.
i don't understand the positive reviews.
honestly im not a fan of this
i do absolutely love the eye cream from this same line
really wanted to like it
sad it did not work for me.
i really wanted to love this product.
i've read many reviews from oily-skinned people raving about this product as well
i tried to love this product because i love other algenist products
i hope the dior one works.
this product is ok.
i am surprised that a good br
it's not a miracle worker so as much as i enjoyed it i didn't enjoy it thaaat much
i really wanted this to work
i wanted to love this night cream after reading all of the other reviews
i am glad i got this as a sample instead of spending so much on it
i read some great reviews.
i liked the consistency of it
i've really enjoyed using this cream.
i wish more products felt this way
i really wanted to like this
was excited to try it out
i love this product.
ok i know this sounds like a lot
was really excited about trying this serum
loved all products except this one
i am allergic to this product: i couldn't open my eyes
i liked what it was doing
i wish this one have worked for me.
i am very disappointed with this product after all the glowing reviews i read
however, i was disappointed.
was very excited to try this out
i am allergic to something in it---possibly nuts
overall love the was
i am always willing to pay well for great skincare
so far i've liked all sephora products
after reading many reviews i was not as impressed as i thought i would be
my eyes are really sensitive tho
even though i liked the results
i really like this mask
pros: i love the way this works on my skin.
i do love other ren products though!
i read great reviews
i am a big fan of ren's products
i love that it takes 1 minute
i am not seeing any wonderful results from it
i appreciate the idea behind it
was excited to try it because i love ren products
i really wish i steered clear of this product.
the results didn't impress me
so no thank you
was so excited to try this
i wanted it to work on my fine lines.
i like the idea of this product
which i absolutely love
i wanted to love this product
i heard a lot of compliment of it.
i really wanted to make this work for me.
glad i just used points.
i wanted to love it.
i really really regretted buying it
i tried this product
this product was okay.
i really wanted to love this product unfortunately i should have saved my money
i want to look divine too
i wanted to love this, but absolutely didn't!
pretty disappointed considering what i paid for it
am disappointed it didn't work at all for me
i simply hated it
i definitely felt like i had to go in
hoping yo love this and hated it.
i don't hate it
love it is far
i do like to love some of the other algenist products
however, i really dislike this product.
not impressed at all!
which i really liked
glad i discovered the new serum which is awesome.
glad i didn't buy this product
i so wanted to love this!
to which i was disappointed
the product was alright
was excited to try it
i tried to love this but i just really don't.
i really wanted to love it, but i don't.
i knew that was it
i love using both of these together
i really loved this product.
also leaves a weird film behind, not a fan.
was excited to try this product
i just don't love it.
sorry ole henriksen, you lost me in this one.
while i love my ole products
so maybe that's why i just wasn't that impressed
i love the way it makes my skin feel afterwards
i love this line, but this product wasn't for me.
i love ole henriksen products
i am just not impressed
thank goodness it was a sample.
i wanted to love this, but sadly not.
i loved how it got makeup off so effortlessly
extremely disappointing as i typically love the br
overall i liked this
so many origins products i love.
i think this is my least favorite
so far not impressed
kind of disappointed in this product.
the reviews were awesome
i wish i could give this more praise
first of all i really dont like the smell
i feel that i am better review this one
i loved the feeling after applying it to my skin.
thoroughly disappointed with this product.
this product is ok.
i am trying really hard to love this product.
so was disappointed when it didn't meet expectations
i love sephora , and this only happened once .
glad i got to try this
i think that this product is ok
i am disappointed with this product.
i love the feel of the product on my my skin.
im still trying this
so thank goodness i didn't actually put any money towards this stuff
sadly am disappointed by the results
so no thank you
i am not convinced
i really wanted to like this product
've given it a fair chance to impress me
i really wanted to like this product
i wanted to love this item like many others.
i've heard great things from ren
i liked it at first.
n love with how it made my skin feel
this felt like a st
pretty disappointed that i had to return it
i am dumbfounded- so absolutely confused.
i really wish this was in a tube
i really wanted to love this because i love the serum
i really wanted to love it because it was moisturizing
i wanted to love this product
really really wanted to love this
so sad, i wanted to love this so badly.
was not impressed at all
i always have really clear skin.
i love this mask
wish this could've worked for me
i really wanted to love this product
i wanted to love this
n love with it
im a big fan of fresh products so when i got a foil sample of this i was excited to try it
so i am not sure how i feel about it.
i read great reviews about this mask
i just was not impressed by this mask
i really liked this product when i first started using it
i really wanted to love this product
sad, but i had to return it.
i read some great reviews
i wish i had good words to say
was excited to try this
glad i didn't purchase!
was so excited to get this too
really really wanted this to work
just to see for myself
not impressed at all.
i liked what it did for my skin
i really wanted this to work
i love the idea but it doesn't work.
i saw no seults at ll using this.
i am very disappointed with this product!
i really hate the packaging though
i didn't find anything wonderful about this.
i really wanted to love this stuff because of the reviews
i tried it and the first day i was amazed.
i am so disappointed, i wanted to love it.
i wanted so badly to love this product
which was a shame since i really wanted to love this product
i really like it
i would love to use it.
i wanted to love this cleanser so much
i wanted to love this so badly.
i wanted to love this
absolutely wanted to love it i read a bunch of reviews on it
i first purchased this because i absolutely love the mask
i love the mask
i really liked the product
loved how it made my skin feel.
wasn't excited with what they did for my face
i did not enjoy this product.
i meant to pick up hope in a jar which i absolutely love
i think this product is ok.
i really wanted to like this
i wanted to like it
i wish i could have loved this product.
i wish i still had the box
was really excited about this
im extremely disappointed because i truly loved the other %22hope%22 products
i really like it
i really wanted to love this product.
hated it so much
then i told myself maybe it wasn't the product it was stress or my diet
i wish this would have worked for me because i love the whole line of products
trust me i wanted it to be.
very dissapointed & will not be purchasing again.
i wanted to love marula oil because of all the skin benifits it's supposed to have
i really like the br
i read so many reviews
i really wanted this to work for my skin
i wanted to love this
was so excited to test it out
i really wanted to like it
i wanted to like it
i tried so hard to like this product that i literally bought it twice
i love de but this just didn't do it for me.
i wanted to love this
wanted to like this product
i hated the feeling of it on my face as i went to sleep
i am feeling disappointed
i honestly tried to get into this with my heart
i really really wanted to love it
i heard so much hype about this serum
i really wanted to love this bar soap
i tried to like this
i agree it is gentle
it just really upset because i was so excited about this product
loved that about it
love the brand, just not this product.
i really wanted to love it
i didn't hate the product
i wasn't too impressed
i loved this product, at first.
i wanted to like this
i really liked this.
i really wanted to like this.
i still love caudalie despite of it =)
i really wanted to like this product
now i regret that
glad i didn't pay for this product.
i really wanted to like this product.
i meant i look terrible
i am a bit disappointed in this one
i tried it about 5 times and was so disappointed.
other than that, i liked it.
this was just ok.
i wasn't super impressed with it
i feel disgusting about it
but really, i was disappointed.
i do love korres though!
not happy at all about this product.
i really wanted to like it
i loved it so much that i finished the whole tube
so disappointed in this product
after reading the reviews i thought this sounded like the perfect product
when i first bought this i was really excited.
i am very disappointed about how small it actually is
i loved the package
i really wanted to love this product.
i got it anyways
i really like this product
i wanted to love this.
i am not sure about
amazingly it did wonders to my tired eyes.
this product was ok.
just remember this is not a br
dunno if i like this yet.
love benefit, but not this stuff!!
i am so disappointed in this product.
lines i didn't know i had
i feel like this product was s waste of money.
i want to love this product.
guess im not a good c
i like this product
i also love how clean
i am not a big clinique fan.
it was just ok
i do love this product
thank god for sephora's awesome return policy.
i really wanted this to work
at first i liked the serum a lot
i really wanted to love this serum
i wanted to love this
i still love their other stuff
i wanted to love this
the only thing i liked about it was how it looked
i hated the whole thing :(
i really am not impressed by this product
thank god i did because i would have returned it immediately for the price
i am a little disappointed by this product.
i am not seeing anything different
i love ptr but this was a no go for me.
very disappointed because i generally love ptr products
i don't hate it
here is where i tried to love it.
just not that excited about the results
at first i thought it was great
i really wanted to like this.
i think because i'm sensitive.
im honestly not that impressed by this mask
was excited to try it out
was really excited to try it
glad i didn't buy the whole jar.
i wanted to love this mask
bummed i spent the money on a product i can't even use
i wanted to like this a lot.
idk what it was
love the way it feels afterwards.
i am always on the hunt for a good glow product.
this is my first item from this like abs i was so excited since everybody is raving about this
i felt like it was working
even though i love this br
i love the clean
i really wanted to love this product.
now i come to learn
i honestly love this.
i honestly love the clean feeling i get from this
two, because my skin is not a fan.
am glad to use it as a free gift
my skin is a lot happier
i wanted to love this
said i would be very happy
i *really* wanted to love this eye treatment.
i love ptr but this really let me down.
i hated the consistency
this product is okay i suppose
i think i'm going to try perricone br
really wanted to like this
i am so sorry that it did not work for me
i love the other stuff
i really wanted this to work because i have horrible dark circles
very disappointed with this product
wanted to love this product
it is definitely not tsa friendly which is important to me as i travel a lot
i love the product
i loved it for a week
i really wanted to love this
i wanted to love this product.
i wouldnt recomend this products to any one.
i dont think this product deserves a star
figured i'd try a product for myself given all the pr hype around the br
i wanted to love this product
i liked the way it felt going on
absolutely love the mask which i use once a week
the first time i used it i thought i liked it
the first time i used it i was in love
i wanted this to work for me
when i heard so many people raving about this br
the first two nights i used it i really liked it
i really wanted to love this product.
i kind of hate it.
i didn't like this product.
i really wanted to love this!!!
i love this product
i do love the packaging it came in
sad it didn't work for me.
i really like this product
i figured i would try out a glam glow cleanser because everyone is in love with this br
it was alright i guess
i know i was a bit more gentle h
super disappointed as i've adored every other product from this br
i liked the packaging
bought this eye cream because i'd heard good things about it
i really did want to love this eye cream.
ncredibly horrible i thought it had gone bad
i wanted to like it
was really excited to try it
i love the feeling
im kinda upset about it considering the price.
i don't think my skin has ever felt more gross.
i just wasn't impressed because because any oil
not impressed with this.
also because i love l'occitane products.
i really loved the texture
maybe i was expecting amazing results that didn't come
so i am done with this stuff.
i wanted to love this so much
it was so disappointing bc i loved everything else about it
i am sad that i spent so much money on this.
i am sorry that i spent $69 on it
i want to love this, but i can't.
i really am so sad :-
i wanted to love this as i've had good luck with other algenist products
i love the algenist line
kinda disappointed considering the price
i definitely have to agree with the previous reviewer
i wanted to like this.
i don't hate it
i mean very well
i liked the idea of the color change concept.
i love masks because i think they make me feel pampered
was excited to try this one
anything that claims to brighten always attracts me coz god knows i need it
was really excited to try it
i really wanted to like it cuz i love the texture of the gel
which i'm disappointed cuz it's so fun to have around
i loved the idea of this
i love the ibuki line in general
i really wish it worked.
i am very disappointed in this especially because of how much i paid for it
i am in love with the rest of the ibuki line
i really wanted to love this because of all the great reviews
i am sad to say it is not working out for me
i am really upset because it took me a year to get my acne under control with dr
i *really* wanted this to work
was so excited to try this br
let me just say that i love shiseido!
i dont get the positive reviews
have been very impressed with this br
i wanted to love this.
first for the price you would've tought it was a full product
wanted to love this product
so wanted to love this
i can say is fabulous
was so excited when i saw this product
i love all things josie!
i don't know y i am experiencing this 'breathing problem every time'
i neither hated it
while i enjoyed how this made my skin look
i wish this had worked with my skin because i think it is a great product
etc for so long that part of me glad that i found out
i am so disappointed with this serum
i am not sure if it was the fragrance
i love the way my face feels after using it
i read great reviews about it
so happy that i went back to ole
i really wanted to love this serum
i absolutely hated it.
i like this product
love the application and the look.
loved hope in a jar dry for about 15 years it was great
i love the philosophy br
not happy at all.
i am so disappointed.
i am amazed at what hope in a jar has done for me over the years
i really wanted to love this for the spf
was sad to see that philosophy discontinued it
i love hope in the jar
i think i like it
let me start by saying i love this brand.
excited to try after reading the reviews.
i feel like i have given it a fair chance
am disappointed this didn't work out
i admit that i was sold on this by people on youtube who were absolutely raving about this oil
as i thought i would obviously love it
this product was a disappointment for me.
sadly i didn't have that great of an experience with luna
i love the packaging
starting off by saying i absolutely love good genes
sad to say it didn't agree with my skin
i wanted to like this product
they never really live up to my expectations
i wanted to love this
i woudln't say it was amazing
at first i absolutely loved this oil.
while i really wanted to love this product
i think i was expecting this product to be amazing
really wanted to like it
which i do think lives up to its rep
thank goodness i got a sample first before splurging on this product
my skin has loved them
i would be a believer
but i am afraid to use it!
even though i liked it
i loved it so much
which is a shame because i love good genes
loved the combo together
i totally didn't follow the quiz i just felt like
i loved the idea of this.
was so excited to use it
i am so disappointed to say that feel like this product is a scam
i wanted to love this.
which i am also meh about
i really wanted to love this.
i love that it has spf
at first i liked it
after a couple uses i wasnt to thrilled
i am so disappointed in this primer.
thank goodness i didn't pay $65 for this
i see why some love this.
i am not a fan.
i like the idea
this was the weirdest thing i think i have put on my face
i love the concept of this product
i wanted to like this.
really wanted to love this.
love murad, but this is a total miss.
i really wanted to love this product!
i love how this product looks
i actually really liked it.
i hate to write this bad review because i swear by first aid beauty's eye cream
was happy about that
i really wish it had worked better
disappointed after all the hype about this product
i loved how light it was
i love other fab products but this is terrible.
at first i loved it
i really wanted to like this.
really over all ok.
over all no wowed, but don't hate.
i liked how it felt
i am not just frustrated with this product
so i thought this was perfect!
i really wanted to love this
i wanted this to work so bad!!!
this felt great on my h
i really wanted my face to feel
this product really disappointed me
i wanted to love this
i love the feel of it
i read great reviews on this
i feel like the alcohol just kinda contracts that
the brand rep convinced me to give it a try.
i really wanted it to work.
loved it the first try
i want to love this because of the reviews
i absolutely love it
i do love this product
i really wanted to like this product
i read such great reviews
was really excited to try it
it's sad because i really wanted to like this
i wanted to like this.
i love some other belif products
i loved how lightweight it felt
sad since i really wanted to love this :(
i got this because i've recently been interested in korean beauty products
i love the way it feels on my skin
i am not a fan
i really wanted to love this
the scent wasn't something i was excited about it
i wanted to love this
at first i really loved how moisturizing yet might weight this stuff was
this really freaked me out.
i wanted to like this because of how lightweight it was
i think they have a great line.
was so excited to try it
two people even commented on how i look really tired
i am not in love with it
i really wanted this to work for me
i wanted to love this but i did not.
thank jeebus for sephora's great return policy!
i just have to relay how disappointed i am with this item
i do like this br
i appreciate how smooth the product is
i wanted to be impressed with this eye cream.
very disappointed with this product.
i wish it did both or i would love it!
i wasn't that pleased so now i just use it on my lips at night
i wanted to love this.
i really wanted to see results from all the amazing reviews
didnt realize it has a tint to it which i was excited to find out
wow my skin hates this product!
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to love this
it disappointed me so much
i really wanted to love this thing- i liked getting a mud
just didn't live up to expectations
i loved it at first
i really liked it the first few times i used it
i love the concept of the product
i don't love it
i love all my other glamglow products
i am not in love with this oil as i am not finding it as hydrating as i was hoping to
i am good to go
i am switching back because that is a really great
let me start by saying i am a huge algenist fan.
it also felt like i had flakey
very disappointed in the quality
realized it was not for me
was really excited to try it out because of the texture
i love the rest of their products
i really wanted to love this.
this isn't the dream product i had hoped for
i am a big fan of algenist
after reading the reviews wanted to love this cream
loved the fact that it was spf
i felt like i needed a shower
im so glad i didn't buy
which i really wanted to like-
i really wanted to like it
was excited they have an spf version
but i am very disappointed in it.
i really wanted to like this product
i really wanted to like this.
i don't love it.
i still love you
was excited to try it out
was very excited to use it
glad i didn't buy it.
was not happy with it
i really wanted to like it as i generally have a good experience with sephora br
i wish i would have liked this mask because of the price
i didn't think my skin felt that good afterwards
didn't really work well for me, personally.
i so want to love this
wasn't happy with it.
i love it feels so refreshed
let me tell yall about this stuff right here
idk got to describe the way it feels
i loved how it went on my skin so cool
i so wanted to love this!
i honestly like the thick consistency of this product
i really just bought this out of curiosity
i don't hate it but i don't love it.
wasn't expecting anything amazing.
i like the product
i find this oil just alright.
i love this product.
let me say that i loved the night-a-mins face cream
thats honestly what caught my eye
very disappointed with this face cream.
i tried this mask once and i enjoyed it.
first i have to say that i love caudalie products
i really liked it
i wasn't known away or terrible disappointed either
honestly i'm disappointed because it does nothing to my skin
i will not recommend it to my friends.
i feel like it got really disappointed in caudalie
i love how this br
which makes me so sad because i simply adore caudalie
i wanted to love the product
was really excited to use it
i really like this oil
i always wanted to try sunday riley
that's the nicest thing i can say about this
loved the idea of this one
i wanted to love this product however
this reminds me of my husb
i tell myself it is
i love the divine line
i liked the feel of this cream
promised me my eyes would look fabulous immediately
was happy to try dear matt
singing it everyday thinking some day i would see results
sadly this didn't work for me.
i felt like i kept it too long
i love the idea of this product
i love other products by boscia
seriously, i hated it.
i really wanted results
i like the idea
i love all things boscia
i wanted to like this
at first i loved it
i wanted to love this
i love the way it feels
i liked the 2 products together.
i definitely liked the essence better then the boscia sake water
unfortunately the scent they've chosen is not my favorite
i tried this product.
however i hate the way it feels.
i am not impressed
but idk what its doing to my skin.
it reminded me of something my gr
now that i see what it costs, i'm really shocked.
sad because i thought it would be good.
i think i like the product.
i've heard a lot of great stuff about perricone
breakouts it was absolutely crazy i was so mad i am 16
btw it did brighten my skin at all i'm so mad
i wanted to love this product
i love all the other masks
have heard good things about glamglow as a br
afterwards my skin felt absolutely wonderful
i really did enjoy how my skin felt
i really love this mask
today i felt like i had to
it didn't impress me
i wanted to really love this mask
disappointed in this product
i really wanted to love this product.
i really wanted to like it
i like the product
was very disappointed anyway
super bummed this didn't work for me.
i love this product
i love the way this feels on my skin!
i really hoped i liked this product because i liked the black one
the smell is just to strong as if theyve added fragrance to it wich i personally dont like
tight afterwards wich i also wasnt a huge fan of
honestly, this is okay.
f you like that feeling
you'll definitely love this
i really wanted to like this mask i was so excited to have purchased it
i really wanted to love this product since i have been searching for a sunscreen
i wanted to like these
coming from someone who loves
didn't foam as much as i would have liked
i really liked this cleansing oil at first
i wanted to love this oil
i wanted to love this
while i love the feel
i am glad sephora lets you return.
that's honestly how i felt so need to say this is my experience with this product
i wanted to like this mask
highly disappointed as this did absolutely nothing for my skin
i am a skincare junkie so this was definitely disappointing
i dislike the mask-like feeling of the +
i love it my skin is normal
i wanted to love this product
i really wanted to like this product
i disappointed to say the least.
sad this didn't work for me.
i dunno how i feel about this yet.
sorry but this was a return for me.
i really hate that feeling
i really wanted to like this product.
i because i liked the words 'bouncy gel
while i loved the consistency
i just didn't love it
i am not so impressed.
wow i'm glad i took it
it's a shame, because i love the hope in a jar.
i am very disappointed in this eye cream
i really wanted to love this.
i got this product because i heard about it from a youtube girl she said its supposed to be really good
i think because of its consistency u end up using alot of product every time
really sad about the purchase.
i don't hate it
i liked it at first
i really really tried
thank god i see the reviews before i buy!
at first i liked it was really light
i wanted to love this
i love this line
i generally love boscia's product
i wanted to love this so bad!
they seem to love it
i wanted to love this product as i love boscia's charcoal products dearly
not a fan at all.
i mean, i've always had good luck with them.
i feel like i can feel it
one of my first oh loves
i am so disappointed.
for me personally i don't like that sticky feeing
loved it the first time i used it
third time i wasn't convinced anymore
it was just ok.
just ok... i've had better
i love every ole product i have ever tried
i like this eye cream but i dont love it!
which is a shame because i love this br
was not impressed at all
i normally love l'occitane products
as i love the whole l'occitane line
i am very surprised
disappointed with this product
i felt like i always had to keep reapplying it!
oh my god do i regret it
my skin felt ok
i don't mind the price if i love the product.
couldn't love this one.
i absolutely love l'occitane products
'm really shocked this irritated me so much
'm giving it 3 stars
i really wanted to like it
because i generally love l'occitane products
i really wanted to like this
i really liked the product
i really wanted to love this
i would not recommend to any friends disappointed in this product
i wanted to love this product
although i enjoyed using it
'm definitely glad i didn't purchase the full size bottle because it would be returned
was so excited to try this serum
i always am wanting to try new things
but its not a wow product!
i love the product so much that i'm keeping it
i liked it at first
i really really wanted to like this cream
hated to see it go to waste so now i just use it on my h
i wasn't impressed with this product.
why people love it so much
i really wanted this masque to work for me
i feel like the first reviewer has never actually tried the mask
that's when i really started to see results
i like it but i don't love it.
i don't love or hate it.
at first, i really liked this product.
i wanted to love this product.
would've loved to try it
i really wanted to love this product since its free of oil
i am not a fan
disappointed, not what it's advertised to be.
i wanted so badly to like this!
i wish i had liked it as much as others..
not impressed at all
i am a bit disappointment with this one
very confused by this foero
i honestly wasted my money
oh my goodness boy i was excited to try this.
i wanted to love this i did
i really wanted to love it
i tried to love it
at first i really liked this mask.
i honestly wanted to love this
i hated this cream.
was excited to try it
very thankful that i didn't pay anything for this
i love the idea of this company
this product is ok
i really wanted to like this product
i think i was smitten with the packaging!
too bad, because i really liked it otherwise!
i wanted to love this
i touch my face alot
i wanted to like this- the br
thank god i didn't actually purchase it
(because yes, i love layering products)
i really really wanted to like this product
i am so glad to read the other
although i like this, i don't love it.
i can't say i'm all that impressed with the product itself
really disappointed that this didn't work for me.
was so happy when i found this
sigh, i really wanted to love this product.
because i love what this br
i imagine this would work great
really wanted to love this for my oily
i loved every single claim in this product
had read rave reviews about this stuff
i wanted so badly to love this oil after reading all the positive reviews
i wanted to like this very much
my skin loves this oil
was super excited to try this product because i love what the br
neither loved nor hated it
loved the way my face felt after
i wanted to enjoy this mask
i really wanted to like this mask.
i really wanted to love this
wish i could've given it a chance
was really excited when i got this mask from sephora after reading all the amazing reviews about it
i am so disappointed that i didn't see the results that everyone has been mentioning
after reading all the rave reviews i decided to give this product a try
i wanted to love this mask
let me start by saying that i really tried to love this product
glad i tried it
i liked the idea of the glass packaging
sadly, ive seen absolutely no difference.
i love the other products i've gotten from this br
i wanted to love this so much
i really wanted to like it given the company's philosophy
i really really really wanted to like this product because of farmacy's philosophy
so kinda bummed about that.
i honestly read all the reviews on this product
i really need that in my life
so disappointed since i love other farmacy products
sadly, i was terribly disappointed.
wanted to love it because of the great reviews i saw before purchasing it
i really hate to write a negative review
i am disappointed with the product
i like this product
i wanted to love it.
many people are loving it
unfortunately i highly disliked it.
i wanted to love this because i love all of drunk elephant's products
i wanted to love this so badly
really disappointed about this one.
i really wanted to like
i wanted to love this product.
i really like this brand.
i read so many great reviews about this product
i wanted to like it
i really wanted this to be great
i love it and hate it.
however i do really love the shiny look
i've heard great things about de
was so excited to try it because i love korean beauty products
was excited to try it
im not a fan of the packaging either
im a guy and i liked the smell of this.
other than that, i loved it!
i liked the concept of it
i agree with the ppl who say this product is overrated
i love the feel in my h
'm a big fan of smell good face treatments this didn't add any perk to my day lol sorry guys not worth it
this was just ok.
i love the way it feels
sad it didn't work i usually like caudalie :(
i wanted to love this since it's so expensive
this was the item i was most excited about
i am disappointed, and annoyed at the price.
i am pretty sure this has made my wrinkles st
i am kind of sad because i really like caudalie's product
doesn't work fast at all thank god sephora gives samples bc i will not be buying this
very very dissapointing product.
i really wanted this product to work.
very disappointed, definitely returned it .
i feel like this product is such a disappointment that i had to share my frustration online
would love to find something that really works!
folks tell me i look young for my age
i hate writing bad reviews because i typically love everything i buy at sephora
i regret this completely.
i never write bad reviews
i think this product is working
was so excited about black beauty br
i am so upset that i wasted my money on this!
the aha/bha aspect of this intrigued me
and that's why i actually bought this product.
my skin hates them all
loved the way it felt on my face
i really wanted to love this
i wanted to like this one
i love that line
i really wanted to love this br
i wanted to love this product
as my face is not happy with me
was excited to try it after reading all of the reviews
so far i am loving it
trust me i've tried a lot of skin care
really wanted this to work
i actually believed the ads i saw that allure was raving about this product
so bummed i wasted this.much money.
it would have to turn me into like selena gomez for the smell to be worth it
i didnt really think it worked for me.
i really love sunday riley stuff
this product shocked me a bit
this is the only product from sunday riley that i have tried that i havent fallen in love with
this product is ok
i guess my skin just reacted bad to it
this is the first product i've used in a very long time that i absolutely hated
while i love the feel
after reading reviews i want so stoked
because it feels so freaking nice.
super excited to get this bc i love sunday riley products
i really love sunday riley products.
i wanted to love it.
i think because i love luna so much
i feel that i just wasted my money
i've heard a lot of people say they love this
i also liked that it had spf 20.
this product is ok.
when i first got this moisturizer in my sephora play box i was excited because it kept me matte for a really long time
love ptr masks but this is not good.
i love the consistency
chose to buy this one since everyone seemed to be raving about it
i really didn't like this product.
so disappointed with this product
was very happy about that
not my favorite enro product.
i wanted to love this product
i wish i had better news!
