luxurious cream to use- lovely texture
i appreciate that it has almost no fragrance
i swear this product tinted my skin purple/blue!
yes the product is "indigo"
i loved the gentle color of this cream
the indigo line always leaves me feeling a little 'eh'
it has a light oat scent
which is not to my personal taste
i feel that it is too strongly fragranced
i loved the fact that it was a silver shimmer
it doesn't really do much than make your face smell like a piña colada
the mask smells like coconut.
the coconut smell is nice
it smells like the way a disgusting artificial coconut c
guess i won't be buying the glam glow limited edition sonic blue mask
the mask smells delicious, like coconuts.
it smelled like a pina colada which was fine.
i can taste the chemicals after it's set in
with a fruity thing going on
almost smells like a tropical car wash or maybe a tanning salon minus the charred skin
the orange and blue are my fave!
the texture, the marshmallow smell.
there's zero scents which may be good for people with sensitive skin
i think that's due to the fragrance
t smells like old lettuce
i love first aid beauty products
while i like that it is fragrance free
the scent is great.
there is a definite scent to the product
this serum has a pleasant fragrance
the serum smells lovely
i love fresh products
is not greasy or perfumery
i find this too creamy
the 2 silk pillowcases i immediately bought said right on the label "facial beauty pillowcase"
get a couple silk pillowcases
this product is fragrance-free
it has a light pleasant scent
it has a medicinal smell, too.
i don't love the spray bottle either
it's not overly chemically scented
it has a nice fruity smell to it
the smell is very sour like grapefruit or lemon which i kind of like
i like the creamy texture.
has no scent that i notice
it's citrusy but with some awful top notes.
the scent is amazing.
the walnut scrub is my favorite.
i didn't enjoy the gloppy texture
which is exactly like the homemade mask i make with sugar
i wish the raw sugar was more gentle.
i make an exception for murad fragrances
the scent, however, is unpleasant.
it isn't as creamy in texture.
no issues with fragrance
it was too creamy
product smells like pickles.
the scents a tad strong in the jar
then about 2 minutes later my olfactory system was overwhelmed by the noxious perfume overload
good lort- the pelargonium graveolens flower oil
smells overpoweringly of old lady musty rose
i actually like rose scent on most things
almost alcohol or fermented smelling
i can't get the scent right
scents don't irritate my skin either.
i like the concept of a charcoal mask
the scent is so strong
holy cow- it was so floral to me
a subtle scent which i enjoy
i love the scent
skin care products should not be heavily perfumed
immediately switched back to my rosebud salve
it's a lightweight, citrusy oil.
not a total fan of the scent, but it is light.
out there with more natural scents
it smells pleasant like lemon
nice blend of oils though.
too heavy of a scent for my face
it is a nice blend of oils
loved the citrus smell
it reminds me of orange glo furniture polish my mom used to use
it was like a wet candle.
it smells like cheese
le your face smelling like cheese
as you start rubbing it in it smells like one of those kraft singles pieces of cheese
no minty or fresh feel at all.
i'd prefer to just use pure aloe over this.
my second gripe with this product is the fragrance
it also has a strong scent.
get something more creamy
it is not a fine mist at all
provide a pleasant spritz to the face
maybe lemongrass or something else herb-y
love all things tarte
i love the scent
first, i love tarte products.
i absolutely love tarte products
that pure plush was the new cleanser
while i love the scent of the cleanser
it is an ok cleanser with a pleasant enough earthy scent
the gelee is a cool concept
and the fragrance was a turn-off.
the alcohol and perfume will not be your friends.
the fragrance is too strong
artificial fragrance that lingers the way actual fragrances do
love the rose night cream
if the scent was more mild i would happily use it
like old rotting roses
nothing could hide the scent
this product is waaaaay too fragrant
i am irritated by the scent
it used to be rich, creamy, and lightly fragrant.
has a strong cheap-perfume smell
i liked the light scent
this cream is tacky at first
tarte is incredible otherwise
blends in non-greasy which is nice
it smells like a men's cologne.
i prefer an herbal or natural scent
clear glass with some colored flowers
the consistency of the creme is light
it has a nice fresh cucumber scent
it smells like cucumbers :) and it's refreshing.
i loved the texture
even if the fragrance is natural
i think i'll stick with argan oil--no fragrance
the fragrance/possibly the dye?
the smell is kind of unpleasant like the "unscented" fragrance
the beige color is also subtle
i am not a fan of the shimmer
" which is a nude mauve
this is a beautiful product
the product is lovely.
none of clinique products have fragrance other than their perfumes
no scent which i like
it has a lovely velvety foam which was nice
it states that its not-scented on the bottle
i am not a massive fan of floral scents
this just smelt so strongly like roses
just from breathing in the scent all day long
definitely a pass if you are the type of person that is sensitive to scents or isn't a fan of floral scents
it smells so lovely like roses
it has a mild/moderate rose scent that doesn't last too long
i found the rose scent to be pleasant
i think the rose fragrance was too much for my skin
while it was creamy
if you like the scent of roses
i love all the rose fresh products
the scent is more like lotion than like rose water or anything floral
i think the rose fragrance was an irritant for me as well
love my other fresh products
i love the fresh black tea line
i will return to the black tea cream.
the scent is wonderful.
moist also bouncy w/a glow
the natural scent of the ingredients is subtle
the scent coats your entire face
this was a unisex scent
i don't usually mind a bit of fragrance
it's very floral and it lingers.
this one smelled like a strong men's cologne
scent i can't st
in hot weather yeast doesn't smell so great
the scent is indeed very strong.
had to wash it off due the strong cheap perfume scent similar to bug spray
it smells like flowers with b
this smells like abercrombie
i love the brand origins.
it does have a strong scent
i couldn't tolerate the scent
while i am not overly sensitive to fragrance
if strong scents are not a problem for you
mother perfume that was made into a serum all over
i don't like using heavily scented things on my face
i think the artificial perfumes alone are enough to irritate my skin
ma's over-powering floral scented perfume
the fragrance--although pleasant--was far too strong for me
the fragrance didn't bother me
natural than highly perfumed
i just can't get past the scent
it is very perfumed
i don't like perfume on my face
a floral powdery scent to me.
if you like floral scents this may work for you.
the scent is giving me a headache
the scent is overwhelming
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone sensitive to smell or fragrance
i wouldn't buy a whole bottle because of the fragrance
the scent is lovely
my main issue with this serum is the scent- way too strong
this shouldn't have any kind of fragrance
the scent is strong--
not in my flavor wheel
this is scented, and has shimmer (in it).
i think the fragrance bothers me more than the shimmery ingredient
the strong perfume smell
since the bottle is glass
it has a soapy citrus smell that i'm not too crazy about
the glass bottle was very heavy
while the packaging looks luxe
eyeliner was chalky not creamy.
it is very strongly scented almost like cologne
the smell is very mushrooms
this product has a very strong perfume scent.
if you are sensitive to scents
i wasn't keen on the scent
which reminded me of old floral water
if you are sensitive to perfumes
i personally liked the earthy herb scent
i enjoyed the cucumber smell
i found the scent off putting
this product has a very nice lightweight gel formula which i love using in the summer plus a fresh smell that's pleasant
the fragrance is pretty bad
i did enjoy a kind of citrusy scent it had.
smells like lemon sorbet
motherly like scent of it
the scent is strong rose
very heavily scented and thick.
there is a light fragrance
fragrance is found within the first dozen ingredients
while you may love the luxury feel of fragrance
too organic for me
i love the texture
i do like the herby scent it has
found the scent to be very pleasant
not greasy or tinted
it has a very strong citrus-y smell
i prefer my skin care products to be without added fragrance
it also has a very strong fragrance
it had a delightful scent
the rose they use smells so strange, like dill.
infused with nourishing shea
it has a light pleasant scent which i appreciate since i am sensitive to scents
for this small bottle of beautiful smelling oil
i am not sensitive at all to scents
it's awesome- smells like a vanilla cupcake
smells like alcohol with an after smell slightly resembling nail polish remover
the scent was too overpowering
it smelled like men's aftershave
the fragrance was nice
this product has way too much scent!
not the best choice for anyone who is sensitive to perfumes
as a lover of red wine
i love the natural ingredients
it have a very minty sensation that sometimes gives you a minty burning sensation in the eyes
aside from the beautiful packaging
the scent is pleasant but very mild.
it smells better than witch hazel
the scent of it was like cologne
this would have been a great product without the fragrance
this is very citrusy
felt like i was splashing lemon juice all over my face
luxuriously feeling thick cream
it's just perfume-y.
the cream smells like baby powder to me.
i don't normally like perfumey facial products
the hydrogenated oil in it is a strange ingredient choice
it has a very silk texture
silky liquid for 30 days
doesn't smell like chemicals or fake flowers
i love the texture of it
drunk elephant is my favorite skincare brand.
3 stars for great ingredients
ordered the pearl shade thinking it would be great
very ice cream-y and sweet.
it's one of those fruity smells that gives you a slight headache
this is very shimmery.
like middle school dance shimmery.
artificial fragrances are so bad for the skin
it's just an expensive cream that smells like ice cream
the fragrance of this moisturizer is yummy
this smells exactly like an orange creamsicle
which surely that much fragrance isn't good for the skin
it's like someone took an orange creamsicle
amplified the smell with more creamsicle
it also has a strong scent
the bubblegum smell is too strong for a face product
i still smell like bubblegum after several hours
the scent of this is very fruity
i love the scent
the packaging, scents, etc.
some sort of coconut white chocolate
this smells like a bath
body work creamsicle reject scent
the smell combined with the oily texture of the moisturizer feels really invasive to my skin
i like my scrubs to be minty feeling this is just ok
i like the grittiness of the product
the packaging is too fragile for my taste
smells a bit like peppers
it has a strange, vinegary smell.
this stuff has the consistency of canned frosting
very subtle, inoffensive scent.
it has a strange consistency that's a cross between a moisturizer
it has the consistency of frosting.
it was heavily perfumed to me
i also found the scent to be overpowering
the fragrance is just too much on this product
it has has a very strong perfume that is not pleasant
because the scent was overpowering
the heavy fragrance is too much.
cannot endure the intense artificial smell
it has a masculine fragrance that i find too strong
if you're sensitive to scents you should pass
it has a perfume scent
wanted to like it as i had a sample of the egg mellow body
in my opinion in smells like a baby's powdered bottom
it does have a fragrance but it not overpowering.
the packaging was so beautiful
it has beautiful packaging
i liked the scent of the product
it also has shimmer .
it has gold glitter
there is just a straight smell of vodka
smells like glue and acetone.
the charcoal and pink rose clay are great
smells like vodka, second ingredient is alcohol.
it smells like a harsh vodka as soon as you put it on
it felt like i was breathing in a strong overpowering citrus fragrance
the alcohol odor was like a shot of vodka right under my nose
mixed with an orange juice scent
i normally like the smell of mixed drinks
the product is creamy, but not too thick.
i noticed this abundant greasy texture
for me the fragrance is overpowering
perhaps the tannins were just too astringent for me
it has a very strong fragrant smell to it.
maybe too fragrant for this sensitive face?
love suds it created
scent which i could not st
it smells clean and minty .
horrible like cheap perfume
it was very faintly scented
however, the scent is very strong.
it does contain fragrance which i hate
i love the light clean scent it has
it's like cheap men's cologne!
i wasn't a fan of the scent
it smells like patchouli, my most hated scent.
this cream is heavily scented
it's like layering full-power old lady perfume on your face
this stuff is so heavily fragranced
natural essential oils smell
i mean a heavy, fake, perfume smell.
i don't mind the scent
i will say that this product is very heavily scented
the scent reminds me of an over perfumed gr
i couldn't get past the strong perfumed scent
and the scent was overpowering to me.
the strong perfume scent alone would be enough to turn me off of the product
the smell was very strong -- i generally go for facial products with a more subtle scent
its so runny and has a fragrance i don't like.
i loved the lightweight formula and scent!
it is so overly perfumed and it lingers.
i found the scent too heavy
there's definitely fragrance in this product
it smells like alcohol and cheap perfume.
lancôme with department store perfume counters in my mind
cheap old man cologne
it has a strong scent of rubbing alcohol
fragrance in skincare is bad....mkay!
unpleasant, almost musty scent.
love the scent of it
the fragrance is irritating
problem is i find the fragrance components a little irritating on my skin
the scent is noxious
i really liked the scent of this cleanser
should've read the ingredients first.
it had a beautiful pink iridescence to it that surprised me
this product leaves a beautiful glow
gagged at the scent
it has an overpowering sweet
it smells like a mix of old bay seasoning
the smell is very herbaceous from all the essential oils
i hope they change the scent
it's like applying a ltasteless orange marmalade to your face
its chunky because of the fruity material
feel likes little pieces of orange pulp.
the smell is delicious if you like citrus
i appreciate the "freshness" of the mask since there are citrus pieces in it
the texture of the mask is disgusting
the fruit pieces were disgusting
it has a great citrus fragrance
citrusy and fresh great for a spa day mask.
see that fragrance has been added
was like rubbing marmalade on my face.
like a citrusy fruity party all over my face
was definitely thrown by the chunky pulpy salsa consistency
it has a very pleasant, citrus smell.
i love fresh mask
didn't like the gooey texture with the chunks of fruit
it felt like jam or like i was smearing orange marmalade over my face
it felt like smearing marmalade on my face!
pulpy texture that is super sticky
despite the enchanting smell
didn't blend in well.
felt like i was just spreading mashed up peaches
i love the scent
it literally feels like jam on your face with little apricot
it's like a marmalade put in a nice expensive jar
tried this mask purely for the scent
it smells like apricot jam or marmalade with the same consistency
it has the consistency of orange marmalade
is very heavily scented with essential oils like the other th products
the scent is too cloying
it has a brown color
there is not fragrance added.
what i found annoying is the very high percentage of radish root ferment
less on the radish
subtle glow, strong herbal scent.
find this to be very aggressively herbal with pungent sour grassy notes rather than floral or citrus
they seem to always smell like she is adding fragrances
this product is very shimmery
i only gave it 3 stars because i love the scent
the product itself is a beautiful opal color
all the benefits from honey
it's fun to see the texture change from goopy honey to milky cream
there is a slight honey like scents that does linger on as the mask sits on the skin
after that the scent al
because i love the texture
it comes in a beautiful jar
i buy manuka honey from bee keepers frequently
for now i can make my own face mask out of my manuka honey
this glotion is much to shimmery
smells the same, a lovely light rose scent.
i don't think i would mind a cucumber scent
i hate the smell of celery
it smells strongly of old perfume
the scent of this product gives me a headache
but what is up with the scent?!
the perfume alone keeps me from purchasing
the fragrance is a super strong cologne type smell that i found overpowering
like artificial herbs and flowers.
it is heavily rose fragranced.
follow with coconut or olive oil
unfortunately i can't get past the perfume fragrance
the packaging is gorgeous however
the product is in a glass bottle
love the glass bottle
5 stars for the natural ingredients
spinach in the ingredients
the texture is light and the scent is lovely.
there was no distinct scent
the packaging is chic.
i tried to blend it
a fine mist of setting spray
please work on the horrid scent!!
mineral oil and fragrance and alcohol.
it went from a dreamy whipped bouncy texture to yet another murky thick curdled mess in a jar
i give this cream 3 stars for thick creamy texture
i just couldn't live with the added fragrance.
while a nice citrus scent
if you like heavy masculine smells in your skincare
i smelled like men's cologne.
the smell is nice, kind of citrusy.
to me it's a ginger/lemon scent.
the scent of the cream
this product has a lovely spa-like smell to it
i quite like the herbal scent.
the consistency is very creamy
the "beige" color was darker than my porcelain/ivory skin
it has a very strong fragrance.
firstly it has a medicinal smell
even other charcoal products
i loved the texture
there's no mineral oil or artificial fragrance
the smell is herbal
also, not a fan of the scent.
it does have a faint rose geranium (?)
it smells super clinical
the scent is so overpowering
it smells like baby powder with flowers.
i don't mind scents
it doesn't feel like cashmere
the scent is fairly pleasant.
really subtle vanilla scent that is barely there
this cream feels luxurious
i just cannot get past the scent
must change the scent
it smells to me like hay or dried grass.
the formula itself was very creamy
nutty scent i knew what this "single
this cream felt soothing
had virtually no scent
if you are sensitive to scent
had to wash it off immediately because the floral/powdery scent is so overwhelming
the scent is still lingering on my h
this ain't my cup of tea
the oil smells like olive oil
just like the coconut balm
since its coconut oil
had no scent at all also
there is a faint smell of lavender
sulfate with lots of fragrance
the packaging is beautiful
just plain grapeseed oil
the silky feeling of the cleansing oil
i got pass the smell of apple cider vinegar because i really want good skin
i expected a creamy foamy wash like the fab cleanser which i love
this was just watery
the scent that i washed it off
i know honey is naturally pretty fragrant
the scent is almost overpowering
it also smells very strongly of honey
it mixes to a frothy liquid
this stuff is straight up iridescent glitter!
love the rainforest of the sea moisturizer
love tarte, but just no.
this moisturizer is loaded with fine multicolored glitter
my skin is olive and this is way too pink.
and the shimmer is too pearly for my taste.
i also can't see the shimmer being shimmery enough to use as a highlighter
i literally glow like a twilight vampire.
glitter was everywhere and formula felt tacky.
i realized it was a pink tint with tons of glitter
it was super creamy
a very abundant amount of glitter!
glitter bomb or glowy sheen
this product is pure glitter
i do however love tarte makeup
it's glitter not shimmer.
this was a sparkling glitter bomb.
but this tarte one is surprisingly small.
this tarte comes out whitish pinkish
like i said sephora is a creamy beige more with skin color
i love anything shimmer
it does have glitter in the formula or shimmer
old lady perfume smell
it is lightly scented & i love that.
it's not my go to eye cream because the fragrance is quite strong
i noticed a pretty strong fragrance with this product right away
they seem to add unnecessary scents to quite a few of their products
i don’t like to put scented cream on my face
i do like the scent of the eye cream.
the scent was very light
i love the fresh products
and wth is with the fragrance?
i did not find the scent offensive.
the perfume is also extremely irritating because it's strong
this product is loaded with irritating fragrance.
the scent lasts a long time too.
my only problem is the strong fragrance.
i really wish this was in a fragrance free version
the fragrance is so strong!
with a high astringent note
was expecting a citrus kind of smell
it smells like stale vinegar
it smells like strong vinegar.
because of how heavily scented this product is
you know, that cheap watery pink soap???
my biggest complaint is that it is shimmery
it smells lovely, light scent.
an obvious fragrance which is irritating to sensitive skin
i fell in love with the scent
the product smells faintly of coconut water which isn't bad
it's not the greatest scent
i love first aid beauty products
bought both the charcoal
green tea micellar waters
the green tea smells pleasant
the scent is a fake rose smell
with it being grey-tinged
fragrance is very high up on the list.
might try other scents.
also too much fragrance.
the scent was nice and it smelt very luxurious.
however, the fragrance is just too strong.
don't mind the scent at all
otherwise, the fragrance is quite strong.
felt to creamy for a mask.
soothing that i prefer to this one
my only issue is the fragrance is quite strong
it has the sorbet like texture
the fragrance is good
or at least only have natural smells from the ingredients used
the scent is very strong
it's not a clean scent either- it's very flowery
sort of get a hair spray vibe
i loved the texture of it
while i love the texture of this product
i love the that it has 47 spf & and is tinted.
it's more like medium with golden undertones
is too fragrant for me
although the added heavily-floral fragrance that's found throughout the clarins line may feel luxurious to you
science demonstrates that fragrance
my face looks like a pepperoni pizza.
lala retro whipped cream has been a miracle
i don't care for the grainy feeling of the chickpea flour
the texture is sticky
imagine like 2 flavors ice cream in a jar
the gel/cream sounds interesting in theory
it has a tea/herbal scent
rather than the regular nutty scent of argan oil
the citrus smell is fantastic.
i loved the scent
it smells like an orange creamsicle
had a nice refreshing scent
this lotions smells great
it smells a little fruity
the orange creamsicle scent was cloying
there's a boatload of synthetic fragrance in here
for the first hour you are wearing it you can smell the fruitiness of the lotion
over powering orange scent
i love the smell of coconut
was displeased with the strong scent that was in this cream
it didn't have a natural or even sweet fragranced coconut scent that i was expecting
while the ingredients don't list fragrance
this product has a strong scent
i think plain coconut oil from the grocery store works better
it's not a scent i particularly like
it also has fragrance in it.
its more bubbly than foamy
i don't care much for the scent
some pros of this product are: fresh mint smell
the scent is refreshing
a less-than-pleasant scent
it's very very thick and creamy.
the texture is chalky
my biggest complaint is the fragrance is really strong
didn't have a heavy fragrance in it
the perfume is also overbearing
the small amount of fragrance that is included
sadly just can't tolerate the overwhelming floral perfume they scented it with :
this has a super heavy scent
the serum is light with a bit of a scent
the scent smells almost artificial
the blend of this oil sounded promising to me
there isn't any fragrance which is nice
especially the tea tree
it did not have any strong fragrances
i love the minty smell
has a nice scent to it
it's like a minty smell
the scent is strong
i enjoyed the scent
it also has a very strong tea tree oil scent which i didn't like unfortunately
i will say that the minty smell
all 3 products in this line has a strong eucalyptus
it also has the same strong eucalyptus
peppermint scent as the toner
also with the same lovely scent that the other balance products have
i love the refreshing scent of this product.
it has a quite strong tea tree kind of scent
i still don't like the heavy tea tree oil smell
i love the texture
i just can't get past the scent
it's almost like a musky smell
i couldn't stop sneezing from the strong perfume scent
it is also highly fragrant
it is a sour tangy scent that lingers
it reminds me of cooking oil except the scent of farsali is citrusy
this one i'm aware of the scent all day
the scent was fairly pleasant
love that this doesn't have chemicals or hard-to-pronounce ingredients
i like this for a luxurious touch
also the scent was amazing
just another beauty oil
only 3 months after purchasing this elixir the fresh citrus smell went away
it also has a weird lemon scent.
the fragrance was all gone
the plant extracts just ad fragrance
the unicorn essence does not only have a magical name
i did not find the sweet vanilla scent overpowering
nor did i find the product's pink glitter coloring to st
the fact it's a pink color
i love it's a nice glass bottle
the packaging is beautiful
its cute that the oil is pink
while on paper it sounds wonderful with all of the superfruit extracts
smells like fruit loops
ssssttoooooppppp with the excessive fragrance
y smell" is not natural- it's added fragrance
i didn't like the glitter or purple color
i like that it is a purple bottle
it also has a scent
it just looks like pink watery glitter
and i like sweet scents
but it was sticky and it smelt like candy.
not very light the two stars are for the scent
its kind of like licorice
etc it also has added perfume
it had this tingly menthol feeling
foul smelling reformulation of their beloved classic sorbét creme
it's texture was sublime.
now onto the scent
opening this jar was likeopening a bottle of cheap drgstore perfume
my eyes were onfire like i spreyed the perfumed directly in it
the fragrance is also much stronger
the fragrance is the same
the fragrance in this product is so overpowering
it does have a strong perfume scent
fragrance is a bit too overpowering.
it has a pleasant herbal scent but not for $42!
the fragrance sticks around for a while
if you are sensitive to fragrances
it is highly perfumed
there are a lot of fragrance ingredients
i really like the scent of this serum.
it has a lemon grass smell to it
the mask has a strong rubber smell
i ordered moist lover/ hydration lover
the ingredients are wonderful
i don't like the water texture
why they put a cologne smelling scent in this?
furthermore the fragrance may irritate sensitive skin
the fragrance is out of control
i love the texture
fragrance could mean anything
the oil is blend
this product has a very distinct, pine scent.
think it may have been the coconut ingredient
they have a literal dark purple hue.
i love the silky texture
i loved the packaging of this cream.
no colors or perfumes
a obsession with any/all beauty products
it has no scent
the container is cute
loved the blue metallic color when the light strike
has a very pungent blueberry smell.
especially with the metallic blue colour.
smell is like old leaves mixed with mint or similar to earthy essential oil
the first thing as soon as i opened it was this overwhelming herbal/musky smell
i love the texture of this fun cleanser bouncy bar
smells like latex gloves.
more like a creamy cleanser where the stock gets gummy
it smells exactly the same as the glamglow glow starter nude moisturizer
this ingredient comes after fragrance
this also contains lemon
i wish they had chosen to leave those ingredients out because then the fresh vitamin nectar moisture glow face cream does contain a lot of good for your skin ingredients
i love fresh products
use the floral toner
there were white gooey
it does smell like a watermelon jolly rancher
the overnight mask contains artificial fragrance.
the scent is heavenly.
it has an amazingly fresh watermelon scent to it
it smells like watermelon heaven
i love the glow recipe site
the scent is amazing
just smells like watermelon jolly ranchers.
this smelled more like acid to me than blueberries
love the watermelon mask though!
the scent is a real turn off.
it smells like spicy sausage or onions
peppers with a hint of orange
it litteraly smells like sausage.
if you can get over fragrance
it is very perfumey
it also had a fruity scent i did not enjoy.
for anyone that is sensitive to fragrances at all
the scent is so heavy
very overwhelming floral scent.
it smells as strong as the perfume lotions.
this scent feels too flowery to put directly on your face
it's scent is heavenly.
second, the thick, creamy texture is to die for!
it does have a strong perfume-like scent in case you're sensitive to that
i really love the fresh scent of this product.
although the packaging is gorgeous
it's a smaller version of their honey potion mask
i wish they hadn't included "flavor" aka fragrance
it's got natural citrus aha's
could be the strong fragrance added to this mask
it has a strong scent
the packaging is luxurious
the mask is a lovely lavender colour with a very subtle
it has the consistency of a thick mousse.
i love that it is purple
the packaging is beautiful
my foundation colour usually includes the word "caramel"
not the earthy/spice i anticipated from the turmeric
it has a strong fragrance that smells like my gr
not my cup of tea
it has a slight fragrance if you're sensitive to that
it's highly scented to me
i loved the texture
the scent of this serum
turmeric was a big plus in the ingredients for me
the scent of the serum was overwhelming
i actually like the fragrance.
this is a really soothing fragrance
also worth mentioning it's heavily fragranced
something about the fragrance was too overwhelming
it also contains too much fragrance for me.
to immediately be hit with a strong perfume scent
i like that it contains the emollient honey
immediately after you will notice a very strong scent to the lotion
the scent is a nice scent
fragrance can be a skin irritant
yet has non-greasy texture
it also smells faintly of vinegar.
i really liked the creamy texture
the orange scent it has is too artificial smelling for me
the sweet smell of nurture me
- the scent is overpoweringly sweet
if you are not a fan of sweet scents
the scent is nice.
i think it smells like orange creamsicle.
the perfume in this is just no good for sensitive skin
the problem is the scent.
i tried to get over the scent
colors into this formula
the smell isn't nearly as pleasant as the red tea cleanser
it has a "gooey" texture
the scent is a little strong.
the scent and texture is amazing.
matte powder i was shiny
has the texture of mayonnaise
it smelled pretty good compared to most vitamin c sedums
which i think is green tea?
the fragrance is now higher on the list than the orange
the truth serum definitely has the "citrusy scent" as listed in the description
it smells like artificial orange sweetener.
i love anything with any green tea
looked like cheese curds
i didn't mind the scent
natural moisturizer that smells generally inoffensive
which has a nice scent
it does have that hint of cucumbers
waxy feeling of this cream
this is a lovely smelling cream
why do so many "fresh" products sport a scent like rotting lawn cuttings?
it smells like eggs
she described the same scent
and scents typically don't bug me.
please change the scent.
i didn't notice a scent at all
the scent of my new jar is almost unbearable to me
it was almost like a tea tree oil smell
the scent was overwhelming
it smelled like box hair dye to me
i love the texture
the unpleasant fragrance of the moisturizer is very overwhelming to me
the fragrance of this is too floral
a strange mix of herbal/chemicals.
the luxurious creamy feel it had before was not there this time
i never noticed a strong fragrance in the past
to me the smell is a cross between a fish
the fragrance was a bit irritating
doesn't mind strong scents that linger
however, the scent (lavender maybe?)
i don't necessarily like fragrance in my beauty products
the smell reminds me of hair dye
it isn't runny, but not too creamy either.
it doesn't have a pleasant scent
or if this is just the scent
i think it has lavender which i love
which smells like a fish in dirty lake water
why the company would include lavender oil in a face cream
anyone sensitive to fragrance should stay away .
awesome cucumber spa like smell
its fresh and has the unique lotus smell.
i love the scent of it.
i love the cooling sensation of this product
this has an awkward scent that i don't care for
i am comparing this to caudalie's sorbet which suits me more
i loved the smell and texture of the creme.
i think i would prefer a product with less fragrance
it's not the "smell of grape" which i wanted
i am guessing there's added fragrance
the texture is milky
it has a powerful scent now
has a nice, light floraly/herbaly fragrance.
not creamy like it usually is
i've used the gentle cleaner and loved it.
i gave one star for the scent alone.
i love willow bark in my acne treatment products
just expensive willow bark which is an anti bacterial
for its delicateness on sensitive skin
the fragrance isn't bad
a lovely green tea scent
it has a strong scent that smells artificial.
just not a big fan of anything rose scented
i don't mind fragranced items
which smells like oranges
i like the light floral scent
i can run a cotton ball with coconut oil
slightly fragrance combined to make just a weird scent
viscous texture like heavy dish soap or cheap h
it has a terrible bitter taste like dish soap
it smells just like my boxed hair color.
it doesnt have much of a scent
it makes me think of a mojito with too much alcohol in it
it says it is soothing
the smell is not very cool since it's unscented
it's lightly scented and not oily.
i am allergic to perfumes
it also a slight scent, which is also new.
while the ingredients in this light eye cream sound good
mixing with apple cider vinegar
i love the idea of natural ingredients
it is gentle and smells lovely.
smells like straight tofu.
this product is like pond scum scented slime
loved the fresh cucumber scent
but it smells like cilantro.
it smells really strong like toasted soy beans
freshly squeezed green juice
usually use lush dark angels or herbalism
love my fresh rose mask
just a slight minty smell which only lasts a short time
there is a really eye watering strong scent of wintergreen mint to this
i love the subtle scent
smells kind of like cilantro too
i don't really like the fragrance
stay away if you hate strong fragrances
but, the fragrance...ugh.
can we get this fragrance free?
like orange creamsicle and spreads nicely.
the scent, while pleasant, is very strong.
i love the smell of all glam glow stuff
smells strong like lemon sherbet which idk if that's a good or bad thing
i don't mind the scent
my problem with it is the fragrance
i received a sample for my birthday along with a moisturizing sorbet
it also smells like the water in a vase after you take out dead flowers
this serum has a lovely texture
for it isn't super spreadable
the scent was wonderful
it smells like a fake orange housecleaner
it is fragrance-free
not to mention, it's olive scent is horrible.
smells like baby powder almost.
i'll probably never know because it has such a strong flowery scent
smells like a very intense baby powder.
why why why the need for these foul strong scents in our beauty products?
it's got a perfumey, really heavy fragrance.
the formula is very milky
and it smells like a little boy's cologne.
i live in a humid climate
it has an intense scent
tea tree oil has a strong herbal smell
is a very gooey consistency
i like the scent
the only coolness i feel is when the gel is still moist
i think the scent of the sleeping facial is pleasant
i found the scent to be nauseating
smells like baby lotion
it smells like baby powder
i also wish it was less fragranced.
it smells like raw potatoes.
the scent is mild
this product has a noctural scent
the oil-free pomegranate one is much much better
this is very creamy
it did not have the same lovely scent or feel as some of the other vitamin c products
it smells about as delicious as a bottle of cheap off br
the scent is better
it has a waxy texture i'm not fond of
the orange scent wasn't too strong to me
it smells citrusy at first
the scent is not very appealing
it is not to tropical region friendly since on a warm day
to me it smells like a mix between oranges
fragrant for my taste
it has a citrus scent that is not offensive.
it smells like a slightly-medicinal creamsicle
the scent became distracting
it has a slightly detectable sunscreen smell under the orange fragrance
which is citrusy in a chemical way
it has a very specific scent
returned it for kiehl's avocado eye cream
because she says it was fragrance free
also, the texture is not as creamy as i like.
the balm is creamy
sting as if near an onion
it does smell super strong of lavender
you really have to love lavender...
the best part is the smell which is incredibly soothing an relaxing
no fireworks or tingling
i love the lavender scent
there was an incredibly overwhelming smell of lavender
i don't hate lavender
"berries" sounded very attractive
this enzyme mask is very heavily scented of lavender
it also has a very overpowering lavender scent
it is very creamy
lovely thick eye cream
i found it not creamy at all
this one is creamy.
mpressed with this product- not as creamy
even worse it is heavily scented
it smells like an old woman's cheap perfume.
skincare products are scented
though not so easy to pick up due to its cottage cheese-like texture
idea of yoghurt for my face
the moisturizer has a very strong yogurt-y smell
was very liquid-y rather than creamy
i adore the sleeping facial
i don't find a problem with the smell it's not so strong of a sour milk or yogurt
however for any facial products i prefer non scented products
i smelled like sour milk/yogurt because of it
i prefer the rose scented one as it has brightening effects
both the scents aren't that strong
it is very creamy
it's the opposite of creamy
lip cream for it's gentleness on the skin
the texture is not very creamy, but it is thick.
the smell resembled peanut butter in my mind.
turned out the tester was also beige in color
it is a luxurious feeling cream.
a little heavy for my taste
there was nothing distinctive about this cream.
also didn't like the scent
while it claims to be scent free
i found the scent rather unpleasant
warmed on skin it emits a chemically smell
it's made from roses i think?
it's a nice mask with a pleasant rose scent.
it smelled like rubbing my face with crushed apricots
need to relax with a glass of wine
i acctually enjoy the rose scent
it's an olfactory assault with rose petals
anything too strongly rose scented i hate.
mask with rose petal pulp that smells just like roses
the fact that it has real rose petals
i wasn't a huge fan of the scent
watery fruit jelly with slimy little rose petals floating in there
this has a nice gentle scent
the scent is nice
it doesn't have that powdery synthetic rose scent which i appreciate
it's smells more like fresh cute roses.
three stars for the scent
after a particularly sunny day my face was roasted red
it had a faint smell of sunscreen
the perfume scent is very strong
the scent took me some time to warm to
it's very creamy and whitish.
i like the creamy texture
though it felt creamy in the application
the product is creamy
product itself is really gentle and foamy.
i didn't like the scent.
this product has way too much fragrance for me
i like the smell and the gentleness.
why is their fragrance in this???
it tingles a little bit which is probably due to the menthol
product smells vaguely like ginger
it smells a bit like pine-sol
the product smells earthy
it's a weird oily texture
it smells like tea tree oil
the menthol smell is overpowering
felt more mousse like
this product leaves my combination skin a beautiful velvet texture
i live in a tropical
yet it irritated my very sensitive skin due to its heavily scented fragrance- per my dermatologist
the scent is too strong for my taste
the bottle looks so luxurious.
t's way too creamy for me
like the rose fragrance4.
far from floral scent to it
it has a powdery rose scent that i don't hate
this has a funky rose smell
... i just couldn't deal with the fragrance.
i hate artificial fragrance in face products: that's why i wear perfume
the overpowering floral perfume made me feel ill every time i used it
then the intense fragrance almost made me nauseated
the scent was too strong
the scent is too intense
i am very sensitive to cosmetic smells
has a light texture with a light pleasant fragrance
i like the texture of this cream
it smells more like perfume than moisturizer
the fragrant ingredients irritated my skin
the scent is lovely and so is the texture.
the strong perfumed scent gave me a headache after a while
feels more like an astringent than soothing
i like the fragrance
this product is milky
the scent was overwhelming
it also had a very strong perfume scent to it
mothers perfume was in there
the scent is nice.
sensitive to fragrance i would suggest another cream
the fragrance is not overwhelming
the scent was slow to wear off
is as a decorative piece for my vanity
the crepe-iness under my eyes has definitely faded
it's very greasy--mineral oil
it must be highly fragranced.
it was too perfumed
it actually has a very heavy scent
the parfum/fragrance irritated my face
fragrance too irritating for sensitive/combination skin
has a fairly light scent
the scent is very nice.
beautiful glass bottle and smooth product.
the scent is pretty strong
while i love the other products in the "pureness" line
this cream is gentle
foams up so luxuriously
has a light pretty scent
i love other shiseido white lucent products though
it made me look like a yellow tangerine!!
always used the pureness line
this moisturizer has a yellowish tint to it
this eye cream is very watery
it was very creamy
i didn't mind the scent
if you like a heavy lavender scent
i returned it as i don't like this scent.
it had nice clean smell of cypress
i really dislike that it contains fragrant oils
while the scent of lavendar might be calming
it's in a milky form
usually i think im ok with scents.
it was a creamy color instead of the white it usually is
i will say that it has a lovely clean scent
love the gel texture
the formula is too light for my taste.
it still makes my eyes water from the aroma
this stuff doesn't have added fragrance
it does not feel as creamy
the scent is very subtle
but the preservatives in it are not lovely.
the new is a glass bottle
it also has a strong medicinal smell when applied
it used to be fragrance free
if you taste it accidentally it is a little citrusy
i like that it is not heavily fragranced
seams to me as old cream or not enough fresh scent
it is also heavily scented.
the fresh black tea age-delay cream
i ended up exchanging it for the fresh lotus youth preserve moisturizer
it has a pretty distinctive scent
i love fresh products
plus smell is way too cucumber ish for my taste.
the cucumber scent was nice at first
also with the fragrance
the scent is great though
obviously not fragrance free
when i tried pure tea tree oil
at least it dries clear and fragrance-free.
1/2 apple cider vinegar toner
it has vegetable oil in it
dont like the scent of the cream
it has a very small amount of fragrance
have a mellow cooling on application
went back to juice beauty
too much fragrance for me!
i wish it had a more natural scent
the cream is a light shade of green
never minded their strong scents
not only this cream has very strong scent
the fragrance is a bit stronger than i would like
kind of like old honey
it has quite a strong orange/citrus fragrance
a little thicker than honey
philosophy made a peel using papaya
i opened the second bottle to check its aroma
i put on my delicious-smelling hydrating glam glow mask instead
the smell is a mix between citrus orange
color remind me of a weird tamarind
photosensitizing citrus oils used
had a lovely scent to it
smells like fresh-cut flowers
i liked that it was fragrance free
the rose scent was strong
if strong scents effect you than i would skip this product
the scent was too strong
over powering rose scent- thought it was perfume
the scent is overpowering.
i don't need my products to be scentless
at times the rose fragrance can be too much.
which i'm pretty sure is due to the perfume
it's only slightly less intense than rosewater
i generally like rose scents quite a bit
i found the scent distracting
i could not enjoy any other perfume or other scent as long as i was using this cream
the fragrance in this is just too intense
although i love the texture
also the fragrance was too much for me
i am usually pretty indifferent towards product with fragrances
the scent of roses in this product is pretty strong
the scent of the product is overwhelming.
the fragrance is very slow to fade
smells like cabbage patch dolls lol
i'd like it much more if it was fragrance free
or even much lighter on the fragrance
the initial scent is summery
i prefer fragrance free on my face .
the floral fragrance is strong.
it does have a noticeable scent
good moisture and light scent.
not a huge fan of the baby powder smell.
almost baby-powder like smell
had a nice baby powder kind of scent
was put off by the noxious scent of baby powder
something unscented or lightly scented in citrus would definitely bring me back to at the very least retrying it
i did not like the baby powder scent
i wish it was fragrance free
although rich in texture
the texture is strange, almost sticky.
calling it citrus is a stretch
the scent is not very pleasant
it's not scented as much as many of the other perricone products
the scent is refreshing
scent is very lemony
has a unique blend of ingredients- it however
this cleanser definitely has a fragrance-it's a little weird
the fragrance wasn't too over-powering
flowery/powerdery/nonspecific fragrance is overwhelming
the scent is way too strong
it does have a rose scent
it really lasts all day and is rosemary scented.
it smells like a thanksgiving turkey.
i usually like scented products too!
the fragrance is an irritant on it's own-
subtle herb-y fragrance which i actually like.
i hate the smell (very herby).
noticed some fragrant essential oils
particularly the tangerine oil
i returned this for something with no fragrance
i hate the scent
this had a nice scent
i do love the fragrance
has an interesting velvety mousse texture i didn't notice any spectacular results
blue cypress facial wash because of the natural ingredients
it smells like pickles
because i love all the other black tea products
it smells like pickles.
i love other fresh products
this moisturizer is thick and has a subtle smell.
if you enjoy smearing pickle smelling cream on your face
cucumber at first then black tea
another reviewer says it smells like pickle juice
i think its more of a cucumbery scent
their soy face cleanser also has that cucumber scent
i love the black tea eye cream
which i found overpowering
fresh black tea age delay cream is 1 ounce.
a very faint scent of fresh dill
purchased the "honey" mask by fresh today
i find the cream incredibly sticky/gooey
the scent is pleasant
their perfumes are awesome and natural smelling.
lush masks that are actually effective
not a fan of the scent either.
has a really nice subtle scent as well
i did enjoy the black tea scent though.
the cucumber scent is also a plus
like whipped gritty apple sauce fluff or something
it smells like some serious cucumber.
it smells like cucumber
the black tea cream
pros:-lathers up well-pleasant scent-great at removing makeup-strips skin of oils
i couldn't get past the fragrance
cons: very strong chemical/old lady fragrance
personally i think it has too a strong of a fragrance for a facial product
doesn't have the fragrance that i loved about the other one
paired with a night cream
it works like a peal
the texture is tooooo liquidy.
it wasnt as creamy as i needed.
it's got quite a synthetic tang going on
it has a slight astringent smell
clinique doesn't uses scents in their products
this cleanser smells like flowers in a gasoline-like intensity
the scent was unpleasant.
i could not get past the fragrance
except the heavy scent
they are not laden with a cheap cologne smell
the smell is way to flowery
lingering woodsy musty smell that stayed on my face the entire day
i much prefer a clean or fruity smell vs
i almost didn't need any perfume
the "mattifier" sold by murad smells like elmers glue
the smell is neutral and feels luxurious.
the herbal/medicinal smell
maybe due to the milky texture
i liked that this cleanser is creamy
bought the alpine herbs cleanser which i love
this product was pleasant
this has a lovely scent and goes on very smooth.
i do love the scent
the cream itself had a fragrance
also, it left a "burnt wood" smell to my skin.
it also smells like citric fruits.
not even a fresh scent like sunday riley tidal
i like this product but it has a strong scent.
i prefer products that don't have a strong scent.
the fragrance does bother me
i suspect the heavy lavender fragrance is the culprit
she assured me i'd love the citrusy smell
it smells like a tanning mousse or something i've used before
and the scent stays awhile.
a very herbal and stinky smelling moisturizer.
nice light moisturizer with a clean fresh scent.
it really is gentle and soothing.
the scent was not too strong
the scent is nice
its not foamy at all, but it is refreshing.
it has a pleasant scent
i did like that it has botanicals
it was a lot like dawn dish soap.
the ddc has a fresh scent
it didn't bother my skin however i am sensitive to fragrance
unfortunately to me this cleanser has a very strong medicinal scent to it
dish liquid with a citrus smell
smell to it like the dish soap
i didn't care for the overly chemical scent though
i like that it is fragrance
now its faintly chemically
the lactic acid from the goat milk was initially a little strongly scented
it reminded me of the smell of boxed hair color.
in the blueish bottle
this minty thing burnt my face
i really like the minty feel
this smells like a piña colada.
it has a pleasant scent
i mean the scent can be addictive
there is fragrance in it which was rather unpleasant
smells nice and fruity, but not for oily skin.
the fragrance is way too strong
a heavy perfume like scent
it contains sunflower seed oil
now i smell like a fragrance department store
the fragrance was too strong
the scent is over powering
if you are someone who is sensitive to scents
due to the strong scent it carries
cons: the scent is very strong
smells like a perfume a much older woman would wear
it smells like strong perfume coming out of the bottle
it has the signature amorepacific scent which can be overwhelming
i find that the fragrance is way too much
it has beautiful packaging
the perfume smell is a bit strong
it does have a strong scent.
it smells like a scented maxi pad
the scent is so strong.
the fragrance is strong
i cannot recommend this if you are sensitive to fragrance
the scent is heavenly
i would buy a mattifying version if they had this scent
light scent of this moisturizer
the light scent covers up the awful retinol smell
the scent is also wonderful.
tacky/sticky to the touch
i really liked the fragrance
i liked the scent- it was sort of citrus-y.
the ingredients are intriguing
it's kind of like a strong shampoo smell.
not necessarily the scent/oiliness
the fragrance is a bit strong
it has a stinky perfume
but beware of the scent!
and the scent is so strong!
if i wanted perfume all over my face
i prefer face products without any scent to them.
it has a pleasant mild scent
le all the perfumes in it
scents this strong are loaded with toxins, also.
the very light citrus scent is a pleasant bonus.
it still has a hint of fish scent
the scent goes away once applied.
i also schmear a nice smelling cream
i usually don't care about the fragrance of products
to me it smells like the wood of popsicle sticks
it is fishy and metallic.
products cake up on skin.
it also smells like a freezer-burned popsicle
smells like mushrooms and fish oil had a baby.
have always loved the clean scent
it seem to have an older scent.
am sensitive to fragrance in products
my skin generally likes fragrance-free
the texture was very runny
is very runny in texture
i like warming sensation the cinnamon in it had though
i love first aid beauty products
it doesn't have any artificial fragrances
the fragrance was really strong
the cream has a horrible, medicinal smell.
also, very drying and harshly scented.
this product really works to temporarily reduce redness however it smells distinctly of eggs
who wants to swap redness for smelling like eggs?
smells slightly of sulfur on application
like others have said it's very creamy
it's a very strong rotten eggs/hydrogen sulfide scent
it doesn't have an overwhelming fragrance
for me it was too creamy & greasy.
my favorite is the dhc one only because this one has that very perfume-y scent like all shiseido products have that i don't particularly like
aside from the wonderful tell-tale shiseido fresh-cut flower scent
has a neutral smell -so no strong perfumes
or the refreshing herbal scent
there is also a peppery scent to the product.
also, the mentholated product (tea tree?)
i like the fragrance
go back to the bliss face cream
i don't like the scent
it doesn't smell like green tea
it was very watery
to combat my natural oiliness
its alright when you use the design for perfume
this product is refreshing.
this product is refreshing.
the rollerball is cool
the rollerball is cool
as a personal preference i simply prefer less flowery scents
had to throw away the sample due to the overpowering fragrance
i love the texture
a bit strong on the fragrance
the cream is a thick texture
it has a very light scent
is extremely creamy in texture
the sorbet from this same line is phenomenal
i didn't like the texture of the product
this product felt more like jello pudding than it did like a luxurious sorbet
fragrance is not too far behind it
it is highly fragranced.
the scent sticks around
i can put up with fragrances in my beauty products
it also has an unpleasant "fragrance".
bottom line - great product - change the scent!!
for me scent is importat
because the "fish scent" is
makeup apples well over it
i love fab beauty products
happens that this product contains a fairly high amount of balsam resin
i still do like the creaminess of this fab moisturizer
while it is soothing
i normally don't have a problem with scents
i just could not bear the scent of this product
i like the creamy consistency
which i think comes form the willow bark
i love the texture
just thought it might be calming/soothing
i liked the scent
it smells kind of like cucumber mixed with chemicals
i didn't love the fragrance
i love the natural ingredients
i also miss the frankincense in the old version
i loved the herbal smell
has a nice light scent.
released some kind of vapour or scent that rose up
this is such a shame because i love the tea tree mask
doesn't successfully remove anything besides some peach fuzz
the scent is pretty strong
it smells like fruity pebbles cereal
i loved the scent
it's very citrusy - like an orange creamsickle.
great scent, like sugary citrusy.
it has a nice scent
love the natural ingredients
i do think it was the fragrance.
i loved the citrus scent
has a very strong lingering citrus smell
the ones with the pink label
the jar style is a breeding ground for bacteria
i really do not like the fragrance
the scent is fabulous
i believed in the romantic way this creme is produced
the cream is rich, with a light scent.
the cleansing milk smells nice
pro: i love how it is milky
too fragrant for dry
the original dior cleansing milk had a great mild fragrance that i had no problem with
the fragrance is overwhelming to me
i also didn't care for the scent.
the scent is orange/cream, not my favorite.
it is very fragrant
the scent is nice
i usually love bobbi brown
i didn't like the fragrance
the jar is really beautiful on my vanity
the eye cream had a lovely mild scent
while i love the wonderful scent
there's a citrus-y scent for those wondering.
i find the scent truly off putting
almost like bad $1 soap lemon dish soap
not to mention my face smelling like lemon pledge
i do love the lemon scent in this
first off the face base smells like lemoncello which is dope
it smells divine and is extremely relaxing.
this oil is soothing
very strong patchouli scent.
has a very heavy patchouli scent.
patchouli is a bit strong.
white chalky residue…..not for me
the scent is also rather unpleasant.
fragrance is an irritant
normally a light fragrance doesn't bug my skin
however the scent is very strong
fresh lotus cream with no problems
it's the fragrance that caused my skin to react
it didn't feel calming or soothing.
the best thing i can say about this "sorbet" is that the scent is non-offensive
the formula is a 'sorbet' texture
i like the scent
so while it blend
had a bit of a grape seed smell to it
cooling sensation to the eye area that is soothing
mpractical using a moisturizer with glitter/sparkles/flecks in it
the fragrance is so strong that i won't be using this
it's so perfume-y
the scent much too strong
too floral for my taste
it is definitely luxurious
you can smell the natural ingredients in all their products
the texture is creamy
this eye cream smells like a combination of wet dog
n love with the scent
i love the texture
had to return it because it is so strongly perfumed
it had a slight metallic scent as well.
i prefer not to use heavily perfumes products.
the scent of this stuff is like cheap men's cologne
the only redeeming quality was that the scent is pleasant
although it is fragrant i still love its long-lasting moisture
the fragrance however is much too strong
though not the best i've triedcons: extremely high fragrance
lasting for a fragrance you put that close to your nose
this is a cheap smelling perfume in a form of a creme
the scent lingered for a very long time
light however the scent is too perfumey for me
this product has a fragrance to it.
i don't mind the scent
it's loaded with synthetic fragrances
the scent is so overwhelming i cannot use it on my face
it moisturizes well, but is too fragrant.
this is heavily perfumed
some other botanicals which may account for the smell
first of all, the perfume is foul.
it smells like clinique aromatics elixir kept for 20 years
second, the perfume stung my face.
the serum has an old lady perfume smell
product has the usual algenist non-scent
my face was tomato red!
it smells like soy sauce
it's not the same level of moisture or creamy texture
it almost felt like a creamy liquid soap.
the texture of the cream is thick
i did like that this product is fragrance-free.
i like how it is creamy
i absolutely love how creamy
it smelled like boiled eggs.
the first jar was smooth and creamy.
it has a lot of added fragrance
i can taste the product the scent is so potent.
it has a strong sugary citrus smell
had a super sugary smell
this is too thick with a consistency like a honey
smells like orange syrup like a childrens vitamins syrup
i typically am a scent girl
love strong scented things
clean cucumber crisp fragrant2
despite having a nice scent
its super moisturizing but it tastes weird.
the scent is nice
i get the horrible bitter taste of the lotion
it seriously tastes gross
however, the fragrance is really good.
it has this refreshing, green-tea type of scent.
it is very fragrance-y, and will ruin your skin.
didn't smell like perfume
smelled just like insect repellent
the cream has a stronger scent
the fragrance was overpowering
i dont usually like perfume smells in my skincare
the packaging was lovely
i just found it too perfume-y for me
also i do not like the "beachy" fragrance.
the scent is too much
so much fragrance it's gross
the packaging is adorable
the packaging is beautiful
i just can't handle the scent of this cream.
smells like sweaty socks that got left in the washer or sour milk :/
it also smells like i'm putting my toddler's plain yogurt on my face
but burt's bees eye cream was more firming.
it was a sulphur-type scent
it has a very strong scent
personally it seems to have an acidy/acidic scent to the cream
plus it has that plasticy citrus smell that the other ren radiance products have
i wish it were a tad more creamy.
it was scent was wonderful
smells a little like pineapples
smells lightly like pineapples
it is very thick and creamy.
the texture of the scrub is not overwhelming
the scent is nice
it has a strong citrus scent which i like
very strong grapefruit fragrance.
this product is radiance
it didn't seem to have any benefits of acidity
the citrus products are a little to strong for my skin
it had the distinctive smell of sunblock
instead of the typical truth serum scent i love
this eye creme is so thick and rich.
are fragrance free [i have found some murad products to have a rather unpleasant scent]
it's not creamy or thick
and the scent just isn't pleasant.
the korres black pine firming eye cream
great texture of the cream
made it a bright scarlet
this stuff stinks like oriental spices or cigarettes
smells like old tortillas
smells like cigarettes and leaves a greasy film.
it smells like seaweed.
i know it says it smells like orange blossoms
i just accepted the earthy feel
the sample was runny/ gooey and warm.
they say the scent is supposed to be orange blossom
the scent is very strong
not harsh with no fragrance which is great for my skin
doesn't have any discernible fragrance
had a fresh grassy scent
which has blue green algae
silky-feeling like other algenist creams
contained no toxic chemical fragrance
if you are sensitive to chemical fragrance
the scent is very strong
the scent was way too strong
the scent was super strong
the overwhelming perfume scent of the product was too much for me
the perfume is so strong i had to wash it off
i believe someone would like the artificial scent
i know clinique is fragrance free
the texture of this cream is very greasy.
it moisturizes well and has a nice, light scent.
it's a fruity chemical smell i don't like.
also had an alcohol scent to it
i think a combination of the heavy fragrance
it had a strong scent
if you are sensitive to extremely strong fragrance
scent is nice and refreshing.
leaves skin a bit oily and it does have a scent.
the thing i dislike most is the fragrance.
one being the zesty scent
it was very pearlescent
it does not contain "coffee beans
to me the eye cream is too pearlescent
although it doesnt have a strong scent
i also dislike the texture of this product for the undereye
maybe my first impression of the origins ginzing refreshing eye cream was negatively affected by the lack of citrus aroma
the eye cream reminds me of the scent of clay
it may be a combination of the ingredients or because of the "iridescent" tint to the cream
it has a nice citrus scent to pep up your senses
it had a really strong floral scent
this has an awesome creamy texture
i love the smell — it's sort of like mint ice cream
is a bar of zest soap
it smelt like a weird mint flavour
is a strange lemon note
i don't really recommend it if you have a sensitive nose because this cream has a really strong oatmeal scent with a hint of bitter citrus
not my cup of tea!
however, i fine the scent too strong.
it smells like citrus
i tried to ignore the scent
it smells just like an orange creamsicle
maybe i have an aversion to orange-scented things
fresh youth preserve lotus cream
it has a strong but pleasant fragrance.
love the fresh citrus scent!
i really do not like orange citrus smelling products
it smells like oranges
it has a fresh smell and thick silky feel to it.
i do like the creamy texture.
i love charcoal masks.
i added tree tea oil in it-
my eyes are very sensitive to fragrances
i do like how creamy it is
it has a nice refreshing scent
has a refreshing cucumber scent
like a bad combination of tea tree oil
pureness deep cleansing foam
i really enjoyed the scent of it
has a very strong lemon/cleaner smell.
there was no "tingly" or refreshing sensations
i absolutely love super foamy facewashes
it had a scent to it
for someone who isn't very sensitive to fragrances
the scent of this mask was slightly on the repulsive side
it does smell like apricot heaven, though.
it's super strong and almost medicinal, yuck!
i also like the smell of mint
it smells like mint.
the smell is like a burst of spearmint leaving my skin fresh
has a wonderful minty scent
i liked the medicinal smell
bought this with the zero oil astringent.
i didn't like the scent
too much menthol can slightly irritate the skin
also the scent is very light
the mint smells nice
i prefer a creamier product.
that being said this reminds me a of minty version of destin
just like peach ice cream
it smells overpoweringly like foot cream.
the scent is just revolting
imagine a basket of vegetables rotting for a month or two
velvety surface for the powder
i love the scent
the scent is a bit strong.
smells chemically and has a different texture.
saw fragrance listed in the ingredients
i love charcoal products
i don't like the chemical scent i get.
had a faint floral scent
like a faux-citrus air freshener scent that doesn't belong on my skin
even the crepe-iness smoothed out too
had a rose colored jar
i also love the slightly fruity smell
all that fragrance can't be good for my skin.
i liked the scent
the soapy old lady scent is way too strong
probably because of the fragrance
the cream is nice and smooth and smells heavenly.
you have to really like rose scent though
the scent is soapy
i typically enjoy scented products
because it's perfume and not skin care.
the scent is too perfumey
the fragrance was always so strong
i don't like the heavy rose scent in this product
smells too strongly of roses
if you like strong rose perfumed scents this is for you otherwise pass on this
however, the scent was light and amazing.
it was heavily scented
the scent on this product is overwhelming
i don't mind rose scent if it's subtle
the scent is gone in the morning
i love scented products
don't be fooled by the creamy texture.
the scent of the roses is absolutely heavenly.
almost instantly the smell of cheap rose perfume became overpowering
the scent was way too strong
has some great natural ingredients
although it smells like mildewed roses
to delight my senses with the rosy scent
i love the texture
the smell of roses is overpowering
product has a strong rose scent which is not my favorite
also, the rose scent is very strong.
a very pleasant rosy scent
i love the scent
mine smells like sour roses
gentle, natural ingredients and luxurious smell??
and the scent is overpowering.
this product contains lavender which aggravates skin
it is just not perfumey
i wouldn't call it a luxurious cream
i always buy fragrance free
trying to avoid adding fragrances to a product
if you smelled the main ingredient of fermented sea kelp before it was filtered
i would prefer not to cover my face with ultra thick fish smelling creme
luxurious it is not --
the creme felt nice
there was a citrusy smell at first
why companies ruin good products with bad scents
it has a strong citrus smell
like spoiled fruit with a lingering scent of rancid food that stays on your h
chemical orange scent that lingered
i love citrus smells
this has an orange-y smell
i love the signature orange vanilla scent of the other products
i am not usually that sensitive to scents
rather enjoy fragrance in products
kind of like fruity pebbles
but on my face, that sweet smell became cloying.
it reminds me of an orange dreamsicle!!
this product has a very pungent
this creme smells a bit like fermented or stale citrus
it smells similar to orange scented mr. clean.
like fermenting, rotten oranges.
it has a rancid citrus-chemical smell
just moistness which was good
the minute i opened the sample this pungent smell came from the package
i love citrus but this was horrendous.
i love the ole serum-smells like oranges.
i can't smell this product after the first minty whiff
i like the scent of this product
i gave it 2 stars because the scent
it has a nice orange scent
this serum smells like rotting cucumbers
the product has a very strong perfume smell to it
at first whiff of this online order
this product has a pretty strong minty/menthol scent
this product contains menthol
however it is a crayon-like substance
has a tingly feel like menthol chapstick so maybe it feels like something is happening
i don't have a problem with menthol
i've read other reviews across the internet that said it smells like lavender
it's mostly alcohol and different fragrances.
while it had a nice scent
it sounds so luxurious
it's got a nice neroli orange blossom scent
so does a bottle of orange flower water from the afghan market
it doesn't have any added fragrances
some have called it luxurious and like olive oil.
it has a strong broccoli-like smell.
i dislike the light-colored glass bottle
smells like olive oil with italian seasoning.
it certainly does have an excellent blend of natural oils
smelled like pricey olive oil
the smell is so herbal
the scent is too strong
smells like hair dye.
the smell reminds me of my mother's hair dye
i liked the scent
scents typically don't bother me
it has a very strong smell of orange blossom
there is a very light pleasant scent.
i don't love the inclusion of essential oils for the scent
this smells like when you burn bell peppers
the cream is rich
the other "scents" of this br
i don't care for the scent
i just prefer something with a fresher scent
the scent is pleasant
the texture of this product drying matte was my favorite
to begin with it smells floral
also has a thick, floral stench.
i found the fragrance to be very strong
it has a mild fragrance
i like the pink container
the cream was too fragrant and thick.
i prefer no perfume smell.
something about the scent
had a very strong fragrance to it
it smells very masculine
i hate the smell- i think it's supposed to be cucumber melon-y
the fragrance is overwhelmingly awful
it's yellow or orange
smoothed pores, smelled great (citrus)!
the cream smells lovely
this serum is heavily scented
fresh smell, light texture.
it smells like an "old lady cheap drugstore perfume"
this is pretty fragrant
its too heavily scented
i can't get past the scent.
the scent is completely gone
maybe a citrus or jasmine smell
most likely because of the fragrance
it is so heavily fragranced
the fragrance did not dissipate at all
i can deal with the scent
has an "old lady" floral scent
i couldn't really pinpoint the scent
a little tart for me
i love the sorbet
you can drink tea
odor of the cream gave me the sense that it was similar to a self-tanner
the scent is light
which actually accents my fine lines
there is no magic potion for dark circles
this product is tinted
the ingredients seem nice
the texture was too syrupy for my oily/combo skin
it is too earthy for my liking.
i prefer a maracuja oil scent
the scent is quite off-putting
love the josie maran argan oil
is barley anything in the jar
this is thicker and has more of green tea smell.
it's a lovely texture and has a pleasant scent.
another heavy fragrance cream
the fragrance is strong
i do love the creamy consistency
the chief ingredient in this cream is rotten pumpkin
it smells like crushed up mushrooms
is the smell -- a very strong "eau de mushroom
reminds me of a great salad
it smells overpoweringly of mushrooms
it has a strong perfume smell
it does not smell like green tea
the packaging is very luxurious
has a strong floral smell
a lightish orange color along with the smell
also the smell is like a weird cold brew coffee mixed with bourbon which is deterring
/or orange juice to help out my skin
reminds me of orange juice slathered on my face
it has a potent citrus scent
i like my eye cream creamier.
to me it has a light pleasant fragrance
i love the citrus smell.
which makes sense as it is very fragrant
i love the scent of this moisturizer
love the consistency of this cream
the scent is too chemically smelling
the cream definitely smells like oranges
i don't like the richness of it
somewhat resembles the smell of fresh thatch
it also has a medicinal smell which produced a sort of "skunky" odor when combined with my normal skincare products
it also smelled like liquorice or anise which i found strange
slathered my face in argan oil
smells fresh like lemons
i love the scent
of course the beautiful packaging
thick creamy formula so a little goes a long way
it has a light, clean scent.
it was soapy to me in smell and texture.
foamy rose-scented cleanser that works really well with a cloth
has a definite scent of old rose potpourri.
it has a light scent which i liked.
the packaging is so beautiful
it is very thick and creamy.
the packaging is fabulous.
it is a very light clean fragrance
the scent is strong
i prefer unscented or lightly scented.
overall i would prefer a lighter serum consistency with a cleaner scent
the scent is unnoticeable.
not white like a cream
i really like scented skincare products
it's smells of musty old perfume.
i did love the creamy texture
while it is luxurious to the touch
the eye cream has a really strong perfumed scent
the product is creamy
smell fine texture fine.
it also smells like licorice which for me wasn't my favorite
like very strong floral scent
also, not a fan of the fragrance.
it is different than other origins products fragrances
i also wasn't a huge fan of the scent
kind of like fruit loops
to me it smells like a mix between lemon floor cleaner
i love the scent of this
it still has a lovely scent
this doesn't smell like lychee or watermelon like i expected
it sorta smells like cooked artichoke and thyme.
it has a weird combination of a lemon citrus-y smell mixed in with whatever other products they put in it
the fragrance is strong
the only thing i like about it is the fresh citrus scent
fairly strong citrus orange scent which i suspect might have contri
the full sized product had a very "earthy" "fast food" smell
it's like a flowery cucumber that lingers on your face
texture of the sample was a bit runny to me.
it has a fresh cucumber scent.
it smells like cucumbers which i cannot st
it's got an overpowering floral/perfume scent
not the typical rose scent in the fresh line
i like that scent
it does smell like cucumbers
f was heavily scented which i don't always mind
it does have a strong smell of lotus
i love the texture
i couldn't get over the scent
the fragrance is not pleasant
it's supposed to smell like cucumber
the scent is a little strong
if you don't like lavender don't purchase this
love the texture of the cream
i love the texture of this product
i loved the texture.
rich--think petroleum jelly with a faint nude-ish tint
it smells strongly of lavender.
it has a very strong synthetic fragrance smell
this product is very runny and watery.
the packaging is adorable
come on now, tarte.
i love the tarte maracuja oil
i really love tarte
it is very creamy
have received this creamy oil from my josie maran value set
this product is scented
white cream with oil
it has a nice scent
not creamy whatsoever, just another oil.
not creamy as it was suppose to
smells like orange oil.
i find the fragrance to be simply too strong
this was too strong botanically for me
it has a natural fragrance from the lavender.
lavender isn't recommended for the skin
additionally, the scent was unpleasant.
the packaging is sleek
i do love the scent.
i've used a few different beauty oils
leave out the lavender oil
the packaging is lovely.
then i discovered that it contains lavender oil
that makes pure camellia japonica oil with no additives
though sometimes the clove got a little overwhelming
the only plus was the scent.
while creamy and sudsy when it when on.
what i liked about this product: creamy
the lotus face cream will be a better choice :
i like the smell of this facial gel
this smells more like cucumber to me
easily absorbed with pleasant rose scent
the fragrance is probably what upset my skin
i love rose scented products
this sort of smells like cucumber salad
i love fresh products
the gel cream smells very nice
while i love the fresh rose fragrance
i liked the rose scent of the cleanser
i am dry as the dessert
i am disappointed in the lack of rose fragrance
i expected a richer scent
creamier consistency similar to the other fresh products
the scent of rose in general
because i love the rose scent
the fragrance is delicious as all fresh products.
citrus oil is photo toxic
first off this smells like weed mixed it citrus which is not pleasant
this oh oil has a very strong bergamont scent.
i smell zero citrus.
i just can't get past the scent.
it smells like fish oil + citrus
has an orange hue
like citrus mixed with fish oil
i got this tiny bottle as a part of my beauty rewards 500 points ole henrikson's "glow for it"package
rosehip oil smells very earthy
so the smell is because this is mostly rosehip oil
it is watery and has a perfumey smell.
i love oils and i've tried many.
this oil feels luxurious
is shiseido's benefiance wrinkle resist 24 which is more creamy
this eye cream is very creamy
it smells of sweet potato baby food.
it applies nicely but i didn't like the scent.
i am used to the typical unpleasant sunless tanner smell
one with a strong scent too
i actually like the scent
i actually prefer the classic offensive self-tanner scent over this
smells like tropical fruit
this fragrance is nice, light citrus scent.
it's not overly fragrant.
the fragrance is like an orange flintstones push up pop
it has a lovely light citrus smell to it.
it has an amazing citrus scent that is prfect for in the morning to help my skin wake up
creamy once you apply it
the problem is the scent.
i know lancôme products are known for their scent
it's a hefty price to pay for a fragrant moisturizer
the ingredients in this product sounded amazing
i loved the texture
there is a light fragrance.
the overly fragranced smell is god awful
has a nice creamy texture
it isn't a luxurious or pleasant formula
it has a clean baby powder-ish smell
if you are sensitive to scents do not purchase!
guess that's the way the cookie crumbles with scent
i love face oils
you would think it would smell like rosewood
this oil really only served as a fragrance oil for me
pros: the scent is really calming
smells like coppertone sunblock mixed with geranium extract
fragrance way up in the list
it was heavily scented
is a light peach color
it may be the fragrance or extra chemicals.
with skin loving ingredients
both cremes in one zippy kit
i like more creamy
love how it smells thanks to all the floral/botanical ingredients tiny bottle
it is simply a blend of oils
one big thing for me is the fragrance in a mask
pros nice luxe packaginglight fruity scentleft skin feeling smooth
natural, not perfumery and chemical.
i like the fragrance
it also has a strong smell from the essential oils
this was also super goopy
i would classify this as a very light moisturizer with a fresh scent
it isn't a chemical scent
urban decay cream blush in quickie
i love that it has natural ingredients
my 2 stars are for the delightful packaging
this product also has a very strong fruity scent
it smells like fruit loops
the scent is annoying.
stop using fragrance even if "natural"
the scent is nice
the fragrance is fantastic.
a little bit orange blossom
think orange creamsicle in a line of products that all smell herbaceous
i loved facial moisturizers with a hint of scent instead of unscented
because many times the unscented has a medicinal smell
it smells like fertilizer !
all of tata harper's products have a floral smell to them
sleep with this scent on my face
it has a very strong scent which is not appealing at all
it's not a chemical scent
it is not a pleasing fragrance
the scent is a major turn-off.
it smells like lemons and boiled eggs!
the fragrance smells herbal/medicinal
i am sure its full of amazing herbs
smells like a flower bed.
smells like intense flowery perfume.
this product smells like your putting perfumed lotion on your face
surprised at the fragrance of this.
which was a combination of camphor
usually scents don't bother me
the scent reminds me of s
maybe it is a citrus scent
i found the scent overwhelming
it smells like really strong men's cologne!
i actually enjoy scented skincare products
when the scent is light
scent smells like freshly cut grass
a chilled chamomile tea bag works better
the sweet fruit scent
although the product has a lovely texture
giving it 2 stars for the natural orange scent
the smell is extremely floral
revitalizing supreme eye cream
even though it has a great cucumber/fresh smell
revitalizing supreme eye cream
it has a shimmer to it
revitalizing supreme eye cream
the scent is a bit too heavy
however, this product smells like a perfume.
it is smells like a perfume
the product has a very strong scent.
i also wasn't a huge fan of the scent
the algenist was like silk
the scent is wonderful!
only coconut oil does the job
it used to be so soothing
i love this product for the grape extract because it instantly plumps
not the luscious/silky type of water other br
the only positive i can think of is the cucumber scent
i wear tarte lights camera splashes
this is so strongly scented.
it also contains fragrance
i love urban decay's black velvet
too rich in ingredients
so i tried a different brand i'm from honey mask.
like a gas like chemical scent
only to discover that the flowery smell gave me a migraine
they both have scent
i love the texture
it smells like a mix of sunscreen
not my cup of tea
it's a very chemical/perfumey scent
goes on easilyso so: strong scent
definitely a strong perfumed fragrance which is not something i want on my face
the product dried slightly tacky
the scent is amazing
also it has a very perfumed scent.
i like the scent.
the scent is strong
i find that this was too fragrant
while this moisturizer has a nice scent
it's too fragrant for a face moisturizer imho
first off, it is quite fragrant.
it smells like rubbing perfume all over your face
it does have a pleasant fresh scent
i don't like the texture of the product.
this was really greasy and very heavily perfumed.
i found the scent to be way too strong
the smell is a very strong clove/ eucalyptus/herbaly kind that i am not a huge fan of
i love the scent.
reminds me of chai tea.
this mask is tingly because of the camphor.
it smells like fish and burnt tar.
it is herbal scented
the texture is so gooey
unfortunately to me the product smells strongly of cloves
it smells like bag balm
it's more of a creamy/milk consistency rather than foamy
this day cream has a fragrance to it
the fragrance is nice
both products are creamy
people raved about the scent
it was cakey and flakey.
it reminds me of the perfume "escape"
however it is highly scented
it is highly perfumed
i adored the fragrance of this product.
the lotion is pink, with some sparkles in it.
it is very soothing
fresh-cut aloe vera from my garden
this mask is indeed soothing
calming with this product
de puffing or calming
it is very strong and sweet.
not soothing or natural
i also like the slight medicinal herbal scent.
this also has licorice which is very calming to the skin
many people have the impression lavender is helpful to skin
it would never contain fragrance
i cannot use anything with fragrance on my face
it smells like lavender
pepper like an expensive spa
it contained lavender extract
this has a heavy perfume scent which i don't like
the fragrance is way too strong for my scent sensitive nose
still, i feel the amount of fragrance is absurd.
it is a very gentle wash and full of fragrance.
i love the white lucent toner
as for the smell it has the least offensive/potent fragrance of those with similar constancy that i have used
this has a fragrance that is a bit strong
the smell of this cream is over powering.
smooth, thick and creamy, and has a great smell.
love the smell of this moisturizer
the texture is like a balm
it was also strongly fragranced.
i found the scent to be quite strong
it's hard to blend out the cream
the smell was a little too similar to baby powder
fragrance is way too strong for me.
this product has a bit of a strong scent
one strong scent is lavender
the scent lingers for a while after you apply it
i found the herbal scent too strong for my liking
it seriously feels like a blend of menthol without the heavy oily feel
the menthol like feel
scent of this eye cream is nice
this product while it felt great smells so strongly of mayo
it will be better if the smell smell like green tea for this instead of a japanese seaweed
i loved the texture
the texture is bizarre
i wasn't the biggest fan of the scent
a nice fragrance or none at all is appreciated
really loved the gel to oil texture
without the tsubaki beauty oil
the scent is really overwhelmingly strong
it has such a lovely texture to it
it's super citrus scented.
avoid this if you are sensitive to fragrance.
revitalizing supreme eye cream
the scent is a bit too heavy
this moisturizer has a very strong scent
if you like a heavy cream with a pleasant perfume smell
if perfumes bother you
tan to brown undereye circles
it has a nice creamy consistency
versus the ginzing™ refreshing eye cream
the cream has a tendency to cake
it smelled like a ham sandwich to me.
the product had an unpleasant scent
has a vanilla meets plastic smell
i would never buy this product due to the strong scent of mildewy towels
but the one i got was like curdled yogurt.
i smell marshmallows and a hint of vanilla.
texture of this cream is just so decadent
the cream itself is not creamy
the cream smells very artificial vanilla.
the scent was overly sweet.
smells just like you've stuck your nose into a cupcake with tons of cloyingly sweet vanilla frosting
it has a pleasant vanilla scent
the fragrance is very strong and i disliked it.
genius cream is different.
the scent is nice as well
i am in love with the sweet vanilla scent
i liked the scent-- kinda vanilla custardy with a bit of spice-- like rice pudding
the scent is strangely addictive
after a hot steamy shower
the red glitter in the metallic mask was a surprise- i don't really want glitter
i loved the texture
more like sparkly melted plastic with an acrid chemical smell
especially the calming oatmeal line
the scent isn't overpowering
the black tea from fresh does nothing
it's a very nice creamy moisturizer that goes on beautifully
refreshing just like black tea
only the brown sugar collection
it had little to no scent
loved the whipped argan oil
love the original argan oil
the 100% pure argan oil which i fell in love with
this stuff smells like stale pasta.
because instead getting a creamy
runny for my liking
i used celestial by lush
also this smells like latex to me???
it smells like black licorice
it smells divine like coconuts.
i think its too fragrant or something.
the coconut smell was waay too strong.
i've enjoyed my origins mushroom mask better for a mostirizing mask
it is way to perfumed for me
it smells like an old waxy cream, also.
the caudalie cru original cream is a much nicer product
this product has a fairly strong perfumey scent which bothered my nose in bed
smells like pipe tobacco
the beauty elixir smells funny.
the only plus was the smell (subtle roses).
unfortunately i will not repurchase because nothing can replace apple cider vinegar
the scent is lovely
i think because of the rose flower extract
i'd definitely get a sample before you purchase if you have sensitivity to oils/fragrances/extracts
balms i was excited to try this product as it is scent-free
the texture is gross, literally baby oil texture.
the smell was a bit overwhelming because i personally don't care for a floral scented cream on my face
the scent is too strong for a facial product
it has the most amazing scent
the lotion has a very strong cucumber scent.
as for the cucumber smell
it smells a little like cucumbers
it smells exactly like a cucumber
i did not like the fragrance of this
the fragrance was kind of unpleasant
besides giving me a craving for lotus root
the lotion smells stronger
the packaging is lovely
i found the cucumber-ish smell to be light
smells like a cucumber salad.
it was a very soothing
the fragrant residue of fish turns my stomach.
i can't get past the chemical smell of lemon furniture polish
it has a salmon tint
i liked the peach tint
this product has a good peach undertone to neutralize the colour of dark circles
a lovely metal dispenser that feels blissful on the eyes if refrigerated
it has a nice subtle scent and great consistency.
i loved the souffle-like consistency
i enjoyed using the product for the following reasons: it has a nice floral scent
i like the creamy/oily texture
i like the fresh scent
this cleanser is very heavy and overly perfumed.
love the rose scent & the moisture it provides.
being roses their main ingredient
this gel mask is a lovely
i love the very light rose scent
the green cucumber version works just as well
but i did love the rose scent.
i like the jelly texture
the scent is very light.
i love the color pink
partly because i love roses
the pinky purple gloopy-ness reminded me of willy wonka
the scent is nice.
had a great experience with ptr's pumpkin mask
maybe it's the heavy fragrance
i love rose scented anything
pretty scent on my skin
makes it seem almost creamy.
i would have kept this product though if it was for the fake perfume scent in it
l have olive skin with yellow undertones
it is very watery
still look like a tomato
smells like orange juice
i liked the eucalyptus smell
there is also rosa canina fruit oil
find some good quality organic rosehips seed oil instead
i love the rose smell of this gel-lotion
this oil has a very pleasant scent.
her packaging is beautiful
has a distinct natural rose smell
i keep buying products with heavy fragrances for some reason
i love fresh products
i love the scent of it
instead there's a less appealing grape seed oil smell
i am not usually sensitive to cream or perfumes
it's strange that they put so much fragrance
how rich the cream was
it smells like green apple and a musty wet cat.
the only way i can describe it is sour green apple mixed with
it's kind of similar to a green apple scent
it smells like sour apple c
i got this in the glam glow the magic box of sexy
nothing different from using my lush cleanser
thirstymud masks from glam glow
one of the first ingredients on the list is "witch hazel water"
witch hazel contains "tannins" which can be irritating if overused
kind of smells like yeast
smells lovely and leaves my skin smooth.
while this product did not offend in scent
it smells like cucumber at first
the scent smells like seaweed
i didn't mind the cucumber smell or even the slightly sticky consistency
found the cucumber smell unappealing
it also has this very strong fake cucumber scent that was just unpleasant
this product has a nice scent
it was more bubbly than foamy.
the scent is very overpowering
this may be worth a try if strong fragrance/scents don't bother you too much
the scent is so strong
this cream has a very strong fragrance
a product free of added fragrance
with all the oil extracts, why add fragrance?
this product is very heavily perfumed
divine are a little much for this perfumed cream
fresh scent but too oily for me!
this is a thick, heavily scented creme.
it smells strongly on lemon halls
it is very scented.
anyone sensitive to fragrance should stay away.
it has a strong perfume smell
the scent of this cream is what first comes to mind
the scent is very
strong fragrances tend to make my eyes burn
that perfume from the 1990s sunflowers.
bacon or even hot dog water
le fragrances in my products
this smells like corn chips in a tire fire
make me crave barbecue potato chips
plain sweet almond oil
sometimes my eyes water from the scent
the smell is pine intense.
too strong perfume scent.
oak anti-aging/anti-wrinkle eye cream
loving the magic from that cream
i tried the korres black pine nighttime face cream
like a natural woodsy smell maybe
than the regular oak line
fine it's beautiful packaging
i much prefer the regular oak eye cream
hollows of my eyes more because of the fragrance
before activating it has a strong scent of tequila
after activating with water it smells like musty multi-vitamins
chunky, smells metallic, no improvement to skin.
the scent lingers on your h
chunky with fruit pieces for exfoliation
it smells like metal with a hint of lemon
left a film w a weird metallic smell
it has a lovely scent and moisturizes adequately.
strong sent, smells like a magazine perfume ad.
the texture is a very liquid milky white substance
veggieplant-ish vs a lovely perfume
it is heavily scented
this mask is creamy
the herbal scent was also a little strong
it has fragrance in the ingredients
it smells like some sort of resin or gum
smells a little like vanilla or coconut.
the fragrance is quite powdery with a hint of freshness
i like the scent
it reminds me of vanilla frosting
the scent is not offensive
i give it 5 stars only for the scent
i love the oils
i can't comment on how well the serum works because the scent is overpowering
it's a very perfumed mushroom scent.
herbal scents aren't horrible for me
the mushroom skin relief lotion from the texture
when i saw someone said it was rose geranium
i loved the texture
i liked the scent
i gave the product 2 stars instead of 1 just for the lovely light orange smell
it's too gloopy and oily.
its "citrus" fragrance was actually quite chemically
it still hint of fish scent
the smell is overpoweringly sweet
the fragrance is overwhelming
if you get a headache from perfumes
i like the way the creamy
had a massive headache from the perfume scent
have this as your scent all day
i would have preferred no scent
lots of herbal oils and good foundation.
there's no scent that i can discern
is like a combination between roses
smelled like baby lotion
the mosquito repellent smell of this balm is so distracting
i found this product to be so overwhelming in scent
the solid to liquid state that this oil is in reminds me of coconut oil
it goes on creamy and thick.
the consistency is a nice thick cream that has a light refreshing scent
having a sweet floral smell on my face overnight is way too much for me
the texture was luxurious
since i love the other black tea products
normally i love fresh products
ntrigued by the texture of it
fresh is a lovely br
i also wasn't thrilled about some of the ingredients- fragrance
just a peppermint-like tingling that did nothing to improve lines
this product has a brief peppermint-tingly feel on the skin
minty treat that it is
the texture was sticky.
it smells like black licorice to me
the scent is nice
that it smells like black licorice
i also dislike the color.
lotus oil is so much better
i like fragrances that are subtle
the bummer is that with so many natural flower
the smell is a very strong lemongrass
which i didn't mind because i like lemongrass
the scent can irritate your eyes
the amount of fragrance is extremely irritating to the skin
it has a nice light citrus smell
the fragrance is a bit overwhelming
it has a strong ginger smell
it does smell like orange sherbet
the scent is quite lovely though.
it felt like silk.
this moisturizer has a strong perfumey smell that i can't st
the scent was an overpowering perfume smell
unfortunately when i buy products with added scents it breaks me out
i think there are some perfumes in this
lacks the lavender smell i love
i love perfume, but the scents i choose.
after using either the camellia oil alone or followed by the classic powder
yummy fruity pebbles smell.
logo is beautiful with simple sophistication
: aloe vera has a lot of amazing qualities
marula oil on top
i liked that this bar was fragrance free
although clay is wonderful for masks
this dry oil smells heavenly and feels luxurious.
i think because of the strong perfume.
i liked the scent
would not call this fragrant either
neither my nose nor my skin liked the fragrance
it was really luxurious
it has a light fresh scent and it foams up well.
the product is very creamy
this product is very creamy
fragrance ingredients like geraniol
the product was very soothing
you'd get the same effect with almond oil
try tea bags in the fridge
the application is cool and refreshing.
a scratchy throat because the fragrance was
adorable packaging doesn't make up for overwhelming fragrance
it smells like overcooked bacon
i like the fragrance
the bottle is tall
especially, if you are sensitive to scents.
it has a pleasant rosy scent, which broke me out.
the scent was lovely
the fragrance is too strong.
leaves a somewhat powdery film behind
this has a refreshing citrusy
slightly floral scent that fades to barely noticeable
just glade it didn't irritate my skin
not any better than regular organic honey
it's goopy like honey
sticking to glam glow thirsty mud.
has some cool ingredients
a hybrid gelatinous / cream feeling
f you're bothered by heavy scents
my face looked like a tomato
it is advertised to be odorless
i really need something without perfume.
peachy & fruity, without smelling like chemicals.
smells like the peach blossom doll
citrus scent of this face wash
very sudsy in hot shower
also the synthetic peach scent isn't great.
i love glam glow
or if you easily get bothered by chemical scents
it was also heavily scented
i wouldn't have purchased solely for the artificial perfumed smell
the aqua colored one for hydration
i love glam glow
i love fresh products
i normally love fresh products
however... it smells faintly of pickles.
it's not an overpowering scent
love the smell of cucumber
light scent is really appealing
i love the lotus youth preserve face cream
please fix the scent
the lotus eye cream was drying
i love the scent and feel of this eye cream.
le the natural scent
t doesn't smell the best because no added fragrance yet i just couldn't bare the scent
the scent does not linger
the weird thing though is that it has added fragrance in the ingredient list
plus the scent of it was not pleasant!
the strong smell of old-lady-sun-tan-lotion really turned me off
it has a baby powder super fragrant smell.
the product is gentle
coconut or olive oil for instance
the scent is really strong.
it is way too scented
should have this much scent
and the scent is really strong.
i can't get past the scent
the scent is way too strong
i did not care for the scent
it also has a strong fragrance.
fragrance is, again, a known irritant.
the scent is not pleasant at all
lightly scented which doesn't bother me
and i can't bear the scent.
was the delectable scent
like a cross between a creme brûlée
more delicious than an anti-aging serum has any right to smell
then fades to a powdery smell
like rotten fish and cheese in one.
all day i was smelling cigar
the vanilla scent is divine — two stars for the scent
nobody needs this much fragrance in a skincare product
also, the scent is too strong
said it smelled like i slathered incense on my face
yummy -- like i want to eat it
however the off point of this product is that it has this very "caramel
white chocolate" smell which not appealing at all
i just hope algenist can change the smell of the product either no fragrant or citrusy kind of smell
putting on this serum with that "caramel
toasted pop corn/white chocolate" is my every morning hardest routine
faintly sweet like swampy algae rotting in the hot sun
ingredient created that sensation
the forming and bubbly was interesting.
it has that shimmering texture which i hate
but...lovely packaging ill give it that
i like things with green tea
to i could smell the fragrance in it
the scent however is addictive.
the smell is mild so it's not too fragrance.
the texture is white and creamy .
it smells like old flowers that have been sitting in a vase too long
just sprays perfume on all the time
smells like starburst or skittles.
seems potent but sticky.
the texture is unpleasantly sticky
i love dermadoctor's poetry in lotion
the scent on this is brutal.
it smells musky, like a guys deodorant.
it has a pleasant lavender scent.
it is lavender scented
although the scent goes away
i love bobbi brown cosmetics
it has as herbal smell.
i like that it goes on more creamy
the new formula is overly perfumed
the perfume smell is off-putting
the original version of hope dry skin was creamy
the fumes from the fragrance burn my eyes
had a scent that made my eyes water
the texture is silky and the cream is thick.
i love fab face cream and cleaner.
cream with an added disgusting scent for authenticity
it does pair amazingly well with the moon fruit sleeping mask by herbivore
my face has a revolting green sheen
liked the smell (chamomile?)
i typically love herbal scents
leaving the truly pungent
chemically sweet scent sticking around for a solid five to ten minutes
the product descriptions says milky texture
the scent was strong
the scent is herbaceous
the scent is really lovely
nstead of the smooth creamy application i'm used to
this is perfumed to heck and back.
as i'm relatively sensitive to super strong perfumes
i'd love it if it wasn't scented stronger than most perfumes
but the fragrance is unbearable.
it's pungently sweet smelling
if they ever make it fragrance free
this first aid beauty product has a thick gel consistency
sure it have some botanicals
this has a very strong fragrant smell
it smells great and deeply moisturizes my face.
it also smells like eucalyptus
i prefer tea tree or peppermint for essential oils
i decided not to return it because the scent is delicious
purchased this for its light scent
it also smells very herbal which i'm fine with.
love the scent and it's very lightweight.
it isn't creamy at all, it's almost liquidy.
the scent is pleasant and unobtrusive.
it smells like men's deodorant
the scent lingers all day
the smell is great- smells just like fruity pebbles to me
i don't love the texture of this.
not my cup of tea.
raw coconut oil works better
it has a nice scent
smells like a spa product
this oil is not made from real roses
it's also very fragrant.
it's a thicker/creamier consistency with a light scent that isn't unpleasant
this cream does not have a nice scent
not velvety at all
i noticed a peppermint-like scent
i loved how it contained no synthetic fragrances
i love first aid beauty products
like an overtly chemical smell
the fragrance is super strong
the fragrance burnt my eyes
it smells like dirt and fake flower combination.
if you are sensitive to perfumy fake scents i would stay away
the bubbling effect is pretty novel
"honey-like" texture initially intrigued
the baby powder fragrance added is nauseating
this is a lightweight cream with soft rose scent.
the scent is pleasant
the smell is pleasant though, very herbal.
smelled beautifully it seemed to flake off my skin almost like an exfoliating treatment
in sunlight, there's pink glitter everywhere!
the packaging is beautiful
the scent was pleasant
the fragrance is unpleasant.
it's too strongly fragranced
if you're sensitive to scents
that strong baby powder+flowers fragrance
i love putting this mask on before bed i find the lavender smell to be relaxing
it had a creamy texture and it was white color.
a floral scent would dominate
for an oil that is named "flora"
the packaging is a nice and thick glass bottle.
the smell reminds me of seasoned oil that you dip your bread in
there's similar facial oils out there that have a better scent
appreciate the rose hip smell
the best way i can describe the scent of flora is old crushed roses
although they have an organic/earthy smell
i loved the texture
a truly herbal smell that's very calming
this product leaves creamy residue on the face
i don't mind herbal scents
had the strongest scent
it has a strong scent like the other divine products
the product is watery
think that this is just charcoal bar soap in a fancy package
other essences i have tried
it is highly scented though if you have sensitive skin
it smells like a tacky woodsman
it smelled more like pine-sol to me
said it reminded her of patchouli
it also has a very strong fragrance.
it smells like a slightly floral baby wipe.
the idea of honey is great
a nice fragrance aren't enough for me
this had such a heavy fragrance.
i smell pretty strong fragrant
if you are putting fragrance/perfume in your produce
was immediately in love with the scent
bought the drugstore apricot scrub
the smell is funky, the texture scrapes my face.
the color is pink
and of course, i'm all about dew.
products with such a strong fragrance can irritate the skin
i love the green tea
can't remember the flavor
i tried the orchid mask.
pomegranate might not be for you
i used the green tea mask
very soothing after a long day outdoors
i wish i could capture the scent as a perfume!
with a noticeable floral scent
it would be like smoke or something very musk-y
however it has a very cotton-y smell like the deep south because of its cottonseed oil base
because i know skincare shouldn't smell like roses
t could be a reaction to a fragrance or something in the product
it should be noted that it has a strong artificial cottonseed fragrance
it's not masculine, it's heavily perfumed.
it's like old grandma perfume, heavy and musky.
the clarisonic my nose is back to looking like a strawberry
also--this does have a rather masculine scent which is a little weird for a facial product
it is quite fragrant
i love the texture of it
it has a strong scent
it sort of smells like spoiled jasmine
the strong scent stung my skin
the scent is so strong
i don't think the strong perfumes are necessary
that product is lovely
this review is for lemongrass - radiance.
it does have a scent
go for glam glow thirsty treatment mask
i love the texture of this gel
got a headache from the overwhelming perfume scent
the texture of the creme is gooey
the texture of this is fascinating
i started with the beauty oil
i love oils for the face
i love ole henriksen's invigorating night gel
the scent is extremely overwhelming too.
fragrance are very similar to the oh pure perfection
the invigorating night creme came up
the gel is so tacky
nice scent, hydrating but terrible under make up.
this eye creme smells so strongly like sushi!
normally fragrance isn't a problem for me
it smells like cucumbers
the eye cream mixed
the fragrance is a light floral.
this stuff was semi-soothing
knock-off version of the l'occitane divine cream
the cream feels watery
i loved the fragrance
it's like an herby
earthy smell of an apothecary
i also found the fragrance in this one to be very strong
i also didn't care for the scent.
i like the texture of this cream.
it does have a very strong fragrance
too bad they don't offer an unscented/fragrance-free version
fragrance than good ingredients
i do love some of the tatcha products: camellia oil
fragrance in my skin care products
the consistency was very syrup-y
the scent was really strong
it felt like applying a perfume on my face.
neck as a subtle perfume scent since i like the smell
too much fragrance for sensitive skin.
this lotion has entirely too much fragrance in it
don't mind strong scents then you might like it
the fragrance didn't st
the texture is slimy
this isn't a too sweet or too floral or too clean scent
very strong perfume smell
over powering for someone that's sensitive to scents like i am
scent was too overpowering
the awakening radiance yogurt was very drying
this cleanser smell so refreshing
this herbal cleanser smells like men's cologne
because it had a vague aroma of moldy weeds
it's like you're rubbing aunt jemima pancake syrup on your face
is like pancake syrup to me
i love herbal scents
which i think smells like soy sauce
i like the packaging with wooden style cap with nice glass like container
it has a very strong perfume-y smell
most products with strong chemical scents react badly with my skin
soft scent that doesn't linger on skin
didnt really smell afloral citrus as described
did have a clay scent
it does have a noticeable rose scent.
it's hard with natural ingredients
it smells faintly of roses.
i decided i'd buy the pink clay soap bar
breathe in deeply because the scent was so light
without the coconut oil
their packaging is gorgeous
some people swear by coconut oil
it was a milky green colour.
i love the design of the jar
smelled stronger of blue raspberry
was a fantastic product until the eyedropper
this product has a heavy floral scent that i am sensitive to
the feel of it was luxurious
i am a lover of skin oils
found out that it just smells like jasmine
will stick with herbivore's rose/hibiscus spray layered under my favorite moisturizer
the texture is very runny
i tried both this one and the blue tansy.
the ingredients are nice
there may be something "pineapple" happening in the ingredients
it smells like vicks vapour rub/vinegar
i don't care about scent that's fine
the facial oils smell nice
if the scent was less potent i would've loved it!
then this is a nice cream in gorgeous packaging
the packaging is adorable
i think i would like it better if it didn't have a soy sauce smell
i liked the herbal scent
it's basically like soy sauce in a bottle.
my hands smelt like soy sauce while applying it.
the echinacea smell is overwhelming
for those of you that aren't familiar with herbs
i love the ingredients
i mean, it has marshmallows inside it.
loved it including the scent
the serum is shown online as being a pale peach color
usually i don't mind scents
like bad orange shade foundation.
f you are sensitive to scents
this also contains a lot of fragrance
it was so fluffy!
i really like the egg mellow creams this br
smells is fruity and not overpowering.
it's very gentle- too gentle for my taste.
i like itthe scent is fine
intrigued by the mousse
as it is a very dense mousse
the scent is a little too strong
this is fun to use- foamy whipped cream consistency
this is highly fragrant
the fragrance was overwhelming
this smelled like cheap hair mousse to me
it is so highly scented that i cannot use it
there are a lot of people life myself with sensitivities to scents
doesn't have a distinct scent
scent of it more than that of the other sample
i love the texture of this eye cream.
smells like old lady perfume
the fragrance is very strong
the fragrance added to this was very powerful
on the apples of my cheeks
not the other tones
also, the fragrance is nice, but very strong.
creamy at the same time
i love the minty cool feeling it leaves after you wash it
it smells like bad shrimp.
this cleanser didn't smell like blue tansy at all
it wasn't clear if the blue tansy oil was used just for coloring
the flower wax obviously
has such a soft sugary texture to it
it is a form of coconut oil
is this a gorgeous product?
this balm has an initially grainier texture than other balms
taking in the aroma
it smells like cocoa
there's also a shimmering element to it
i didn't really care of the scent.
bonus it smells like piña coladas
richness of the product made me fall even more in love
it is luxurious, though.
it is heavily scented.
at the top is almond oil.
this is actually a heavily fragranced product.
i believe it is supposed to be mimosa.
