look how much dimethicone is in it.
i figured if it costs so much it must be lovely
it made me break out so badly
none of it actually sunk in
smells better as i continue to use it
i would never spend that much money on a product with so many issues
it felt much better
a little does go a long way
as far as calming i didn't see any major result the price is way high for the quality of the product
this moisturizer was too much for me
other than making it even drier at times
a little does not go a long way with this either.
i expected much more from an expensive product like this
it does not irritated my skin much
it makes my skin has little bumps
actually my dry patches have somehow become worse
too expensive of a mask to just use for the fun factor
wanted to switch to this mask for something more lifting
it may work better for different skin types
maybe it will work with someone who has more mature skin
as far as tightening
maybe just made my pores smaller.
there's other masks cheaper that make more of a difference
i've found much cheaper peel off masks do a better job at firming than this one
there isn't really much firming to be done
this mask is very pricey for what it actually does
i don't see much difference in my skin after using it
it also helped to smooth out my skin a bit.
there are better out there
out for me is the fact that you don't need to glob the product on so you could potentially get way more uses out of this then the cheaper ones
the fewer the ingredients the better for me!
it works muck better
it does make my skin feel more firm
for a mask i'd expect more than just a half day boost
my skin did feel a little tighter somewhat.
i did notice that it did make my skin feel a little smoother
i sadly used too much
i feel there are way better products out there for the money
it isnt work 70 bucks i didnt see any change other than feeling softer the next day
this mask seems so over hyped to me.
the hype i was expecting a lot more
this was a little too sticky for my liking
i don't feel like it did much beyond my normal moisturizer
except maybe irritate my face a little
perhaps because i put too much?
better to spend a bit more for a better quality product
would rather pay twice as much for a product that makes more of a difference to my skin
maybe good for oilier skin?
it seems to make no difference
that one is miles better than this one
i could easily find something that moisturizes just as well
the pump also dispenses way too much product
my skin didn't get better or worse.
the price is far too high for a bar of soap
this product seems to be too much
this is far too expensive of a product to have done absolutely nothing for my skin
i find that if i use too much or use it daily
it seems to cause little breakouts
maybe a little worse because it made my face less soft
hope everyone else has better luck with it than me
more importantly i also have not noticed any improvement either
i think the firming agents just work a little too good
you would be better off just using your regular moisturizer as an eye cream rather than buying this
a little product comes out
i learned early on that a little bit goes on a long way
mine actually got worse while using this.
this seems to make my situation worse
there are better and cheaper eye creams out there
the product did not make much difference in brightening my p
i honestly notice no more of a difference then when i use my normal moisturizer over my whole face for the area
just stick to my eye cream which does work way better
it's nothing more than a mid grade moisturizer as far as i'm concerned
enough for 2 or more applications is wasted opening
the sephora associate that was helping even couldn't make it work any better so we moved on to another br
it's probably better suited for younger skin
medium job of making my eyes look better.
i find it lightens them a little bit when i use it at night
i tried more, i tried less.
other times it felt slightly cooling
it is slightly soothing for that reason
haven't been dealing with much fine lines
the all about eyes is much better.
has made me a little nervous to try the rest of the pep-start line
does little for the dark circles that come with late nights with a little one
i do think it's better than this one
i think this one is better for people who have combination to oily skin
however i believe there are better options for a lower price out there
rolls of i try to spread it too much i like the ageless eye cream from tatcha much better
t is hard to talk about the effects/results so far
even a tiny bit will burn for a long time.
switched to the daily c version of the line which is much better for me
my skin seems more oily than usual
guess this is more than i need
although it is a bit pricy
it softened them quite a bit
a little bit richer than drugstore moisturizer
a little heavier than lotion
i am more than half way done with my tube
bonus: i somehow ended up with more puffiness rather than less
maybe this product would work better without the pads
leave you with more fine lines
don't know how well it would work for more mature skin
seems to stick to the pad too much when you take it off rather than the eye
this is an eye cream- it doesn't do more than that
my under eye wrinkles may need more than just an at-home treatment
even makes my eyes look more tired!
so far i have not seen the results i was hoping for
way more than the undereye area where the cream went
way too much work for very little outcome.
so this seemed to be much more irritating than products i've use in the past
could it be because i have little plumper cheeks?
you will be much happier with the application
this product made the lines look deeper
was surprised to see many women said it made their skin worse
guess i better just buy more of that!
it actually seemed to be even worse then the first time
t may work better for a younger face
i don't know… i think this is far too costly for its benefits
get better results just using plain moisturizer.
you are better off to take the $ you are spending
not because i applied to much
sometimes looking a little worse
way too much money for this gimmick
for minor under eye alittle goes a long way
so far has not delivered for me
so far it's fine
not so much for me
maybe if you have drier skin this would work for you
other products can do this for much cheaper
so perhaps that is why it's a bit too heavy for me
in 3 weeks it didn't do anything as far as diminishing wrinkles at all
his skin is a little more balanced and normal.
it is rather light
i hope that with time these issues continue to get better
they are smaller than say
it's more expensive than many
because i love bobbi brown products so much
help me break out more
just couldn't go any longer
drug store brands are just as good if not better.
it seemed to be way too thick
maybe i put too much?
i still had such a hard time taking it off
this happens to me quite often
maybe using it twice a day is too much.
it's okay, but far from great.
no fun, too expensive, and negative results
i oriented them a little better
as well as warming it up a bit
for the money should be a lot better
overall i give it 3 stars because i'd think it's too expensive for a pretty generic product
i wish this was better.
maybe from the oil
for some reason it made my skin really patchy too
way worse with makeup.
was ever worse under makeup
who has that much time in the morning?
my breakouts were so bad that it wasn't worth the little bit of hydration it gave
a little product goes a long way
i think this will be a little too much for sensitive skins
not as good, but close and cheap.
there are much better physical exfoliators than this
i decided to try something lighter
when i want a richer
is more off the mark
so far i do not like it as much.
too much comes out at any given time
my preference is a product that's a little foamier
but it was a tad bit too drying for me.
for that much money
i did expect a better product
there are drugstore masks way better.
maybe slightly smaller pores
but for me it wasn't too much at all.
i actually like rose scent on most things
it is rather harsh
may be better for someone with oily
i've never had a mask feel more comfortable on my skin
decided to use it since my pores have been a little more clogged than usual
i really wish i could include a picture because my before looks 10x better than my after picture
doesn't make it better or worse.
i originally set out to by this because i liked that i could have a mask for pores that lasted more than just one use
i think it worked better when i left it on for 45
so you need very little
i wanted to try more
won't spend that much money on something that smells that bad
when i realized how expensive it is
if it had other skin care properties...maybe
i think this would be great for a much younger person
which i hoped was just because my skin was getting accustomed to the ingredients
so much for trying something new.
it takes a little bit to sink into my skin
i don't see too much of a difference when used as directed
all day long i had to blot my face because it was so greasy so the next day i put a very minimal amount thinking maybe i just used too much
actually feels more like vaseline…
i prefer a little extra moisture at night
if not better ones
i wasn't impressed with this oil as i couldn't justify paying so much for a product that isn't better than other oils out there
2 clicks is too much
40 ounces of pretty much the exact same thing
couldn't believe how much it made my face sting
there are much cheaper products that do the same thing
i may have been applying too much product
this may be better for people who are not prone to acne or have mature skin
it's way cheaper too
there are better items out there.
the more i used it the more i didn't like it
it is a bit too much for me
it now has a lot of dimethicone in it
this is quite expensive for the amount of product you get
i still found it to be a little heavy
is much healthier for your skin
thus making it even more oily
i feel like it made it even worse
however it was too thick for me
caused my skin to break out even worse than before
it just broke me out even more.
made me breakout more than i already was
way too harsh on my skin
would hopefully control the oil a little bit better
there are much better lotions out there than this
my skin has gotten better since
starting to like this more
only use it on a small area of our face the last thing you want to happen is to spend lots of money on a product that makes your skin worse
i like the other one better
so even though the mixed reviews i thought it was worth a try
maybe it will be better with their masks because they know the ingredients
the play box was slightly bigger
sephora play box has been quite disappointing thus far
the product one felt like it may have given my skin a little hydration
this makes my masks go on smoother
i will say that applying a mask was much easier
while it did help my mask spread slightly easier
the maskimizer is said to make it easier to spread
i think it would be better as a primer for make up rather than for masks
maybe it's more helpful for hard to spread masks
just use a regular toner it works much better
i don't think it helps the mask actually work any better
i felt that the mask soaked a lot faster into my skin
then have a bit too much product
it makes mud type masks slide on a bit easier
as far as making any mask work better
it does seem to make my masks go on better
it doesn't make my masks "work better".
it worked differently for each type
i'd rather put the money towards a better mask
i feel like i have to scrub harder
there are just way better cleansers than this
other than that i just felt that this could use a lot of work
i found it was pretty average,nothing special.
i started breaking out more than ever
i felt this dried me out even more
i found that it made me break out more
t will probably work better for those without these concerns
with activesoil complex was so much better than what they are shelling out now
so far it hasn't
this one dries out my skin way too much.
this cleaner seems too harsh
it should be better than that
the first night i used it i found i had to rinse my face much longer than usual
i also never felt like my t-zone benefited much from the product
as long as you don't use too much it dries well
it was just a bit too light in texture
i think this would be too light for even normal skins
it looks more dull and rough.
something in irritates me- the scent is too much for a product that is supposed to be natural
i couldn't leave on face for more than about 10 minutes
i did notice my skin a little softer the next day
i've used cheaper things that work better.
as far as brightening goes
the fragrance that lingered forever was actually worse that that
too expensive for not getting clear results.
i figured since it was so pricey
this was just too greasy
it made me cry more often than i care to admit
for such an expensive eye cream i expected much more
always have had them even when i was younger
now that i am little older
made my fine lines worse
it adds so much grease.
), and not for the better.
after a couple of uses my acne got worse
$47 is too much for something that is "okay"
this made my cheeks so much worse that it turned flakey
tried different foundations with it too
makes it last longer
there are much better products on the market.
better in my opinion
gave this 1 star reason being that there are much better moisturizers with skin loving ingredients
that may even be a little more expensive
that really work to improve the skin rather than just masking it
it actually leaves my skin feeling drier than if i hadn't put it on at all
it actually made them more puffy
it made it worse
gets way to much serum on it making it nearly impossible to put on
that smells much better
there is no little pamphlet inside the box that one can keep
i expected so much more for a creme at this price point
more than just a great moisturizer
it was way too much product
perhaps my pores are a bit smaller
it was rather greasy feeling
it is a little too much
is a little more money for each set of patches however there where more of them
still nothing not any better
these things cost way to much for them to work for 5 min after you take the patch off
perhaps they work for some people
too expensive for what it does .......
this one is way too slippery
i feel like they could be smaller
maybe softer under eyes
i've tried squeezing a little serum off so they would be a little less wet
i've used about 5 so far
so far no luck.
s that do a better job
a little goes a long way
it was way too much
'd like to get something that provides a bit more moisture throughout the day
i think this will be the first product that i will return to sephora because it actually makes me look much worse instead of better
as far as improving anything
it did help a little
there are a lot better masks out there for similar cost that i've seen more results for my skin
pretty much like if i hadn't put anything on
glamgrow is a much better choice
they haven't gotten any worse
it seems to help slightly as long as you keep using consistently
my skin needs more
my face does well with many different oils.
not even close to as bad as it was with this oil
maybe i had too high expectations for this product
it might work for some people
found it works much better
really no different than something you'd find over the counter
you can find cheaper stuff than this
just makes it worse especially in the morning
dehydrated no matter how much i put on
of sleeping mask is so much nicer
i'll go back to my $20 vitamin e night mask that feels even better for way cheaper
my skin felt no different than it did before
there are plenty of other masks out there that do so much more than this one
for more mature skin because it's just too weak to be used alone
with which i can get much more effective creams
i expected way more but it's just another mask.
i found that it was too deep to be a highlight on my fair skin
i like to use this product as a base before i go in with my foundation because i find that it is too thick when mixed in
harder to blend then i would like
there are definitely other products in this line that i like more
it's a little difficult because there's so little product
do wish there was an option just a step lighter
even a step darker perhaps
a little goes a long way
it's still a little too heavy for me
i felt like it made it 10x's worse
it is a bit pricey for a highlight
it is no better than any other illuminator.
smell so much better
the origins ginzing works better than this for me
a little goes a long way
it just made it worse as i kept using it
has little flakes of something in it
have gotten my skin into a really good routine without any more breakouts
people with very dry skin or those who live in a harsher climate would probably benefit better from this
i think the rose fragrance was too much for my skin
there are many better options for the price.
it stayed red for longer than usual even for a products that don't work for me
it was so strong that i had a headache before even putting it on my skin
unfortunately it was just too heavy for me for daily wear
the experience has beeen so unpleasant that i admit i just can't bring myself to put it on more than every other day
it did not do much especially with the harsh weather we have been experiencing
am hoping that will make my skin smoother
this one by far
it has done nothing
t is crazy expensive for how little you get
which made this product all the more disappointing
i for some reason was expecting it to be a lot bigger
it made them worse
who would pay for more wrinkles
or even out the texture of my skin any more than if i had just used a regular moisturizer
my skin did not look any brighter or plumper
i wanted to love this so much.
it seems that this product would work better for that skin type
perhaps i had too high of a hope for this product?
there are much better moisturizers out there save your money
i like those much more
this cream doesnt do much.
how it performs on a skin could have been better
since this says it gives an "intense hydration" i figured i could still use it
hard to tell how much of product is in the bottle
some work better then others.
just started this so far not noticing much difference
still hoping for it to help keep more moisture in my skin
stayed tacky far longer than i like
this is too overpowering for me
it's stronger than a lot of body lotions i own even
not any better than products less than half its price
the larger jar when other than the great fragrance there's nothing making it better than less expensive products
you're better off buying something at the drugstore
liked it a lot more
pros: lightweight, a little goes a long way
i now have to search far
the smell is much more intense than the old
most importantly it gave me little pimples on my face in places i never usually get pimples
i figured with all of the hype surrounding this product it would be even better than the old formula
not badly, but still.
it actually made me want to use face masks more often
the next day my face was much oilier than usual
i love origins masks almost more than any other br
this made my eyes look worse than before
this goes on so smooth
little refreshing but so is rose water.
the more i applied, the worse it got.
at first i thought it made my skin better
not too much for wrinkles
the fragrance--although pleasant--was far too strong for me
have been willing to spend a little more than in previous decades
or too many "fine lines
i couldn't deal with it for more than a week.
except that it felt slightly drier than usual
mother would find this to be too much
i don't think my skin got any better or worse
haven't gotten any better
i tried to use it a bit differently today
there's better products for this concern
long enough for a product to show results
how much money they want for it
firms the skin a little
i think its too expensive for what it is
the ingredients aren't impressive as far as long term improvement for us older ladies
as far as i am concerned it is just a regular cleanser
the bottle is completely opaque so you have zero clue how much is in it
it didn't make my skin look any better or any worse
the bumps got bigger
as far as pros
i love how much product you get in the bottle
did little in terms of being anything other than a decent
it barely does anything as far as volume
it would be better than not having any on.
no more so than any basic moisturizer
for the price tag i was expecting something a little more
it actually looks worse after i apply this
my skin feels slightly tight at times after i use it during the day
i break out just a little
it's true that a little goes a long way
i feel like i've tried slightly better ones for much less
honestly would be better as a primer than a moisturizer
it smells exactly like stale cigarettes stronger than anything i've smelt since childhood
worse than its ever looked skin
it felt sort of heavy on my skin too.
or if you even slightly acne prone
the peeling has become too much
i don't even use that much of the product
it doesn't go very far,though.
nothing more or less
maybe the normal/combo skin type one will work better than this one
this was too much to even sample on my skin
maybe once i find a night cream that is more repairing this will work better
i couldn't get past the smell, way too strong.
thought it was okay, like the blue jar much more.
this is just too average
t looks like you're getting more than you are
didn't last long especially since i had to use quite a bit each time
without that my skin would be worse
the new one has more product that's why it is more expensive
i honestly think that a regular non water based moiturizer would be better for oily skin because they usually absorb better
my skin felt even drier than it had before putting this product on
i think it will be perfect for the hotter months.
maybe this will be better in the summertime
much rather use a sephora br
yes--somehow my skin actually felt even more dry after putting this on
jart generally has decent stuff
so far nothing has worked
there are better serums out there.
now, for the price, i expected a lot more.
my eyes look more crepy than before
it's too expensive to have this many negatives.
no better than a $10 bottle
long lasting that it's really too distracting
the hydration was better than some pricey br
it is somewhat cooling when first put on which may be nice
what i was using before was better than this.
this product has way too much scent!
maybe you'll have a better experience.
the pump is a little hard to control.
it's always pump out way too much so this bottle probably going to last me a month
almost like it needs a little more of a liquid consistency to go on smoothly
although my undereye bags seems to be a bit better
it does a little depuffing but not much.
now as far as the depuff, yes.
still look sleepy as heck
i can see little actual improvement
it have done nothing so far
this more or less left nothing on my skin
it seemed a little ridiculous
this mask it too expensive that's the only reason that i'm given 3 stars
things #1 i'm getting worse lines in my face
my skin actually gets more congested
made a little bit of a mess in the shower
which isn't much of a problem itself
maybe for younger skin
perhaps with time people could see results
there are at least 4 different oils so maybe a bit much for daily use
i rather spend that much money on a serum that works
then rinse for a bigger better effect
i only use it at night since it's so expensive
you definitely need more
this leaves me more oily than usual
so this lasts a super long time making the price not so bad
the moisture beads are already portioned so you do not need to worry about using too much product
perhaps i was expecting too much.
many others out there that firm up the skin better
there are plenty of other products that are as good or better
this made my foundations that normally look amazing already
i wanted to love this product so much!
it made me break out as well
was hoping it would make my skin look firmer
her skin is a lot younger than mine so has less texture
there is a little bit of a tightening feeling when i have worn it
made me feel even drier than i already am
does not have long lasting primer effect
other than that it does nothing.
i did find that it dries my face out a bit too much
after much thought i decided for the price there are cheaper
it unfortunately broke me out too much to keep it around :
it may have even made things worse honestly.
from coverfx i expected better
if anything my nose seems shinier at the end of the day
i've learned if any product gets less than 4 starts it's often not worth the time or money
the only thing it did was making me foundation thicker
i noticed my skin getting greasier much quicker than if i had used no primer at all
even made me more oily than normal
then tried with a little bit more
benefits the porefessional matte rescue works much better
so far, my skin is still as oily as ever.
very expensive for what it can actually do
it has so much silicone in it that my face feels so siliconeee when i touch it
this makes it difficult to get the amount you need
you usually end up with way to much
each time my skin looked more oily than i normally would not using this product
this might be a good product for some
there are better alternatives
haven't been using it long enough
i know there are more expensive ones with his other lines
product it self is ok so far
have to give it more time though to see
it made my dark circles even worse
that my fine lines seemed to be getting worse
not just a little, but noticeably so.
my lines are longer
too expensive no results.
especially when i dropped so much money
it has done nothing for my dark circles
i think perricone is always a bit more expensive then it's true value
there are better eye serums out there
my skin dries out much more easily
i think i'll have to switch to something lighter with better oil control for now
it made my combination skin feel so much more oily
may have been better off with just a face oil
little-to-no technology in the cream
the packaging could be better
i've never had to have so many extractions done.
it would probably work better for someone with dry
is just way too thick for my normal skin type
because there are better formulas for my taste
as much as i would like to rave about this moisturizer
i feel like this would be an amazing product if my skin produced a little more oil on it's own
for the price i was expecting a little more especially considering all the hype surrounding drunk elephant
maybe slightly more than a 100-point deluxe sample
their clarifying mask is much better.
i noticed that it would settle in my pores if i used too much in that area
this product feels more a primer
it's way too strong
it seemed like it was more for looks.
this never seems to absorb into my skin very well
which surely that much fragrance isn't good for the skin
i like this product better than i thought i would
too much artificial stuff
i still need more moisture then this provides
my dry skin needs something much more potent.
this is too much for my skin
this stuff is too expensive for that!
those pesky bags that have started if would work well
much prefer the $7 drugstore version
that thing is by far the best for me so far
my skin is only getting better
i like how much it foams up
it still is damaging to your skin if you do it too much
it's really nothing better than what you could get from a drugstore br
a little goes a long way
it lasts a very long time
i did not notice much in the "brightening" of my skin though
being oily skin girl i was expecting way too much from this product
my skin needed more than just this.
this seemed to make my skin produce more oil than it normally does
this hasn't caused any drama with my skin so far
i can't tell that it's really much better or worse than using my normal moisturizer
i feel like this is more of a primer than a moisturizer
my powder stays put longer, too.
however i gave the product 3 stars because the product claims to do so much
as it is a roll-on well imagine it
no matter how hard i squeezed nothing would come out
as far as i could tell
i found the smell to be way too much
rather made it much worse :
my skin seemed duller than ever
although it fades pretty quickly
the fragrance is just too much on this product
i wish it were a little less intense.
wanted to try more of it
i've used better make up removers for less money.
the breakouts were just getting worse
the heavy fragrance is too much.
it seemed to look better longer throughout the day
the first problem was the overwhelming smell that was just too much for me
this was fine as far as i could tell
didn't think my skin looked much better after use
way too much glitter in this product.
expected it to be better because of the high price point
i can see how it works so well for other people
hope that one works better
gets worse as the day goes on
make me even more of a grease ball
for that price tag it should've been better
it also has made me break out pretty significantly on the two different times i tried it
i've given it two stars because i do think it is somewhat moisturising
used just a little bit
used it at night and i liked it better then.
the second time i think i used too much
my oil appeared to be controlled a little better
i think there are better products out there.
i don't think it acts any differently than any other moisturizer
the texture of this gel is much nicer than others i have tried- it goes on super clean
then follow with a light simple lotion than pay so much for something that gives similar results
this sadly was too much
you can find cheaper alternatives that do a better job
unfortunately i feel as though they missed the mark a little bit
how can i be having such a different experience than everyone else?
that appearance only got worse.
i wish it was sturdier
it seemed to continue getting worse
had far more blackheads
the smell of this is too much to handle.
i don't see much of a difference in my skin
as far as how this product actually performs
the strong alcohol smell is too much for me
i find it much easier to remove
i felt as if my pores were actually bigger.
if you are having trouble with little bits of it
it irritated it more even.
i expected so much from this product
save your money and buy something better.
then it would probably have been a much better experience
you have to use too much to get a cool looking mask anyway
it's hard to apply and even harder to get off.
peel off masks are just too much work for such little pay off
when it was time to take it off the thicker parts came off easier
all other origins masks i used have always left my skin feeling better afterwards
clean skin is the main reason i love masks so much
this one just has too much alcohol in it
the product doesn't absorb into my skin as much as i had expected it to
it was just too much for the winter months in northern maine
for the price i would want it to work better
it only made my skin worse
it kept just getting worse
a little pump is more than enough
i just wish there was a tad more hydration with it
it tries to be too many things
it cost too much to toss.
haven't really seen much improvement yet
very little actual product for $80.
it works no better than other less expensive cleansers i have tried in the past
i agree it has way too much of a perfume smell
if they changed that it would be a much better product
i've definitely used others that work quicker
if you just really want to pay way too much for a cleansing oil
this one was a little too bold
for less than the price of this guy
this made me worse
it seems more like an essence than a moisturizer
so perhaps that was some of my skin's issue?
it looks like other people had this problem too
make me shinier than usual
it was more liquidy than i would like
i expected more from lancôme.
a little more dewy than i'd like
there are way better moisturizers out there
it isn't the most hydrating but i like it so far
maybe my acne is just a little to much for this to control
a little does not go a long way.
it left me feeling more oily then i already am.
that product worked for me far better than this one did
i don't like this one nearly as much
the little bad things outweigh the good for me
but it's not worse than any other moisturizer.
i tried applying very little
it is a slightly thicker consistency than my other moisturizers
i feel like this product made me more oily than normal
a little goes a long way
certainly not better than any st
for the price this moisturizer is definitely not worth it there are far better ones on the market
be harder to move across my face because it made the cotton pad sticky
made me breakout more than i already was.
unfortunately it hasn't done much for me
hope it gets better
even worse to be honest
more like a life letdown .
their skin only became worse over time
it seemed like i've just broken out more
my skin just continued to get worse
more often i was starting to get little bursts of acne coming out around my cheeks
using it less often 1 time a week or so
now i have two pimples that are much worse than my regular pimple
it goes on reasonably well under / with foundation
lasts much longer than the martian smell too
there is better oils for cheaper
especially seeing how many people it works for
not as well as a spot treatment
my breakouts have actually gotten worse
i expect to see some results too
it seemed like my skin might have been a little brighter
there are way better masks for this price point.
not more so than after i use any other hydrating mask
that's about all i've noticed as far as results
it has so many hard chunks of fruit that just make application kind of gross
i think i need something a lot more abrasive.
my skin did not feel softer or look brighter.
probably could make your own at home for a lot less money
it is pretty expensive so though it suggests applying every day
the face masks from sephora work better honestly.
it actually did seem to even out my skin color a little bit
i think their products would maybe work better for people with very sensitive skin?
it was not easy to apply as there are little chunks that are hard to spread
would much prefer a smoother texture.
however, it felt a little masky to me.
it made my skin softer than before
i like the rebuilding moisturizer way better
as it doesnt do much for the skin
let's talk more about this one
works well just not better than what i have.
for the price i would have expected so much more.
the origins eye cream is much better if you want illuminating
possibly more than the charcoal mask
but they need to give a bigger bottle.
this is too little.
i would give it 5 stars if they just gave you enough product to do it more than a few times even if they had to raise the price already it's super expensive for a peel off
there's better ones out there
this one not only was harder to peel off
because my skin has been so dull lately
my skin maybe felt a tad softer than before
i wanted so much to like this.
this one just needs more moisture
i couldnt make it more than 2 weeks as it dried me out even more than i was
not as much as i expected
this product might be good for someone with normal skin
if you don't need very much moisture this might work for you
that may be because i was having to use so much of it
is a little pricey for the benefits
this may be better for a different skin type
for the money, i was expecting more.
it was more then enough for a good try because a little does go a long way
it gets a little warmer than i’d prefer
may be worth a try as many people seem to love it
or my texture better
i also thought my skin might have even looked brighter
i found so many products that are way less expensive
sephora sells other masks that leave my skin with much better results
tatas honey resurfacing mask much better than this
even the caudalie detox or gylcolic masks are so so much better than this
hopefully i get better results
even though it made me break out a little
there's been no more improvement
worse than most sulfur products
each product works differently for everyone
any less than that and it seems to do nothing.
it isn't much cheaper
the box was so much bigger than the actual tube with excess that was unnecessary
there is so much air in the tube
i'd rather spend money on something that mildly works
i think i would rather just use my normal face moisturizer
i guess it just seems overpriced even though i know my usual face moisturizer is more expensive
it gets a little messy
cleans my face much better without drying it out
this product felt a little heavy
a little goes a long way!
definitely have used better
have used it 3 times so far
it feels a little bit plumping going on
does exactly what it says – plumps up the skin noticeably for sure
so far don't see any difference
it has faded slightly very slightly
it might work well for some
did just as much
just feels so heavy
i felt like i wasted so many tissues.
even tried it too
i guess i put too much on
even longer to get all of it off
so many better choices out there for a fraction of the cost
it is time consuming with little to no results.
it was a little tricky to apply
there's so many masks that do the same thing in much lesser time
you do not need to spend these many bucks on a gimmicky thing considering the full size product is expensive
there are way better masks out there
cheaper and easier) that give the same results.
it was a bit much.
felt a little itchy for a day afterwards
the products tend to sit on my face rather than sinking in
save your money for a better mask.
though- so 2 stars there
took too much product to actually clean my face though
can't imagine someone with more mature skin liking this very much
as far as sephora cleaners go
on my dryer areas, not so much.
the smell might be hard to get past
probably better for those with combination/oilier skin
it seriously felt like this somehow left my face more dry
using it pretty much daily
after applying it my skin still felt like it needed more so until i use this up i just layer it with an additional moisturizer so my skin feels hydrated enough
maybe i was expecting too much?
it is expensive at $62 especially if you do not see a difference
i tried it in different ways as well
it is way too dark for my skin tone
more on the foundation side
probably because of how heavy the formula is
couple this with the fact that it's the same price as my usual foundation with less than half the amount of product
super cakey like there was no way i could go out looking like that or add more layer with a foundation to make it worse
did much better job itself
way too light for my skin
it makes more sense that green would color correct red better than orange anyway
i just wish it came in a lighter shade!
compared to other products they've used this was a bit too much like 'make-up' rather than a redness reducing cream
a little goes a long way
the more you use the flakier it gets
if this product came in a lighter shade i would love it
i would use this if there was a lighter shade
it is too dark
it just was still too dark
does not look good on fair skin; much to dark
i know there is more left
a little goes a long way.
i expected this to be a lot better than what it was
that are much more cost effective
i've heard so much about it cosmetics
it even takes off the makeup that is long lasting
that i am use too
there are more affordable options that do just as good if not better
i didn't notice much of a different in my pores also
there are way better primers out there that are cheaper
actually makes my makeup look less appealing
could only imagine how much worse it would be for anyone darker than me
if anything my makeup looked worse when i used this
so save your money or get something cheaper for your pores
it actually made them look worse
made my face so much more oily then it already is :
my foundation wouldn't go on smoothly no matter how much i blended
if anything i think it made my make up look worse
this product seemed to help my makeup stay on longer
perhaps i need a little more play time with this product
it does well on my slightly smaller pores.
a small amount goes more than a long way so a jar lasts forever
if you apply just a little bit
this cream made my skin look far more crepe-y after several weeks of us
i look as tired as ever.
i noticed the skin under my eyes is much whiter than it used to be
can't speak much about the dark circles as i've had a rough month
no matter how much i smoothed out the cream
makes you go through a jar ($$$) far too quickly.
it's definitely made my developing dark circles worse
after 3 weeks of use i really don't see much improvement
my barely-there dark circles got very bad
this made them show up more
maybe i was expecting so much more for this cream special because is not a cheap cream
its one of the worse eye products i have ever used
i can't tell that this helped any more than much cheaper eye creams
so far, this eye cream is just so-so.
made it look worse
this was just too much moisture for me
since it did nothing eventually my skin condition got worse
my skin did look better
don't use too much as it will not soak into the skin well
there was more product
it does seem to help a little
it was almost like my skin got more oily the longer i kept this on
a little goes a long way.
made it worse or did nothing
see if that is a better match for me
seems like more of a barrier cream than one that actually absorbs
actually thought i sawm more redness than usual when using
this only helped slightly
the cream actually made my skin worse
you only need a little bit.
the little bit i used never did absorb into my skin
maybe i will appreciate it more when winter comes
it does it slightly less well than i would have wanted it to
a little does go a long way as i have 2/3 of the jar left after using it for more than 6 months
it pretty much is make-up
however i did like how it evens out my skin tone
the only thing is that the beige it a little to light for me
therefore it may not be the best for deeper skin tones
it didn't blow my mind or drastically improve my skin's appearance—you could probably find a similar product on the market at a much cheaper price
if i try to use more product it becomes way too chalky
only making things worse
sounds like it works better for people with light skin
a little goes a long way.
might work better for those who have darker skin tones than me
maybe is to use under foundation or with people with more light skin :
it just makes it look worse
i wish my local store had the smaller size as a little bit goes a long way
this one falls a little short for me
i must have applied too much
it was just way to heavy
i still like that it has spf
even with makeup you can still slightly see it.
with that being said i don't use very much.
for the price i expected better.
although it's more expensive than my typical moisturizers/spfs
a little bit pricy for my budget
i still had a lot more residue left.
can get a bit pricey
more than i usually get
there is still more of a pulling feeling than with liquid oils
i do use a cleaner after this anyway
this even took off my too faced better than sex waterproof mascara with no problems
using this product for an extended time also gave me little bumps
more work needs to go into this one
there were too many things to dislike
a lot of people will probably like that
unfortunately after 2 months i really haven't seen much of a difference
i applied wayyy too much
it would probably have more of a positive effect if my skin type were different or if i were older
the scent was too much for me
which is a let down as us more oily skin types typically struggle most with larger pored
this just seemed to make it worse
plus the price point is a bit much for me!
it actually looks greasier
it refined it in a way that made my foundation go on more smoothly
like so many others
then maybe not so much
but, so do many other creams.
when i pay that much
they have pretty much done what they've claimed
her line release under eye repair cream is far much better
i decided it was time to take better care of my skin
the only different i saw was more fine lines
wanted something a little heavier
there are other products out there i feel are better
it was much better
it's very thick and a little goes a long way.
i finally got it somewhat blended into my skin
then it would be that it did make my skin feel a bit plumper
what is worse is that it did nothing
getting the clinique yellow moisturizer much better deal
although it works for many
i spend a lot more money on moisturizer
tried using as little as possible
more expensive obviously doesn't always mean better
i like it so far
however i feel like it dried me out a little bit
big no on erno laszlo's little set.
who has more resilient skin than i do
i wouldn't say it helps my skin more than that
while my skin is not getting worse
maybe even one from the drugstore.
as it probably would have been a better match for my skin
you have to be careful when pouring out the oil or else you can pour out too much
it was no better in fact it seemed worse.
a little is all that's needed
i wish there was more of a brightening quality to this product
there are better products
it was a bit messy.
it is a little hard to smell for a long period of time
thought perhaps i just got a bad batch
it was still too watery
maybe because it was too watery
my skin may have been a tad bit softer after using this
my eye area doesn't look better
i didn't notice any results as far as my fine lines or dark circles were concerned
so far my under eye looks the same
it must have spread a little
i still use it only sometimes.
was hoping this would be more of a balm
it didn't seem to provide moisture so much as make a barrier
it absorbed too quickly to really work there
it was way too greasy for my liking
this product looks somewhat good until you step into the light
stay far away from this product
this emphasis my oily t zone was too much
the drink of h2o moisturizer is so much better
an even more awful idea
out more with this stuff on
maybe for younger folks
there was too much glitter
it does make my skin does look brighter
there was so much glitter!!
it has way too much micro glitter for my taste
so this just makes my skin look worse
it was in no way flattering
using a little as a highlight is hard.
way too much glitter for me.
i like it a lot better
considering the price, it should do a lot more.
my dark circles do look a little lighter.
it seems to work better over night than wearing during the day
it seems a little pricey for what it offers
as far as this strong scent people are complaining about-what?
it wasn't too light or too heavy.
the only reason i am giving it three stars is because it did not help with my circles very much
maybe i need to use it longer for results.
not intense or anything, but certainly a little.
there really is very little benefit above
my other eye creams i have work just as well
way too expensive to not actually be doing anything
it didnt see much difference
look a million times better
i love the white one much better.
it made me get little bumps all over
in fact my skin looks worse.
for the price i expected much better.
my face actually looks duller
mostly from being under the sun too much
my skin was much happier when i stopped using this
if your skin is less difficult than mine
but that is about it.
work better for young
the scent lasts a long time too.
which i thought was too "chemical
less until i figured out what the sweet spot was
it also was a little red
i'll still with my de as it seems much better.
if anything it makes them stick out even more
a little goes a long way.
much better than the similar product in my play box a few months back
with the full size i feel like i have to put on so much to get it to be even close to how the one in the sample worked
its not because my skin has gotten worse or anything
so maybe it's better for normal
it makes my texture look even worse
so pretty much useless unfortunately.
now i'm less than eager to try anything else by this line
going for a more natural look
thought maybe i had put too much on
not any better than just using a lotion
the green tea does a better job of it
it doesn't work particularly well at getting makeup off
even then there's a little bit left behind
it takes so much to do anything
it works well but the smell is a little much
overtime i used this my face got much more red than normal
it hasn't done much
i wouldn't pay more than $8 for this product
you could find lots of better drug store cleansers that work way better than this
there are so many better products on the market
i wear makeup easily less than 1/3 of days
also too much fragrance.
however, the fragrance is just too strong.
little greasy in the morning
sure it looks a little brighter
it felt more like a moisturizer to me than a mask
a simple slice of cucumber did a better job.
the texture looks a little bit weird: it is not very smooth
it takes a really long time for my face to absorb the product
more product to see if it would make a difference
maybe it works for some foundations
which surprised me as i thought it would be more "milk" like or at least lighter
never seemed to dry down no matter how much time that i gave it
this cream also did not provide much in the way of priming
i wanted to love this product so much
better suited as just a moisturizer.
very dry akin will probably need a tad more.
it actually made my skin look worse
i don't think that i've ever purchased a skin product that actually made my skin look worse
i get little balls of product
it goes on so smooth
for the price that i paid i expected it to be a lot better
the more i used it the more i started to break out along the sides of my face as well
this may work for people with normal skin that just need a little moisture
you can get a dupe or something better
it takes very little product to cover the whole face
probably so full of harsh chemicals the skin is too busy fighting that to heal
wish they would come up with something with a little bit more oil control
my pores looked bigger than normal
maybe it should have a few more shades available in order to match more skin colors because it does blur pores nicely
more orange than the picture shows
many other lighter or darker toned people would not be able to know as well
i'd imagine that it would be too beige
or just too dark in general
as well as trying it at night
better for my skin type
maybe 10 uses at most
maybe would wear better without foundation over- haven't tried yet
however i started getting little zits around the areas where i was using this product
so although this works
it did not provide a mattifying look or effect that lasted longer than blotting papers
night like suggested seems a little too much i use once a day along with the serum
it feels so heavy
why companies keep coming out with sunscreens like this when there are far more lightweight
the cream itself was way too heavy for me
enjoy the blur moisturizer so much better
i just wish the cream was a little more richer
but i don't see much difference with it.
way too expensive to have these problems
my skin had never looked better
my skin did get a little softer
other exfoliators did can do much better jobs than this
maybe i expected too much after reading reviews.
it took a bit longer than i would like to rinse off
this was too heavy for me
i needed to love this as i love all of the other tsubaki line products i've tried so far
does not feel too heavy
i actually felt a bit stingy
there are far better
all those products cost much less than this
this product was supposed to be 11x more concentrated?
i don't find that it has done anything noticeably different for my combo skin
the bottle the sample size comes in also makes it a little difficult to get sufficient product out so perhaps that could be hindering my review as well
it is just has a much higher price tag!
milk is so much better
this oil doesn't work any better or worse than oils that i already have
i think maybe it absorbs a touch quicker
a little goes a long way.
it was a little too heavy
it was much heavier than i anticipated
each time i have to apply twice as much product as usual in order to reach all corners of my face
it was way too overpowering for my taste
it costs wayyyy too much for what it does
it looked healthier than usual
much less foundation without it sliding around
it is about $20 cheaper than this product
expected more from this honestly
this is too much
i wanted to love this so much
or that maybe this would be a better day-time protective
i agree with other reviewers who say the product is heavier
for the price i would expect something lighter-feeling
maybe this would be better for dry skin.
perhaps it takes longer than a week for my skin to be conditioned to accepting it
it does take a while to sink into the skin as it is a little heavy
thought maybe it was a little skin purge
can seem like a bit much at first
unfortunately it was too heavy
i still have a decent amount of product left
way to much for me.
so would be wasting a lot of product
this was a little too overpowering for me
this makes my skin oilier more quickly for some reason
other than than the soapy feeling it has
honestly both products together made my face more dry than before
this formula would probably be great for a normal/normal to combination skin
maybe just better at cleansing than i wanted
they never got better or worse!
it feels like you're stretching your skin too much to get it on
the soft creme is so much better for me
i found out how much it cost
i would still try the heavier cream
i find i like to use it more at night than under makeup
although i have oily combo skin i feel as though the original is better
doesn't spread well which means i have to use much more of it than i'd like
don't reach for it too much
probably great for more mature skin
the products that usually work well on me stung
it's no better than any other average moisturizer
there are many others available that are just as good for much less money
it didn't make my skin better or worse
couldn't justify spending so much
sometimes i put it on as part of my am routine as well
i feel this cream has more cons than pros.
no better or worse than any of the other pricey washes i've used
just had better eye creams.
there are better, cheaper alternatives.
there are many things that i like about this product
i already have a hard time with my cheek area being rough
the bottle is small but a little goes a long way.
it does help my makeup last longer on a typical day
it definitely works better over foundation
something i've never really had an issue with considering i lean more oily
i suggest applying a little bit because the more u apply
make sure you are not using too much as this can result in your foundation balling up
i’m still trying to figure it out.
i think maybe it will be best for oily skin more so than dry
take far too long to be absorbed
however i did notice that my undereyes where a lot more hydrated
unfortunately it hasn't been as effective as i would have liked
was hoping for better results
so you're getting much less product than you'd think by just looking at the picture
it did help my dark circles better than if i had not used anything
not as much as other products
also there is very little product for the price.
i'd rather spend double that for something that actually works for me
a purge if you will on the way to better skin
the flaking didn't get better after 2 more weeks of use
it has done nothing
a little goes a long way i'm not kidding if you use more than two drops you will feel like a cooked chicken
there's no reason to spend more than $10 on this product
i did like that it wasn't too expensive compared to some other br
normally this kind of formula would work for me
for something so expensive
a pump of some sort or a tube would be better.
a little goes a very long way
maybe it takes longer than 2 weeks
i think i'm more inclined to stick with more natural skin care products that have a clear purpose
my skin isn't getting any better
my skin has been the same maybe worse.
it dried my skin out so much that i started breaking out even more than usual
makes me break out even more.
my pores actually felt more clogged afterwards
my breakouts actually got worse
this product helped a little
not as much as i had hoped
it may help keep my oils at bay for a little bit longer than if i went without it
make my skin so much more oily
pros: a little goes a long way.
the pump is a bit hard to work with
i experienced no breakouts which is saying a lot because almost any product tends to break me out
i feel like when i use it my skin actually ends up more oily than usual within an hour or two
what i care more about is the product.
found that i sometimes needed more moisture than this hydrator could provide
it's been great so far
for sure more than 6 hours
way too spendy for me.
sometimes i would get a ton
i feel like with as much money as i spent
it could have a better container
it has done nothing
too much gives me milia under my eyes
someone with mature skin might want to stay away
sting for quite a while
maybe it takes longer to show any effects.
i expected way better,
mainly that you think it is more like skin care versus makeup
got this wanting a lighter
it is definitely suited for more mature
it never stopped and only got worse.
i wouldn't buy this especially for how much it cost
i wanted to love this product so much.
i find myself using more
the tube is a lot bigger than whatever is inside
not great for nighttime for me as i need a heavier cream
i just much higher hopes
i'd rather use something with spf in it
i gave it 2 stars because it's way too expensive to do nothing
you can get way better oils than this.
maybe it's better for people with normal/ dryer skin
there are far less expensive facial oils that do the same
this is kind of an expensive product to go bad after only 4 weeks
that it did make makeup go on smoother
it makes the foundation smoother in my opinion
the unicorn essence is so much better.
no matter how much i was rubbing
or if it would work better in the winter when it gets cold
this one has a lot more hype
this is seriously just hyped.
it does not make your skin any clearer
those oils are a whole lot cheaper
have tried it so many different ways
little bumps started showing up where they previously weren't
it is just a gimmick that is overly hyped up on instagram
there are better products out there.
this product was hyped so much on instagram
as much i love farah dhukai
i personally should have known this would more than likely break me out
notice my skin looks a little brighter which is nice
but overall i just love the smell the most.
hope the rest of you loves have better luck
there needs to be more product for it being $54
hopefully it's a better product than this one.
but clear skin is way more important to me.
very much an overhyped product for me.
i would go as far as to say it dried it out
the rose gold one is so much better don't waste your money on this
perhaps i should give it more time
would probably work best on someone who already has great soft skin that just wants a little extra boost
i think people more hyped about the color
didn't do anything to make my foundation go on better/stay longer
there are so many better products out there for the price
not a whole lot more
i don't even know how this stuff has been hyped so much
it didn't make my make up look any better or worse
how little it does as a primer
but that's as far as it went.
it didn't make my makeup better or worse.
as far as skin benefits go
smell is too much
a lot still comes off
might work better with a wash cloth
my skin was never in uglier shape
because a tiny bit goes a long way!
it does quite well as a 1st step cleanser
there are better options out there, sorry boscia.
this can be too light
it seems more like a night cream than a day cream
it takes way longer for it to sink into your skin
i can no longer wear it
even worse it made my pores look larger than they are
my pores showed as much as ever.
the fragrance is also much stronger
it is much stickier than the previous iteration
i wanted to love this product so much
not nearly as smooth as i feel it should have been
a little went a long way on my face which is great
so far 2 products were great
for the price i expected a lot more.
there are better products out there
there's too many better ones out there.
yet it removes less than half of my makeup
too expensive to keep for only that reason
i guess i clung a little too much onto the whole "virtually no blackheads in just 2 uses" thing that is huge on the front of the box
my blackheads are still very much there
make it softer than anything i have ever experienced
so far i like this as much as i like the anti aging moisturizer
applied it differently to see if that would help
should have known, too good a claim to be true.
the 4stars is because it takes quite a bit to cover the entire face
this went on thicker than i would have liked
i felt this mask was more novelty than actually doing it's job
the amount of product felt like too little
if anything it made my face breakout in little red pimples more than ever
after 1 use i thought my skin seemed a little clearer as in not as many deep blemishes
for some reason masks can often have this effect on my skin where it does something the first time
i think you can find other options that work much better for a lower price
as this does help to get a better fit
i think this mask would better fit someone who had dry because my face felt worse afterwards
my skin actually felt more oily than usual just after use
mouth were cut much larger than other masks i've used
as for the results itself it was no better or worse than any other sheet mask out there
the price is way too much for something that does so little
i don't think it was much more effective than dr
my skin became just so patchy
the bad: it absorbs a little too quickly.
so this likely works better for dry skin that would absorb better
i wanted so much to love this.
not as much as other products i've tried
this moisturizer was pretty average.
left my face shinier than i wanted it to be
my break outs are worse than usual
turns out this product pushed me over the line of too much hyaluronic acid
this is much too light.
i think maybe they were too old because it was very heavy
it left my face looking shinier than usual
maybe if this came in a mattifying formula it would work better
in fact if anything it made my wrinkles a touch worse??
the pump lets out way to much product
while the eye cream is disappointing only really in so far as the packaging
it has lasted remarkably well– a little goes a long way
it also hasn't made my skin worse
no matter how much i shook it or mixed it
i could have gotten with a far less expensive cream
it definitely did not reverse them or slow the aging process because my lines are most definitely worse than when i started this serum
i still have plenty left
just have no motivation to open a second container when it doesn't do more than their other great face moisturizer does
i would say it even dried the skin out somewhat
i'll preface by saying that i have very bad dark circles -probably much worse than what other reviewers are claiming to have
i'll look for a much cheaper option next time.
most waaayyy cheaper than this
without having a clue how much product was even left
the fine lines became much more apparant
glad it is working better for others!
i expected much better for the price.
dispenser was good too as it provided just enough product
probably less than 2 minutes or so
for as much as this costs
i feel this packaging is poorly done.
buy a product with a much better packaging ploy
i unfortunately started to get little whiteheads after using it
i love it so much that my sister even tried it out
so bad from it
i feel like this would be much better suited for oily skin
no matter how tight you close or
it keeps leaking a little even though i make sure to close it very tightly
which is too bad because it would be easier than carrying the soap bars
it always leaks no matter how hard i tighten it
found it took off her makeup much better than her normal cleanser
it is more red
it also made me break out with little bumps
did leave it feeling a little more dry than normal
unfortunately the more i use it
it much more like just a regular clear liquid soap
if just felt like i was moving little balls around on my face
however i have noticed that the cleanser will probably go faster than the toner so the fact that it doesn't last as long as a gel cleanser
you're better off spending a bit more on like the fresh cleanser
much bigger than the actual product in it
the inner container is actually raised bottom so you get so little product
it was nothing too-too special
i should've known better
if the mask in the tube was a little more viscuous
maybe you could get more out of it
a little does not go a long way.
there are so many masks out there
more like pure fire on my face
how little product you get
my skin is way more bumpy than before all over my face
maybe it's better for an overall slightly oily skin
would have been better if it was gel just pump on my h
my foundation is just patchy
$20 seems very pricey for something that shrinks this quickly
more than half of the ball is gone
even if it lasted a month i would feel better.
it did a decent job everywhere other than the eye area
and not buying one more.
the $20 price point does seem a bit high for something that clearly has a two week lifespan
i can think of any number of products out there they work better
if it smelled better i would give more stars.
it dries my skin a little bit too much
however, the good stops there.
though not nearly as bad as when i was younger
my face usually knows how to balance itself out
i actually felt more dry by morning than usual.
just another hyped product!
it just seems pretty average.
other cleansers work just as well with more product
i don't feel like this makes my skin brighter or smoother
also it ran out a lot quicker than i expected.
on to something with more oomph..
i gave it 3 stars because it would only even my skin tone
no real difference as far as skin texture
would be able to deal with it a little better had the product actually worked for me
a little goes a long way.
just generally worse looking
so far no results
maybe i need to use it longer
i feel the price is a little high
it becomes a bit harder to spread
maybe it looked a tad bit worse because i got little bumps on my forhead
i believe it made me break out a little bit too
i expect a little more when this costs as much as it does
i've since switched to other things that make my skin feel so much more hydrated
much less "waterlike" vs for example
actually a little more dry
i love it so much!
a little goes a long way trust me
the more i use it
i feel like my face is much oilier the next day even after washing it
my eyes get absurdly puffy overnight so maybe i just need something stronger
anything i put over it became even more dehydrated
there are better moisturizers out there
this could have been done with a mask cheaper or an exfoliator
my skin did not look more youthful.
it didn't make my skin any brighter or smoother
i left it on a bit longer than 20 minutes because it didn't fully dry
not brighter, not smoother, not softer.. nothing.
there are way better brightening masks out there
i expected so much more
my skin looks no brighter than when it does when using my usual mask regimen
a little too subtle for price
there are better tinted moisturizers that offer better coverage
rather than mattify my skin
my skin is more combination so the product was a little overkill
i would have expected something a little more
the only thing that i noticed was it made my face a little softer
my face tone may have been a bitttt more even
however i couldn't really notice much more of a difference
you may need to use it longer than i did to see more results
it was better than in the morning
as much as i liked these results
maybe i needed to use it longer
i would see more changes
a little goes a long way
i think you could get something that's just as good for significantly less money
i think this may be a better product for more mature skin
as the 4th day in it didn't help out my skin much rather than make it feel rougher
tight than without it
it still has too much silicone
it also contains too much fragrance for me.
this is much more accurate.
it would be much easier to review positively
been breaking out much more than usual lately on both side if my cheeks
turned out the spot didn't go smaller or any less red
in fact it made them worse
i get bumps ever so often
i've already used so much in the attempt of it maybe working
you have normal-oily skin this might be better suited to you
maybe i would trust those more
there are even more
my skin no longer looked matte
they haven't gotten any lighter
i find this more tricky to use than what i usually prefer
there are much better out there
it's working much better for me.
not much change to lines
albeit this product is not for me
way too many chemicals.
was expecting a lot more from this product
the smell is quite strong so that can be off putting to many
used to love this moisturizer now not so much
a little goes a long way so it lasts forever.
if it was a bit more subtle it would be much higher rated
the scent was just too much
i think this product would be much better for those with sensitive skin if ole henriksen did not incorporate artificial fragrance
the on the go cleanser sounded somewhat similar
i think better than my purity ever did.
was a little more difficult to rinse off compared to purity
plus its a good bit cheaper.
maybe my standards are too high.
this left me more dehydrated than it was before i used it
even when it was oily it was too much
especially if you have a keener-than-average sense of smell
the only good thing i can say is that a little goes a long way
looks like it works better for a lot of other people
the drug store one i used before did a better job making my makeup stay moisturized than this did
that's about as far as the pros go
so i thought maybe i applied to much product.
i am not sure how much it improved the pigmentation
there are other great moisturizers i love a lot more than this one
if anything my skin looks worse
wish it was thicker
also i find it doesn't go as far as many others.
for the most part it hasn't really helped with any of my concerns
if anything my acne has gotten worse since i started using this product
maybe this moisturizer works better for other skin types
not horribly but noticeably.
noticed so many more bumps
it maybe made my skin a little brighter
i wanted to love this so much
i hope others have better luck.
didn't absorb as much as i'd hoped
even after waiting quite a while for it to absorb into skin
my skin has less breakouts and is more brighter.
t's better to apply it in the evening or the make up will be scary
it really does not make much of a difference for my skin other than clog my pores
it makes it worse if anything
i noticed my skin started breaking out more than it usually would
look for something with better ingredients :
this one though i think it was just an average moisturizer
as much as i wanted to like this product
it felt so heavy
my skin looked progressively worse the longer i used it
i much prefer sheer tranformation :)
maybe i'm putting too much?
00 is just too expensive
even though it was a gift.
i think this is better suited for spot-treatment or very
it's too bad since it has so many good reviews.
i wanted so much to like this.
i wanted to love this so much
broke me out more than anything else i've ever used
some even less expensive then this one
couldn't get over how much different the texture was
no matter how little cream i use
hope in a jar seemed to work no better than most of my moisturizers
the smell was also stronger than i had expected.
because i have found plenty of less expensive moisturizers that work better
i know that it smells much better
even though my skin feels smooth after i put it on
even worse as the product gets older
i found the scent stuck around far too long
a little does not go a long way
this would probably be much better suited to someone who wants a very light moisturizer
also, a little does not go a long way.
i will likely be returning to a much less expensive product
maybe it is way too accustomed to argan oil
i like the version with spf much better which i also tried out in travel size
it works rather than spend 40$ for this product
it hasn't gotten better
it is only getting worse
a weaker formula than what i already have
i'll probably give this to my mother because she had mature skin
possibly made it worse
my skin looked better again
what convinced me that my unceasing breakouts was more than just purging was that i was getting really gross
after doing more research elsewhere would have never bought
my skin looked better before.
pretty much every night, but minimum 5x a week.
i may need to start using it more often or i may actually need a higher dose of retinol
for that money it should do much better
may actually cause more harm than good
they can make the skin smoother
flatter giving it a brighter
more tired than they were before
rather than sinking in it dries to a kind of film
a little bit hydrating but not enough for me.
so much air in the bottle
as my eyes are looking worse than normal
for the price i was expected so much more
did little to reduce the dark circles though
i find it much better than the pots you have to dip your finger into
my much cheaper larger eye cream
it would be nice of it had a little more hydration
eye-rollers that work way better than this
stings a little bit too.
it has done nothing
so far it's nothing more than just average
it doesn't work any better than what you could pick up at the drug store for half the price
this one is only so-so
in fact, i have more clogged pores than usual.
might be better for other skin types
i personally liked it better as a cleaner.
only because it is nicer to travel with
i went back to my old routine which has helped me a whole lot more than the umbrian clay
u was expecting a little bit more
i used the bar version before realizing there was a less messy version of this product
though it seems much too expensive for the amount you're paying for
so far i've had no problems with the other 2 products
plenty of other products do the same thing better
eventually my super dry skin just got to be too much for it
but after using this product, my skin gets worse!
i like that it has little to no scent
it would stretch out longer than a month
by day 3 or 4 it was too heavy for my skin
probably would be good with someone who has drier more mature skin
i would not buy it again because i believe there better products that moisture as much as this one
this would probably be better for those who can tolerate a lot of fragrance in their products
this would probably be better for someone with normal or dry skin
little to know acne problems
when you go too long just applying this product
however still a light cleanser that works well
this new formula is very bad though.
i don't see much benefit from using it
i need a little something to get the grim off.
a little irritating at first
i couldn't believe how much was left after washing
that was still there as well
better for my skins needs
my skin can sometimes feel a little tight
i just don't think it is helping as much as my last cleanser
i could probably get something with more wow factor from a drugstore
it is much more drying than expected :
lately its just not loving this product even though at some point it was a godsend
something is no longer right with this.
it's so much better!
made no difference what so ever.
i feel like this uses too much product to cover the spots i have
it's hard to control how much product comes out with each twist
returned it because so much product was going to waste
my breakouts need something much stronger
it actually made me break out a little.
so far so good i think.
maybe also deal with dark circles
it also didn't absorb as fast as i would have liked since i rub my eyes a lot
unfortunately, this irritated my eyes so much.
sad because it's more affordable than the alternatives i wanted to try
more often i found i couldn't get the product out of the container
sophora can help youfind one that gets better reviews
one pump is too much for one use
this is one of their more average ones where it's just good not great
i'd just rather have another br
not getting worse either
it may be better for those who only need lightweight moisture
a little goes a long way
this might be too strong
perhaps this would be better for someone with more "normal" skin
as far as brightening goes
my guess is that it works much better on younger skin
it was too strong for my husb
figured that the moisturizer would be much of the same
this cleanser made me break out so much !
it just overall was harsher than i expected.
too many "natural" ingredients that did nothing
this dries out my skin too much after using it.
maybe use a thinner plastic that makes it easier to squeeze the bottle?
i think this cleanser is best suited for individuals with normal skin who wear little to no makeup at all
it has done nothing
it doesnt have much of a scent
one tube lasts quite a long time as you don't need a lot
i noticed that my skin was starting to break out a lot more than normal
it makes me think of a mojito with too much alcohol in it
especially for how much you're paying
it doesnt do anything it made me break out more
but it was a great cleanser none the less
the results are promising so far
which i prefer slightly
not without costing at least twice as much
makes me use them less often
this product seems ok so far.
the packaging however is so frustrating.
so far i like the product.
my pores do seem to be a bit smaller
much worse than before i was using it.
this works a little bit
while it helped a little bit, not enough for $40.
this may have been a better fit
perhaps it would be more effective for somebody else
sephora no longer sells dermadocto's ain't misbehavin'
ii got very little results
this formula is far too thick for my taste
it's no better than pond's cold cream
even though i used it for quite a while
no more ask for aassistance .
while it hasn't made my skin any worse
since it's so expensive i went to sephora
it did reduce it a little bit
the cream is too rich, i need something lighter.
the breakouts have gotten better though
turned out to be too good to be true-sadly
excpected so much more from such a pricey item.
for the price, i was expecting alot more.
it really did seem to help his under eye area somewhat
so far, nothing really.
perhaps more effective than most of the others
might work better on older skin than younger.
it did not look lighter or younger
other than being just an average eye cream i can't say much else
cheaper creams would work just as well.
even tried storing it in the fridge with little to no results
it has helped my dark circles somewhat
a little goes a long way.
be easier to use than the mask
into a million little pieces
perhaps they changed the recipe.
i found that my homemade masks did a better job
for the price i was hoping it can do a little bit better than that
people with oilier skin might have better luck with this bar
just not for this much $$...
it also comes in a container unlike this bar which can get pretty messy
add too much water
felt like i wasted way too much of this rather expensive bar just trying to figure out how to use it correctly
it didnt work in fact it made my skin worse
my forty dollars can definitely be better spent else were
i would give it more because it does make your pores look smaller
too much money down the drain :/ if you're thinking about buying i hope you get better results than me :
there are cheaper cleansers out there that do the job just as well
this stuff makes my skin look more flaky than it already is
well this cleanser has dried me out even more!
for the price i think there are a better options
is slightly more difficult to use
find it way too complicated to follow in the morning
given the price i thought this would be better.
does not take off makeup even a little.
this made it feel better
to have a finish far from matte
also, makeup does not go over it very well.
it felt more like an oil
for some reason makes my skin produce more oil than it did before i started using this
a little goes a long way
takes a little bit of time to absorb.
this product really made it worse
when i use this it makes it even worse
too expensive for little you get yet so sticky
i reach out to other moisturizer instead even though i paid so much money for this
it left me rather oily a lot sooner in the day
other than that this was a no for me
i am saving the rest for the summer months in hopes that it works for me better when my skin isn't quite as dry
it ultimately made my skin much worse
no matter how much/little i applied
it made my skin much more oily after only a few hours of wearing it
you can only imagine how much of my foundation actually stayed on by the end of the day
it is more like a balm
i finished the bottle because it did get absorbed well in to my skin which generally doesn't take moisturizer so well
it's just too strong
it did make my skin more even though
which is more than i can say about most products some to treat this
did nothing for me as far as diminishing
costs way too much
seems like a lot of money for no real results.
it definitely made my skin a little brighter
haven't really seen much improvement
for as much as this costs i was hoping to tell a difference
if the bottle was just a tad bit bigger
this is just too expensive for the size
this isn't really a "little goes a long way" product
this product made my fine lines worse by drying out my skin so much
i've used products just as good for less of a cost
my expectations were higher because of how good clarins usually is
it was just too harsh for my skin
no problems so far with skin irritation or anything like that
maybe i was expecting to much from an eye cream.
it does work a little
i keep using the lancome until i find something better for the circles
it is so minimal that it could just be my imagination
but it doesn't make my eyes look better.
i guess sleep more
not so much on the darkness though.
i did agree that he looked 10 years younger than his real age
my under-eye area feels tired more than ever
i usually get much better result when i pay this much money for a product
it was so bad and too much for my skin.
some much more affordable than this
there are many of those for a much cheaper price
it was much less rich
seemed even stickier than when i put it on
still see clearly the fine lines
have not noticed any change so far
this is a pretty average product
my foundation last much shorter with this thing underneath
there are a lot of products that does a better job than this one
i wanted to like this more than i did.
maybe my skin is beyond help.
maybe i should lower my expectations.
given that it stings the eyes so badly
i must have a little in my eyes
hoping more product would help
it was a little too strong for me
does the job well
get pores-no-more
felt much more evened out
-- i was hoping for better results
however, it dried my skin out too much.
this cleanser was just way too harsh for me.
ultimately it's just too harsh
i also think it made my face break out more.
i think it stripped too much away from my face.
i think i got more product on the side of the bottle than on my fingers
the problem i have is that you need to pump it about 15-20 times to get a good amount of product
i think i notice a little bit of improvement.
which is much more affordable
the 'pores no more vacuum' i have very large pore that i have been battling with my whole life
my face is overall better
i think they actually got bigger
plus i can see them more.
since using this moisturizer it's gotten even worse
i could not give the product less than 3 stars even though i should because it is a good night time moisturizer in the dry winter months
i gave it more than enough time.
it hasn't made my face worse
considering how much it cost
my pore getting even bigger than before.
actually felt more greasy after putting this on
this one just not so much
this is a very pricey product that so far has not show any results-also dries your skin a lot
bought it because the good seemed to outweigh the bad
it actually made it worse
t's products made better impression on me
i didn't break out any worse than before i began using it
i stopped using it beause it started to cause more irritation than anything
it made my skin even oilier than it was before
the product is concentrated so a little does go a very long way
i did not realize it was more of an after sun treatment rather than an every day moisturizer
now i am "out" too
it's frustrating to spend money on a big bottle of something that you have to throw out after a few months
have to say that i didn't like the strong "cooling" sensation that felt more like burning
i loved it so much that i use it for eye cream
at first i thought that would be too little
i would have much better appreciated it
felt like it was much too heavy
it ended up being just a bit too rich for my skin
especially not right now during the colder season
for long term every day use i still think milk mixed with rose water would be better for the face than this cosmetic
a little too heavy for my skin
maybe better as a night cream?
for the cost of this lotion you can get much better for less
not much better than drugstore moisturizer after one month of nightly use
i will be returning it as i have definitely had better night creams
it is pricey and little goes a long way.
the oil-free pomegranate one is much much better
i still think the price is a little steep for such a little tube
that's as far as it goes
you get so little product
hopefully that one works better.
rather it just sits on the surface
case in point: this little gem from murad.
the scent is better
for my average daily life i got something lighter
easier what is good under my makeup too
get shinier throughout the day
the more you smell it the worse it gets
this probably isn't any worse than any of the others
i expected something a bit more refined
it tones down after having it on for a little bit
i think it is a bit too pricey for what it is
this has more or less stopped working
it was far too heavy
it absorbs quickly and a little goes a long way.
so the smell would probably be even stronger to a non-smoker
all in all seems to be a lot of money for soso product
its really pricey too!
it also didn't absorb into my skin as well as it seems to for most people
isn't noticeably different from something you could get at the drugstore
my overall feeling is: it is not nearly as good as clinique
my skin is looking smoother in about one week
i feel i could get this from a somewhat cheaper cleanser
thought i could get away with a less expensive item
i find that it makes my make up harder to blend in
'm ok with the trade off of less make up for more moisture
i also noticed that i had to use more product quantity than i would normally use for face cream since it was rather thick
this product is no better
than all the many others i've tried
it hasn't done much to help fine lines
i expected more from a $50 cream
there are better products which are more effective
2 weeks and i look worse than before.
maybe if i use it for a couple months longer i'll see better results
it hasn't made anything better or worse on the dark circles front
maybe i am spoiled by some other eye products in my arsenal that seemed to make more of a difference
not even one bit.
i don't see much difference in my skin
so far i like this product.
it did nothing really as far as fine lines
actually was a little drying to me
the product should be better
i wish i would have just spent less money
there are certainly others that i have tried that are better
not as much as i had hoped
as much as i wanted to see a difference
my eyes looked a little more crepe-y than usual
it certainly is better than no eye cream at all
it has done nothing for my fine-lines
i'll continue to use it since i already spent so much
will continue using for a bit longer.
i would wake up with puffier eyes than if i had not used eye cream more often than not
too expensive not to work, so i returned it.
to make it even worse
i prefer that consistency to the more watery ones out there
my under eyes are actually worse.
need to go to something less potent
i don't see much difference from other products
hard to say if it gives you much of a result
decided to give it another try since it's so much cheaper here
this burns quite badly the entire time it is on my face
sadly this continues to burn just as badly
also, the smell is a little stronger to me.
too much work for the results which were okay at best
maybe i'm expecting too much from a moisturizer or perhaps i'm too young to see its true effects
i will give it more time
eye cream works better than this product
i gave it two weeks to see if the irritation gets better
not better than other eye creams i have used.
strivectin's is much more effective.
actually, my eyes were worse than watery.
it seemed to make my craping under my eyes even worse
maybe my expectations were higher?
fine lines around my eye area are getting worse.
it does go under makeup well.
irritated as long as i have it on
i wanted to like this more than i did because i love the fact that korres' products are more natural than a lot of other lines
t seemed better than using nothing at all
it did not spread well
the next day i always end up with more flakes than usual
even worse it is heavily scented
i couldn't put on make-up for quite a while
im not even applying too much
well the result is bad :
the smell is too much for me
night cream is better
i've used thicker creams that have penetrated way better than this product did
sometimes it seemed to make my face more red because i have to blend it in so much
as much as i wanted to love it
had hard time applying it as well.
a little goes a long way
better on the lips
not so much for around the lips
i hoped for a little more.
the consistency of this product makes me feel as though i'm doing more harm than good
have always struggled with dark circles
i think my dark circles got worse.
not much change in lines.
i can name a lot of other eye creams i have had that worked better
my dark circles seem to have improve a little
i felt those fine lines looked worse
it actually najee's the skin around my eyes burn a little :
when i try to spread it i end up pulling my skin too much
there are much better eye creams on the market.
the formula just felt too heavy for me.
it still felt too thick
there was also something about the smell that was slightly rancid
will give it more time
any eye cream is better than none
actually, too quickly, in my opinion.
i end up using a lot more cream than with others i've tried as a result of this
i found this to be way too heavy on my skin
cream because it cost too much money to toss
this cream was way too heavy for me
figured it would travel better
i feel it is much harsher on my skin than the liquid version
i suggest getting a more high quality cleanser with good ingredients
it lathers so well and not much is needed.
a little goes a long way as well
my crows feet haven't gotten any worse
just not much difference
a little heavy for my taste
for 3 months it seem to make things worse
a little pricey for the results
well not so much
it will just do more harm than good.
prefer it much better
i only gave this 3 stars because it takes too long to wash off…anything more than 2 splashes of water is too long for me
i think drug store eye creams do more work than this one
never really absorbs because of how much silicone is in it
it makes my makeup look worse under my eyes.
the milia is still slightly there
does not do much more than that
quickly so the effect is not very long lasting.
maybe for younger eyes?
i expected it to be lighter
i think you could easily get a better eye cream that does more than just moisturize them for less
this would work well for you
so far has not done much of anything
i wanted more moisture because i generally only use eye cream at night
like it to feel heavier
a little bit eye bags
it is also slightly oily so when i am rushed in the morning i do not use this because i dont have time to wait for it to absorb into the skin
however not sure if it works as well with dark spots
still searching for eye cream that works better.
i found another product by murad that was much better
i wanted something stronger
it is definitely more of a cream than a gel now.
will not use it any more
i would rather have a pump
it goes on well
he said it was too light weight
he could find better options from the drugstore
this lotion will not work too well
my skin also began to peel a little bit.
after putting double how much i would usually put
it just seemed like no matter how much of this i put on my face
didnt do much for moisturising for me
i plan on saving this for the summer when my skin tends to be greasier
a little goes a long way
it made my skin even worse
there are different moisturizers on the market that would be much better for my skin
this turned out to be harming me more than helping
try something a little lighter that doesn't smell
something i could do for much less $$$
i would definitely buy it more
the smell is a bit much.
there are other masks that do a better job.
i believe their are way better products out there at this price point though
i think these are a little too heavy for my skin
perhaps this is better suited to drier skins
i think it does a better job toning the skin
i would feel much happier about the product
not sure why i'd ever pay so much to make my skin worse
i think there are better masks that do more for my skin
a little goes a long way
every fresh product i've tried so far turned out to be a failure
rather it just sits on the skin
still in search of a better moisturizer
maybe the product would be better for people with oily skin
find something a bit lighter for the summer months
i started getting more oily than ever
so far it feels good on my skin
almost too much so
it stings quite a bit
even after using it twice it's still very hard to get off
i need something more gentle than this.
not too crazy about it just bought it because youtubers hyped it up so much every time i use it i get it in my eyes
it lasts very long though
even more exciting: bonus points for spf!
what i liked:it's very moisturizingit did reduce eye puffinessthe spf is goodskin did appear to have fewer fine lines
i love the pump it easier to use
causing them to feel a bit too tight
perhaps it was the spf?
as far as the product itself
the easier it is to prevent them when you're older
the more i used it the more crows feet i would see start to form around my eyes
don't put too much or else it will be thick.
just wait for a little bit
as much as the product is not meant to get into your eye i have never had this problem from any other under eye cream
it seemed to wear off rather quickly
it's better than some creams i've tried
its a so-so product
it does brighten a little
there are better eye creams out there that do more
this product has way too much fragrance for me
this product made me break out worse than i have in a very long time
this is just too mild
i love caudalie very much.
my only issue with this cleanser is that it is a little too gentle
i would like it a lot more
you might easier find another better one than it.
$28 for a face wash is pretty steep considering it doesn't really do much
require something a little stronger
you need a little bit more than normal
which means you go through the product quicker
thought i would love the cleanser just as much
maybe the more mild one would be better
my skin was not getting better, nor worse.
the acne kept getting worse
ever since i've been using this it got worse
my breakouts never got better.
i don't see much difference between this one
i would have to say after trying this product it made my skin worse
as much as i want to love this cleanser
this clearer does a great job take off makeup
i feel as though i could find a better face wash that would be more effective
either way i had more acne i had ever had in my life because of this cleanser
i hate giving this a less than amazing review
my skin type is combo with it being a little more greasy in the summer time
thought this product would make my skin even better
my face is already looking so much better
that can do a better job of that
this product did nothing to keep shine away for longer than 1 hour
this product has been hyped up so much
could it be that i just have rather large pores?
to be spending that much money on such little product that doesn't do much
it's not better than the porefessional
not far from it
that was a little pricey for me
sometimes less expensive is more.
much to my surprise- there was no response at all
so much has been wasted or unintentionally overused because the bottle will not cooperate
all i want to use is a pea size or less i just don't need any more than than
i wound up liking another *much* less expensive product much more
this product felt like it put its efforts into feeling more luxurious
maybe it would help someone better
didit see much difference when i put it on half face to compare the difference
also does not help with makeup lasting so you will still need a primer
that did a much better job
it goes away, but it pretty strong initially.
better than some i've tried
that was far from the case
so you have to use more to get the job done
when there's similar products for way less
can no longer be rubbed around
which i don't like so much
perhaps it would go great things for people with other types of skin
irritated my skin less than all the others
there is even twice as much product
i find i have better moisturizers that cost alot less
even more make up comes off
i can see though that it might not be great for heavier make up wearers
it was way too light
not seen much of a difference in my skin
it's been too long
and other than that... it does nothing.
i do know that every person is different as far as skin goes
this was just too strong
feels more like a day cream.
none of which have gotten any brighter.
i probably need something stronger since i have so many acne scars
even with all the positives about it
the price is a little steep for something that you still need to purchase a cleanser
it is a little expensive for what is really is
there are much better serums out there that's cheaper than this
many other moisturizers with spf that are better than this one
i noticed that i've been breaking out a lot more
my face has never produced so much oil before
i did however think that it was a little too oily for my liking
the smell was just too much for me
the first day i stopped using it my face it got significantly better
it was much much better before i started using it
the problem with the product it had to much hydration for me
i find it a little too greasy
i broke out worse than i ever have in my entire life
my face becomes even oilier after awhile
it reminded me of smashbox's primer, but worse.
i think the formula is too strong
i wouldn't normally pay this much money for a beauty product
although a little more concentrated
it seems to control the oil a little
a little spendy for the results
however it has not worked well on my skin
so maybe this would work better on younger skin
i don't see much difference on my skin after using this
a little goes a long way
get more oily than normal
made me look older than i am
not as well as the seabeery oil
i don't think it's making my skin looking younger or better with its price tag
there are products out there that will work better
a lot more cheaper than this
had so much residue
there are better products out there
clinique completely one up-ed itself by making the balm version of this which is way better in every way
the take the day off balm is a much better option
there are too many cons that come with it
hopefully the balm is better?
how about got no milk.
i believe this is more focused of skin clearance of acne then taking off anything else
it lasts a lot longer
the pump bottle better
the product doesn't work nearly as well
just wish it removed more make up with less product
much prefer the balm to this
they seem to carry it at some sephoras
worse i ever used.
i feel dirtier than when i was wearing make up properly
is more stubborn than i realize
i think it works better for foundation
it is more on the thinner/runnier side
i look 5 yes younger just from the eye area alone using it for less than a month
however i found it a bit too greasy on my face
it would be much better in a pump or jar.
but i couldn't get over the strong frangrance!
while i was able to feel a smoother skin as a result of one week of use
often will by night time creams because they are much thicker
will keep on looking something richer.
as far as anti-aging goes it is just average
to me this feels more like a day cream.
i think i look for a more subtantial
i actually like it better than the benefiance original
this one is way too greasy
i'd break out very badly
decolete when i would rather use something that deals with the wrinkles
stick to something a little lighter.
my skin did seem a little tight even after applying it
no complaints so far though.
i think that for $55 there are much better creams out there
maybe it is too thick
it was simply too heavy for me
no matter how little i applied
coconut oil is definitely 10x better
at first i thought i was using too much.
same problem no matter how much i used.
i expected more results
dryer skin may fare better
they also felt a bit rough on my face.
these are a little too expensive for my taste.
it seemed to prevent that a bit
also, i was just as oily if not more than usual.
i took two stars off because i do not think it is work the price when there are cheaper products out there that do just as well
it just never absorbed in no matter how little i used
it controls my t-zone pretty well on a normal day
this just made it worse
i no longer use it.
if i would so much as touch my face
wish it kept my skin matte longer
i remember that the jar is smaller than i thought it was going to be
personally for me it just left more to be desired
i've liked other shiseido products better
this was too much
too expensive for what im using it for
i've tried so many others hoping to find something less expensive or something that had better results
so far no luck
the skin feels much firmer
the cream is too rich for me even i only apply a little bit at night
way too heavy for day time
this cream was too
only need a little bit
my brown spots don't look any better than before.
i think there's other better products out there.
over time i noticed it was really drying my skin out even worse than it already is
i also started breaking out more than usual
as far as brightening effects go
perhaps people with oilier skin would have better results with this product
otherwise my skin feels too stretched out
i did give one star as a little does go a long way
there are good products out there that will make your skin brighter
so far he is not really seeing the affects
still stuck with it for one more week
t doesn't work as well as the older formula
has spf 15 which is a plus too
has too much sun
if i try to smooth it out more by rubbing more
it gets even flakier
that seems to help the flaking issue a little bit
it was too light that my skin too.
a little too lightweight for me.
i like some of the other shiseido products better
they focused too much on the appearance
this product did not absorb too well
i more i would rub it in, the worse it got.
dead skin on my face even more obviously that it only happened to me when i used super cheap cream in high school
disapointing since it was so expensive.
that was way too much
it was still too heavy
there has not been much
it was much too thick
this is a bit too greasy and heavy for me.
well in need of something
a little goes a long way
i like their pep-start eye cream better.
this product doesnt do much for brightening
hasn't done much for my very severe dark circles
that seemed to work better for me
it is a thick lotion where a little goes a long way though
it is also slightly oily so when i am rushed in the morning i do not use this because i dont have time to wait for it to absorb into the skin
thought it did slightly improve my dark circles
i love how much product there is for the price
how long it lasts as you only need a tiny bit
this clinique works much better than it
i find the texture of it is a much better fit for me
by morning my eyes are only very marginally improved from when i don't wear it
my breakouts have actually gotten worse since i've been using this product
i did notice a red spot on my face get less red a lot faster than it ever would have
perhaps it would be a good choice for oilier skin types
has a thin sort of consistency which makes me feel as though i need more than one pump to clean my face
do wish the texture was a bit thicker
but so far i still hate it!
this actually broke my skin out more.
maybe because it is too balancing?
i expect something a bit longer lasting then this
it also made me a lot more oily
my skin turned even more red
not just a little i had a rough reaction
i decided to purchase a clarisonic mia 2 to try to make my skin look even better than it already did
maybe i had too high of expectations
ended up returning to purchase something a little more heavy duty
the pump dispenses way too much product
liked them much better than this eye gel
perhaps this is a product for someone younger than 50
the pump does give too much gel out
the smell was too much for me
this got worse with each use.
i don't see the effects of it much
very far from my gold st
it takes alot more to cover
i like this product well enough
we go from bad to worse with sodium hydroxymethylglycinate
this cream is definitely too much money for what it does
i don't see any improvements except maybe my skin is slightly more luminous
if you want something that does more thn slightly reduce
the bigger ones are still there ill try it a few more times before i decide if im going to keep it
used for 3 months %26 pretty much did nothing
however i felt like it was almost too mild
it dried out my skin a bit even when i left it on for less than 10min
the price is too much for having to use so much to get the results that are intended
for $30 i can find something that cleans better
after a couple days of using it my skin has actually gotten a lot worse
it's really so annoying that i have to waste more than half of the product because the glass keeps cracking in half
its no longer easy to travel with
i feel like this product caused my skin to break out even more
my acne is not better
no matter how much moisturizer i used
irritated it actually caused my skin to break out even more
the product was much too harsh for me
maybe for someone younger.
hopefully it'll work better over time.
it just continued to get worse
my face in general just looks so much healthier
this stuff has done a fairly good job of clearing up my skin so far
not any better than the ptr mask
so expensive for something so little ....
for $48 i hoped it would've done better.
like something i could get at the drug store for much cheaper
hasn't done much to help control breakouts
even though it was expensive
i should have known better
i want to give it a little longer to work
it only helped a bit
just a little bit less frequent
my breakout is the same, if not worse.
it certainly hasn't gotten better
i think this made my skin more oily than it is.
it's also way too expensive for the amount that comes in the bottle
nothing has worked so far
the bottle was a little hard to squeeze
not for the better
there were just too many bad chemicals in it for me to like
maybe better for after cleansing 1st
i did not like the consistency of this product it is too thin
i think it requires more time than i expect at this cost
overall so much better
this is a nice product none-the-less
i broke out to a much more severe degree than usual
it just got worse.
my eyes got better
my skin looked fresher the next day
because i just became too lazy for it
because i just became too lazy for it
for something that merely feels good
it also burned a little
there are probably better products out there for your money -- i've been using this product for almost two months
it seemed too pricey to have to experiment
my wrinkles may even be worse.
i really think that it is remarkably average
this cream does seem to slightly reduce the look of fine lines
soothing for a lot less money
does not work too expensive for junk that i swear my eyes look ten years older after using do not buy
learned the hard way more expensive doesn't mean better product
this actually made my skin breakout more
this lotion made me even more oily than i already am
made it much worse
it dried my skin a little too much
which works better with my mufe primer
was really hoping this would help keep me matte longer than an hour
perhaps it would be better for the summer weather
it just got worse every day
nothing too hard to h
if i'm spending that much money on a moisturizer
i know there are way more expensive moisturizers out there
this is still rather expensive for me
it made my breakout even worse
i found i was breaking out more than usual
this moisturizer started out well enough
this product might be worthwhile for others who are slightly dewy
eventually it was too much
that my face has gotten softer
i've also broken out a bit more
i stick with natural lines as they are better for my skin
this would work well for you
better than the day cream with spf30
i could get this from alot of products that don't cost as much
the pimples that's been significantly getting bigger before i used this product
it felt a little light
make my acne getting worse
after that my skin getting better
no change for the better
a month into this product my face got so much worse
more acne opposed to other face washes however i still get around 5 pimples on my forehead at a time while using this so there are probably better face washes out there i'm just too afraid to try something else
irritated my skin so much
i broke out more than ever
i think my skin just progressively got worse
3 it seriously made my skin worse
after a good week or so of using it it started to break me out worse than i had before
plus i seem to break out more since using this..
this seemed to irritate rather than clear anything up
as far as acne
so maybe my expectations were high
my skin got a lot better after i stopped.
if i keep using it every day twice a day then it helps get rid of the pimple a little quicker than normal
i gave 2 stars rather than just 1 because it absorbs quickly
it is possible that this could work better on a different type of acne than what i have
i found myself getting more acne spots
this makes it even worse
it works a little though
maybe it was too gentle.
this product might be good for long-term skin control
maybe it helps in the long term
seems gentle so far.
i think it's a little more expensive than the proactiv br
i like this one a little better since it doesn't smell like sulfer
just not as much as i'd like it to
it actually caused me to break out even more.
after that it just lightened my marks really little
they will do more.
to make it even worse
i would say there has been little to no change at all
got better results from my dermatologist.
i figured it was one of those product that takes effect slowly
my skin is worse than it was
my skin is worse than it was
there are few ingredients as bad as this one.
the acne marks have not faded -- not even a little bit
too pricey for how well it works
i feel i had too high of hopes for this product.
while my skin hasnt gotten worse
it hasnt gotten much better either
i don't believe they improved them very much either
i think maybe it helped heal pimples a little bit faster
the smell is stronger than other products
overall there is not that much product given
not even an hour sometimes
looks more even in tone
a little of this cream does not go a long way.
anything that pretty much claims to renew skin
since i have spent so much money on it
i would like to wait for some more time
i'll stick with it because it was pricey
i just think it was too potent for my skin.
but as far as wrinkles go, ahhhhh noot do much.
when i pay this much money
a product where a little goes a long way
this has done nothing.
feels better after use than before use
this cream worked no better
no worse than other night creams i have tried
my acne flared up much worse than usual
actually it was getting worse
it didn't make it better, or worse.
i need something a little stronger
it has done very little for me
this soap actually makes me break out more than i was already
as a result it started to produce waaaay too much oil
even this soap was too harsh
seemed to make things worse
for a bar of soap that mildly clears your skin i think a slightly lower price would be more exceptable
its just as good or better
it's better than having nothing
probably both washes were way too aggressive.
i think it actually made it worse
a little really goes a long way as it foams up.
have not seen much change
in fact they seemed to have gotten worse
i break out less with this product
this would probably be better for someone who has little to no acne
it hasn't done much to help reduce my breakouts
this product only makes it worse
it made me break out in a much of tiny little pimples
than you might like this product
as far as treating acne no difference
maybe i need something stronger.
'm using something a little stronger now
plus you get half as much as the juice beauty for $5 more
i think my face got worse
that with some products your face gets worse before it gets better
so far so good
i think my skin needs something a little stronger
more because i'm bored than because there is anything wrong with the bosica treatment
i needed a little more "oompf" from my products
but it's $35 for 1 oz, little pricey too.
because i know natural is much better for your skin
too much fragrance for me!
it is just slightly irritating
there is still a ton of make up
thinking it would help even more
did not help very much with the redness
it still was no good
it does work well
which is much cheaper
i've already used almost half the bottle because it takes so much to work up a good lather
maybe a bit too gentile
it seems like some other methods i've tried that hasn't really shown a difference
as for being a redness solution i am not seeing much in the way of results at all
i think this product is a bit pricey
i didn't really see a change in the redness on my face after switching from a much cheaper cerave moisturizer
i gave it a whole month to work just hoping it would get better
even worse it really made my skin breakout
the old ones were going away much faster
it actually made my skin look less red
i needed something heavier
it will be more money
making it more red
i think the redness has gone down a little bit
in fact it seems like it has gotten worse.
wanted to see if i could soothe it rather than cover the problem with foundation all the time
it makes it worse
it seems like it irritated me a little
you're better off getting a less expensive
so far no instant effects
not sure it does more than olay pro x wrinkle which is much less expensive
i believe i just need to use it longer to see greater results
after that seemed like wrinkles became even deeper
i didn't see much difference as when i use other cheaper br
the smell is rather strong
but not any more.
the fragrance is a bit stronger than i would like
thought this would be just as effective
my skin was a lot smoother afterwards
just adds more acne
a little thicker than honey
also, it stung a little a little bit
is that when i leave this product on longer than 15 minutes
the rest was my usual products
i didnt notice much improvement on anything that they claimed was going to improve
i still have them still very intense in my eyes
it can last a long time since a little goes a long way
other than that it's nice and effective.
it became more of a hinderance than a help
even though it did make my face appear brighter it did nothing for dark spots
it pilled up way too much
i seem to be slightly less red
hopefully after a few more weeks i'll see bigger benefits
i always end up with more moisturizer than i would normally use if i just applied smaller amounts to my face with out mixing in a powder-
this scared me a little too
if i use any more than a half scoop then my skin gets itchy
as far as the results go
i don't see much improvement after i used almost the entire thing except it gives a bit moisture
i feel its too pricey
i should know better
it might work for some people
i'll give it a little more time though.
they look slightly brighter right after using the cream
i don't think i used it long enough too see the effects of the eye brightening effects
this has done nothing for my dark circles.
dark circles a little bit
i no longer see it's effectiveness
the circles were not even slightly brighter.
it has done little
i do notice a difference, but only slightly.
have pretty much decided if you have dark circles like mine
the last month i haven't been using it quite as much so that could be why it seems to be lasting so long
see if i like it better
for a much lower price
that was as far as it went helping with dark ciclres
however for me, not so much.
i feel like i could've gotten better results from a drug store br
when i tried the new product my skin felt 1000x better than this moisturizer ever did
so far after not using it for a week
i love clinique so much
this moisturizer was a bit too light for me
i also don't see much improvement in fine lines or other skin issues
at times the rose fragrance can be too much.
it was just too strong
it's only slightly less intense than rosewater
it was just a tad too much made me feel like a cake face especially on the areas where i get oily
i think there are better options that are most cost effective for the amount of product you get with a better scent
the fragrance in this is just too intense
also the fragrance was too much for me
the price better mean good results
i'd like it much more if it was fragrance free
or even much lighter on the fragrance
i think there are much better options for a better price
the sephora was rather far
i think i was expecting something more gently
if you apply it more heavily it does this worse.
i'd much rather use a primer that i like
there are way better ones out there.
my skin also had a little bit of that "greasy on the surface
maybe my hopes were too high
this actually seemed to make my crows feet more pronounced rather than smooth things out
looked much worse for the wear within 30 minutes each time i used it
i needed a good nighttime moisturizer that would work in the day too
if anything it makes my fine lines more prominent
i hope others have a better experience.
a little goes a long way
as far as making my face feel good i must say it was soothing
make it go bad very quickly
notice that it smells different than it used too
i actually noticed i started to break out a little
i want to give it more time
there are far better cleansers out there.
will be returning it as it cost too much to just sit under the sink
it just made me more shiney
you can do just as good with half the cost.
i think this actually made my crow's feet worse
am accustomed to people asking me if i'm tired all too often
i've come to realize i just have thin skin/bad genes as the problem does not go away with increased rest
the hollows are just getting worse
the price isn't that far off
what i got was more of the same
better off with nothing.
this stuff actually made the lines under my eyes worse
it costs so much
so far i have not noticed much difference
however often too much product comes out with each pump
maybe i am just puffier than i used to be
it's certainly no worse
hoping to see some difference after a couple of more weeks since it's really pricey
would not recommend spending so much money on this product
made my fine lines look worse
its just too early to say if this product is good
its mostly just a good eye moisturiser.
need a longer shelf life
so far i have not seen any difference.
i noticed it didn't absorb very well either even when i put on a miniscule amount on
my eye area looked actually worse than before
there are others out there that are lighter
things are only getting worse
overall not bad just a bit underwhelming.
made my face feel too tight like it was stretching
you are better off without it
this one seems to work well
the citrus only makes it worse.
okay so far, haven't seen a huge improvement
too expensive for what they claim.
this product was even more so
i will no longer use it
thought the price for it was a bit over the top as well
not any more than other moisturizers
a little goes a long way
i've used much less expensive creams that feel much more amazing as far as moisturizing
there are much better products out there.
so far i am not seeing super results from the product
i needed more than one pump to get the lather i needed
there are so much better
my skin was left wanting more
even made me break out a little
very disappointing considering i only get half way through the product before it goes rotten
this probably works well for most people.
a little goes a long way in its use.
but they also haven't gotten any worse.
so far i don't see a huge difference in my skin
i would think it would work better on people with oily skin
may work better on skin that isn't quite as dry as mine
the oil broke through my makeup quicker than usual
i needed to use way too much of this product to cover my whole face
got better over time
i think this would be good for someone with a more normal to combination skin
it makes my oily skin much worse.
a little goes a long way.
see if it works better then
more like it is a film
use less than you think you need
it hasn't done much for my skin
always get either too little or too much
there's better products and there's worse.
this cream is pretty average
in fact it feels a bit sticky initially
my skin was still shiny after a long day…wish it controlled oil more
it is a bit absurd to keep it when using the cheaper clearcalm day
night will probably yield better results
maybe some balancing effect if at all
unfortunately it did dry my skin out a little too much for the winter
it was light but almost too light for me.
as far as mattifying
i guess i was expecting something much more luxrious
it is a little heavy for me
i think i went through the product fairly quickly
i don't mind it too much though.
its a bit too greasy
a little bit goes a long way :
that may be why i disliked it so much
i think its more of a cucumbery scent
i wish it was better!
for that price, you can find something better
i don't see much of a difference in my skin
i feel there are better moisturizers out there for a better price
it looked more like i had put oil on my face rather that a moisturizer
it seems too heavy for me to use in the day
adding if you need more
a little goes a long way
hoping to see more progress with this one
if anything a little more "hydrated"
or the worse part about it, the smell!
it might be good for some people
i find the line to be really expensive for what you get though
my skin felt a little softer but that was it.
you would expect a lot more from it
there are a lot more better products in this price range
fresh products seem a little too mediocre for me.
for the price i expected a lot more.
i convinced my boyfriend to try this as he has deeper set fine lines
for the price i would expect better
i've used some cheaper alternatives which are much more hydrating than this one
i guess this is more for those naturally good skin?
good effect, but makes me break out a little bit.
i like the rose one better.
this was way too much for me
i noticed my skin started to break out a bit more
probably too drying for me now
pros: a little goes a long way.
it is a little too intense
it feels so cheap
this product does well too
however the price is a little high
they did not cost as much as this product
this is gloppier than i would like
it seems more like baby oil
it is not as good as the product it replaced
i liked it so much better.
it feels a little stickier
as much as it was great under makeup
it was too heavy for my face
it was waaay too much
the packaging could be a lot better
a pump would make it much easier to apply.
there are also much cheaper
might have even clogged more pores
i don't see what makes it better than any other argan oil that costs like half the price
overall i'd say there are better ways to keep your skin more hydrated
moroccan oil gives much better result
it is far too expensive to not make any difference at all
works a whole lot better
seem to be more dethroned in some spots of my face
my skin looked a little better
because if this had been better
to help make it better
when i used a little more product
to my surprise it is less than half gone
i've used it for a little more than a week
maybe the concentration needs to be even higher or the way in which it is delivered to the skin needs to be changed
perhaps the other 25% of "stuff" in this bottle is worth so much?
for $65 i really expected more.
also, one pump isn't enough, and two is too much.
i think certain drugstore products are far more hydrating than this one
i could try make it last longer by using less
too expensive for no results i would not recommend this
product is too expensive in my opinion compared to the lack of results i saw
i don't sweat very much at all
it's much better than most creams with spf
i'll keep out on a look out for something better
which is twice more expensive than this one
it was so much better
now it seems as if my skin is reacting to something
it's also much thicker/stickier than it was before
i'd rather it not be there from the start
it has a decent amount of spf however it is very greasy
i always had a normal skin
so there is no way to mask that
don't mind that as much
it hasn't dried out my skin any more than what it is
i figure they're on the skin for too short a time to do any good
it pretty much does the job
as far as improving the look of that skin
still have the circles
a little goes a long way
better than some that i've used
i accidentally put a little bit too much
however it just doesn't control shine very well.
for the price i had hoped this would be much better
it can help makeup stay on longer
really haven't had too much luck
i gave it so many chances
i'd have to blot my face more than 3 times a day
it takes longer to get rid of it
even when using the tiniest bit
it made it worse
typically they work out great for me
in fact made it worse
i think it would be better if this was at least spf 30
i almost feel like it made things worse.
see if i like it better
a little goes a long way
they seem to have changed the formula
but it made my acne 10x worse!!
it also had too much fragarence.
pros :- it foams a lot on very little product
i will say that it is a heavier cream that is best applied at night
i found it much to heavy to put makeup over
not sure if this is worth the price though -- i've used plenty of other products that do a better job brightening
i am 62 and look much younger.
i figured i needed a little lift for my dull skin
it is too heavy on me
i think it'd work on a more mature skin
i think it might be a little irritating?
had to be careful with how much i put on
i put a little bit on
the peeling is a little better
my skin tone is more even
bottom line: you can get better results without any side effects using the renergie lift
while this is a decent product i have used better night creams
a little goes a long way
i think the day cream does a better job at reducing fine lines too
maybe i just expect more from a night cream
thought the two together may be mightier than alone
hope that one is better for my skin
so far this eye cream does help me with puffyness
it does much more than dior did for me
have gotten so paranoid about those little fine lines around the eyes
so far so good.
this seems more like a cosmetic fix rather than long term
a little goes a long way and it is lightweight.
which did a better job
it hasn't done anything other than create more bags under the eye
if anything they look worse.
still need to give it a little more time
especially since it cost so much
that's a little too much time
plus i feel that my fingertips are getting as much of the product benefit as my crows feet
it got a little better after shaking the bottle quite a bit
for $95 i needed to feel better about my purchase
a little strong for around my eyes
very little in my lower
so far not that impressed with the product going to give it a little more time
i used it for 2 weeks hoping things would get worse before they got better
they only got worse
the newer one works better
worse than before i started using the product
my skin tone is *slightly* more even
it was way too strong for me.
as far as peel
no too heavy to where it sits there
it also leaves a little bit of a slightly sticky feel afterwards for a couple hours
i tired to use it for a little longer hoping it would get better
won't repurchase since it felt rather heavy
very little product for the money.
it smells much better than almost all moisturizers i have tried
a very average cleanser, doesn't do that much.
to the point i was rubbing my eyes so much now
some times it better to stick to what you know.
it was too expensive anyway.
you can get something like this at a much cheaper price else where
lathers well just using a little
that being said it was no better than many less expensive br
so overall its probably not a bad product
way too harsh for my skin!!
i think the ingredients here dried out my skin so much that i got those little bumps all over my face
frist, this is too much for this small product.
i expected better from a product so pricey.
it was too expensive though
it made me break out even more!
i do notice that my skin is more clear
it only got worse
my skin looks a little brighter after i use it with my clarisonic
by itself it doesnt do much for me
that one was much better
too pricy for what it does.
so far i like that better
my skin has actually gotten worse.
this product definitely last longer than any other cleanser did for me
this product actually seems to be making it worse
in my opinion it is too light
i think it would be more cost effective to purchase something else for better results
was trying to find something on the more expensive side thinking it might work better than something off the shelf at the drug store
i get so many of them
so perhaps this product is indeed better for those who have oily skin
as many moisturizers are just too heavy for me
i expected it to do a little bit more
this product may indeed be better suited for you
help my skin not suffer so much
because i sometimes need a bit more moisture than this provides
i think it could be a little heavier
00 for this is way too much
i need so much more moisture then this
i think there are better moisturizers out on the market
it became more potent as i used it a bit more
t's very likely that i just got a bad one
way too little product for the price.
though it's a good concept too much lotion came out sometimes
i always got way too much
i will keep using it to see if it gets better
even more flaky than before
i didn't like how the drying effect made my fine line appear much deeper than before
i decided to try something higher end to try to take care of my skin as i get older
it isn't much more money
i would say it would maybe be more effective on someone without skin that is very dry
if you apply too much
even though it's much more expensive than any other moisturizer i've used
would feel very tight a few minutes after putting it on
i ended up needing to exfoliate much more often while using this
no getting around it
initially thought this moisturizer would work well for the mild winters we have here in the bay area
perhaps those with slightly oilier
likes it well enough
absorbs fine as far as i can tell
maybe those with oily skin may like this more than i did
my skin had never been better
i don't like it as much at all.
overall i still like it.
as far as clarifying
other cleansers out there way better..
the little hole in the cap dispenses however much you squeeze out
i like that much about it.
it also had a cooling sensation which i probably would appreciate more during the summer
too quick for my liking
so perhaps the "final review" will be a bit more positive
not only did it perform sooooo much better on my skin
i got more product for less than half the price
find the cream a little too heavy for me
it takes a little getting used to so as not to get too much cream out of the dispenser
when you push down on the top way too much product comes out
so you're going to run out of it much faster then you should if an appropriate amount was dispensed
----definitely better products on the market not quite as expensive that's ---natural
i've not seen much change
needs me feeling like i need more moisture around the eye area
i will probably use a less expensive product that works just as well
so many better serums on the market so don't waste your money on this one
t could be worse
a little goes a long way
it's much better on my skin
a little goes a long way.
i no longer see much of a difference in my skin when using this product
for $65 i have liked other products much more
feels like putting on baby oil which seems to work better than this serum
my skin looked even flakier than before i applied it
i tried using very little
i think for the price point there are better
think something half the price will work just as well
so far i see no improvement in my skin after 1 month use
that i have never had a cleanser get my face cleaner than this does
it would be better on my boyfriend
when i used it as normal it stung my eyes so badly even though it didn't get in my eyes
there are a lot of better options for a lot cheaper out there
the smell is just too much for my nose
i find that the fragrance is way too much
initially i had a really hard time with the heavy scent
not using it my face hasn't broke out as much
a little goes a long way
a little goes a long way, don't use too much.
i feel like i might as well pay the extra money
i liked the other moisture product that fights aging however it was more expensive
so far i like it
maybe for someone younger
she mentioned the pricey tag on this isnt too bad considering it would last me about 5 months
a little product goes a very very long way
after that it started getting more
i just think the more i used it
do a much better job than what this product claims to do
it does sting a little at first couple of applications as well as on my new acne
i think the age spot gel works a little better from this line
possibly a bit brighter skin.
this product actually seems to irritate my skin more than it helps it
i still found my face to be more oily during the day
i did experience a few more break outs than normal
it might work for some
my skin is a little break-out prone
maybe i need to use it longer.
i didnt find much of a difference
rather bring them to the surface where they stay
you don't get much product for the cost
although i'll admit i applied it probably thicker than i should have/needed to
work much better than this
tends to cause more damage than anything
a product that can shrink them sounded too good to be true
there are plenty of other products that work much better
my pores don't feel tighter or smaller.
i find that much more effective
better that the packaging was a bummer than the product
maybe my expectations were too high
if you need real help for congested skin
i returned it because for $45 i could use something more effective for my skin type
:/ this is so expensive that i had to return it.
the dispenser drops too much product as well.
so far i couldn't see any improvement or changes
they should've worked out some of the kinks a little more with the packaging
it seems to maybe do a little bit
it also kind of makes me break out a little
so maybe that is why i still have the dark circles
at this point it's easier
take a little bit off that way
the pump should really be better quality
it long enough to find out
a little softer in the morning after a good night's rest
hopefully more effective than this product
you would think that if the sample that is the regular face lift is good that the higher potency would be better
as i'm assuming retinol is just too strong for my skin
i'd rather use my fab ultra cream rather than spend $100 for this
even if i would've looked 10 years younger it would not be worth that smell for me
perricone has more rewarding products out there
if i use it more often than that
perhaps this would work better if.
but i do not see much of a difference overall.
maybe would be better in the summer
t is still a good product mostly depending on which skin type you have
which you can find in other products for much less
i expected much more
i would give it two stars just based on the fact that it really moisturizer my skin so perhaps it would be better with more drier skin types
i'll give it one more try
applied a bb cream to look a little better
the only reason why i chose 3 stars instead of 5 is because the smell is slightly overpowering
not so much for me
thus does the opposite of what i wanted: makes my skin rough
it made my face breakout as well.
i suppose it was just too heavy for my skin type--i even used the one in the pump
i couldn't even use this more than once to see if it gave any noticeable results because the extremely strong perfume smell was too offputting
i can feel it lingering on the top of my skin even though i rubbed it in quite well
the sting under my eye is too much.
it actually leaves my skin feeling a little rough
however the scent was just too strong for my taste
it actually made my skin really bumpy
this product has so much scent in it that it bothered my eyes
i would expect a better
there are better ones for this price
figure if it works well
had a way of lingering for quite some time
how something could be so expensive
i i've tried better products for less than this
i would think that something that cost so much would at least have a better smell
there are definitely better ones
i guess skin quality is more important than smell
i didn't notice results any better than other high-end serums i have used
it does last pretty long
i really wanted to give this a higher rating since my skin looks
even with all the good in it
no matter how many times i washed my h
even worse on the face
making me a little both blotchier
for lack of a better word
i like the even better serum a lot more
it was far too thick
gave too much of a shine to my already oil-prone skin
most days it goes on just fine
i like it because it goes with the even better line
it's just a little too heavy for me
i got this thinking it would double the product for the buck as it is less expensive then the "serum'
even then it becomes too greasy during the day
way too expensive for just a moisturizer.
it doesn't do more than that
no luck so far
after using this product more than a year i did see any different
seems more like a luxury item to me.
the texture of the skin is exactly the same too.
t's not even like this product helped with moisturiibg or smoothing
huge disappointment for a product that costs so much
glad i tried this as a sample rather than splurging for it
i would recommend this if anyone has more oilier skin
if you are a lancome fan you are far better off buying the rénergie lift multi-action eye
it was too far gone
too much money for zero results.
however it is too slick for use as a day cream.
much better as a nighttime eye cream.
as far as dark circles
i also work on the night shift so recently over the past year i feel that my dark circles have gotten worse
haven't seen much change at all
it might prevent from getting more wrinkles
have not seen much of a difference in my dark circles
so far i really haven't seen an improvement
a little goes a long way so this will last a very long time
my eyes actually started to look worse.
saw same results with much cheaper eye creams.
i like a richer cream which this is not.
also pricey but it worked better for me.
such as my dark circles visibly getting a little lighter
i found it to be a little too oily for me
my skin felt a little tight after
you'd probably like something a bit stronger
with makeup more is needed to make sure eye makeup has come off
it seem to have an older scent.
maybe this is just too basic for me?
definitely better products out there with better long term skin benefits
as far as eye creams go
since i still have alot left to go
no more for me!
'm giving it a bit more time
that one seems to have better reviews
although it did smooth out my fine lines my bags seemed bigger
this product might be better for puffiness though
it actually made the circles under my eyes look worse
this dried out the skin around my eyes even more than they were- so frankly couldn't tell if it helped circles as all i could see was dry
mostly it just feels soothing.
sometimes it tingles a little too much, too.
it became just too heavy
well it's rich but too much from my perspective.
it broke me out worse than my acne has been in a while
so my this product made my skin worse over time
this is a very heavy cream that was just too much for my skin
this broke me out so much
my even bigger gripe is that this stuff smells
starting to get more dry as i've gotten older
which i'm still using to this day- a definite plus because of how long-lasting it is
my skin felt no different than it does after using a st
not a lot of results i took a better look at the packaging
this is much more of a lotion than a cream.
maybe it takes more than a week to see results?
you would expect a thicker product
maybe even something like an oil
it seemed to have upset my skin even more
so far it hasn't helped much
still made me break out nonetheless
not too much money wasted
it actually made the color a little worse
even if i only use a little bit
it may be better for someone with more redness.
it burned a little as well when i put it on my face
did not clear up redness even a little bit
they still look a little red even after using this product
it doesn't have long lasting effects like i was hoping for
i do think i see a little less redness
it does help somewhat
see if it takes longer
perhaps it is just my skin reacting to something in the product
feel younger/smoother etc
i expected a lot more
that it is good at making skin appear brighter
in fact it has become more dry as well.
shouldn't this have a little 'heat' to it?
the price is too much for not doing any more than it did
so far i haven't seen much difference in my skin.
i am new to retinol so maybe i just need more adjustment time
so this price point seemed like a better place to start than options at double the price
maybe i've expected too much after seeing all good reviews
i liked the transparency of knowing how much retinol was in the product
so far i am only feeling a slight bit smoother
so far haven't seen much of a difference probably need more time
will give it more time
especially because it's probably the most i've spent on a skin product
not so much on my face
this was far beyond a huge miss
i discovered this cleansing oil was too much for me
t is a bit too much for my face to h
just a bit more moisture would be great.
my face broke out more horribly than usual
much quicker than i feel it should for a lotion of this price
also did not so much for pore size.
it was due to the alcohol so spending this much i expected more results with wrinkle reduction
i think i will stick with the option that keeps my wallet fatter
it does reduce it a bit
paired with a primer versus a foundation also seems to work much better on my type of skin
a little bit goes a long way
love him no less after using this product
much smaller than i thought
i know this is for more mature skin
a little goes a long way
for me there are other moisturizers that do just as good a job or better
for a lot less money
nothing more than that
i felt it didn't deliver anything more than products costing considerably less
i doubt using it longer would have made a difference
if i'm paying a little extra for a moisturizer
i need something heavier than hope in a jar
i wanted to like this product because it's cheaper
did not take off my too faced better than sex mascara at all
a little bit too oily for me.
perhaps this is a good choice
nothing too serious though
i would give it more stars if it were easier on the eyes
i experienced so much more redness
i still notice breakouts only now in different areas as well
perhaps this would work better on someone with much more sensitive skin than mine
not nearly as much as it should for its price
this didn't work any better than something from a drugstore for me
my skin hasn't gotten better
i feel as though my skin stays in better control using other products during bad breakouts
so at least it didn't get worse
though it was too heavy for summer
after reading the reviews i thought maybe i could find something less costly that would work
maybe it takes time.
i hate the bottle so much
i think my skin color looks a little better
my forehead lines seem to be slightly better
i just felt that for the price it should have had more pro's than cons
absorbs really quickly with little to no scent
it isn't very little for the price.
it barely works now
my face is already getting better
i prefer a much richer feel to moisturizer
the packaging is a little frustrating
this would be good for brightening your face up after a night of little sleep or too much drinking
im starting to wonder if cosmetics is doing more dmg than good
does not brighten much either.
like it so much more
this item is mediocre as it isn't long lasting.
not powerful enough for the rest of us though.
there are better products out there if you just look around
i still expected a little more from this product
have been crying a lot more
they certainly do not refresh more than a splash of water would
just hope to get better results
other than the nice cooling affect there's really not much
i really expensive and does nothing.
maybe i don't have the right skin for it to be most effective?
might be just that i need a stronger solution.
because not much product comes out
it takes me more than two pumps
to smell it a moment longer
this *serum* is more like a cream in a pump
i just expected more from dior.
you get more product
this was way too thick for me
while my eye area looks like it has not gotten worse this product is not inspiring enough for me to keep buying it
i expected so much more for this price
which i got not too long ago
t makes it look worse under makeup
may be returning it for something more worthwhile
i find that a little of this cream goes a long way
so maybe i'll see more of an effect after a little more time
a little pricey for what you get.
i think it works just as well as other
so far, this product was a waste of money.
light so this may be a good pick for others
feel the price is a little high
i think that the problems got worse
maybe better on a younger woman.
there is very little smell to it
if this serum were cheaper i wouldn't feel so bad about it not working
though i might as well try it
maybe this is meant for more mature skin
fragrance is not too far behind it
i believe it will do more damage than good over time
doesn't do a whole lot more
although i'll give it a bit more time
unfortunately i had to return it because the cost was just too much to throw away
it will last a long time since you don't need much to get a good foam going
so far, at least.
for as long as you use it
use a little on your face
it actually made the fine lines by my mouth show more which also happened with a perricone moisturizer as well
i definitely expected more
i could care less if this works
maybe for younger skin it might be better.
maybe this formula changed
i work very hard for my money so spending almost a hundred dollars on this product must mean i need some serious help for my under eye dilemma
i guess my skin is more important than the smell
so far so good
it also had a smell that was too intense
i will say i'm currently using a different perricone product that i'm much happier with
even though many women think this works good
the worst part is paying so much money for a product that smells terrible
considering the price, i was expecting much more
this night cream does help make your other night cream work better
my eyes do look better
i am slightly used to the smell
it goes on well
i could only tolerate this product for a little over a week
it was too much i had to return.
then i'm sure more people would be happier
i found it much too greasy to be a makeup base
had to return it :/ as much as i tried to make the product work
it's been about two weeks since i started using it not so naf so far
it is just entirely too heavy for me
however, i found this product to be so so greasy.
doesnt get crazy no more
it goes well under my makeup.
too heavy for me, but the hubs loved it!
just got more expensive
in just one 2 uses my skin looked better again
this made it so much worse
this was definitely a heavier day cream than i am used to wearing
haven't been out much
the cons are that you have to use a lot more than usual moisturizers
was hoping it would help more than it did
spending so much money on a moisturizer
overall it did little for me
every day after that its gotten worse
there's much better moisturizers out there
if it were cheaper i'd probably keep it because it's decent
that the acne got worse ever
hopefully, you will have better luck than i had.
without spending too much money
i will say the oil is less than without the product so there are some good qualities about the item
my imagination of this product was way better than it's reality
it also felt unsatisfying to wash with it because it was just too gentle
little did go a long way
didn't make my skin worse or better just made me feel a little uncomfortable
hopefully this will work better for others.
it did seem to help a little bit with my acne
my skin isn't that bad but it could be better.
i've never enjoyed using a cleanser as much as i did this one
but it made my acne even worse than it was.
it got worse--worse than it's been in a long time
decided i wanted something more gentler
it also made my mild acne worse rather than better
even made it worse
sometimes only once because i'm scared of using it all too quickly
it has done nothing for my scaring
it made me break out more
i miss it so much
also, the new pump puts out way too much product.
perhaps it is still effective on scars
does not do much more than that
i could have gotten a much cheaper moisturizer to do the same
i still get the usual breakout.
just feeling a little greasy
i've had this product for a little less than a month
it goes on very smooth and i only use one pump.
i wanted to try something less expensive than going to a dermatologist first as my scars are not horrible
might be better with for dryer skin types.
then tried looking up different ways for the product to work better
there items that do just as well if not better for a fraction of the price
i wanted to like this mask so much
my skin did feel slightly smoother
i think you could find a better mask for less
i expected so much more from this product.
yet there are so manyyyyy for less price i prefer keep doing my research
it only made me break out more
my sister's tried it too
when i pulled it off it didn't hurt much similar to other products as well
there are cheaper masks/strips that work better.
the hype about it made it seem so much better
i would much rather use a pore strip because it is way more effective
even then it barely works
makes your skin slightly smoother after that's about it
my skin looks worse than it did before i used it.
won't get as many uses as i did from the two little sample packs i got
because it didn't do anything dramatically great i probably won't buy it again because there are plenty of cheaper options
conclusion: did more damage than repair.
expensive for what it actually does
my eyes still stung a bit for a good hour
it requires a lot of product to even get it on right
it barely takes out anything
there are much better black head removing products out there
no matter how much you put on
i think this would work much better as a dry spot helper rather than all over face
i found this to be way too heavy for me
a little goes a long way
i like the sheer transformation moisturizer much better
still working out how to use it on my face as it makes my makeup look a little too dewy
i prefer a much lighter day cream
i do like this product however its a little bit heavy for the summer months
i did have a little reaction to it
i'd rather go back to origins with higher spf
i will try to use even less
i didn't notice a difference at all in the look of my skin as far as scars
it actually made my skin look worse.
maybe it takes more than two weeks to see any results
so only a year older than my real age at this point lol
i think it has helped somewhat.
my line does seem slightly less deep
now my face is no longer red
plenty of products half the price that work just as well
my skin wasn't any worse
it wasn't any better
i just found it way too greasy
too thick, did not go on smoothly.
i am much happier
so overall not a bad value
sadly has done nothing for the dark circles
using this i get the impression that it would be more beneficial to an older woman
it might work well
i cannot tell any difference in the murad cream than in other much less expensive creams
almost too much moisture
too much money for very little effect.
there was so much residue left
so many other cream cleansers do the job much better
t should work better
the thinking that goes behind making a fragrance stronger for a sensitive skin product than the original all-skin type product
gotten more hydration with other br
just too expensive for my budget.
i spent so much money for this to not work.
maybe it was clogging my pores too much.
i think this might work well for normal or combination skin
so this cream was too harsh for it
for the price i expected this to be much more hydrating
now i have far more redness
i would only wear this at night because it is quite intense
it seemed to be added rather than coming from ingredients
$50 is a lot for this product --
it is probably great for people that have normal skin
is does little things to fine lines
have not seen much of a difference compared to cheaper br
also, it is a little too expensive.
this is the best cream i have used so far however i still have some dryness when using it
it's way too expensive for how much you get anyway
i think there are better
now that i'm 30, it feels too basic.
maybe if i use all three in this system it'll work better than my previous methods"
this cream is a bit on the harder side
there is still quite a bit of makeup that comes off on the cotton ball
it stung so bad
maybe i was using too much
maybe using the "extra" every other day
have not seen much of a difference
i felt like for something this basic feeling i could have paid much less
a little goes along way.
it did however make my makeup go on smoother
a little goes a long way
during the winter though i have more combination- normal skin
the smell can be a little too much
a little goes a long way
it goes on so smooth
it's a little too much sometimes i'd recommend only using a little at a time because sometimes it makes my skin look too dewy
hasn't broken me out this far
maybe it would be better for someone with skin that is not as annoying as mine
even with hardly any
however i would say for the price there are better moisturizers you can find at a better price point
would be better if it had a dropper
i would prefer it to be both thicker
while i would say it's better than josie maran's face oil i would prefer clarins' face oil to both
i waited too long
there are many other much better options.
there might be a bit more of a dewy look to my face
it makes my eyes water so much
i put on a little bit too
no less, no more.
for the price i expect a lot more than just hydration
applying makeup over it makes it worse.
my foundation and powder looks better over it.
i just believe there are better eye creams in this price range
still not for as long as i would like though
if you put on too much it leaves a white film
so far so good
the worse it got
in a way cheaper for
it did make my face look smoother
i did look smoother, this product does its job.
there are better products out there!
almost too good to be true
because this product works way too well to give up that easy
poor product for how much it is.
there are cheaper alternatives at the drugstore that are much more effective than the over priced stuff this br
it is pricey and hard to work with!
there's a very fine line between putting too much of this product on your face
like a smile made it worse
maybe because i'm still fairly young
don't have much damage or wrinkles yet
the white film residue is just way too much
i just thought maybe all those people were using it with a heavy h
no matter how little you put on there is going to be some level of white
because perhaps that's already doing as much as can be done
a little goes a long way.
i feel i need more than one pump for face
i don't need as much of it
it technically works for me i just prefer something that absorbs better
the first few times i used it it went well my skin was definitely softer
it actually got worse
or much smoother the way some others have
one good thing is that its more reasonably priced than other br
i'd like something more than average
i tried to just press it into my skin using a very little amount
at first i thought maybe i was putting on too much
i would go as far as saying that it had a detrimental impact on the quality of my skin
this might be great for someone with more time
it does tend to "ball up" if you rub it in too well
which tends to be a little more time consuming than i care to deal with
need more time to see results, i think.
much more so than other sunscreens
i'll finish it since it was so expensive
as far as results
i’ve tried it so many different ways
it made the area underneath my eyes puffier than they have ever been in my life
i think there are probably better ones out there
i would like to rate it better
to see if it looked better than the other
waste of money so far.
i like the price but wish i had better results!
dark circles even though i'm young
because i can get something better at the drugstore
i would say my eyes look about 40 % better
this product gave me even more under eye lines
every little bit helps
my expectations might have been a little too high as i expected to see instant results
was hoping for more.
not as much as i was hoping
that helped de-puff a little more
messy if even turns into little lumps i rather pay more for something i knoe will work
makes the eye area look much brighter
the 3 balls massage the skin much better than one ball would
it has a rather thicker consistency
i found it just a little bit hard to spread on my face
the scent much too strong
i like the original one without the lotion in it i think it worked a lot better
it feels more heavier on my face
will have something better that i can spend my money on
it sits on your skin rather than getting absorbed
as the effects of age are so much more powerful than any product i know about
made any tiny wrinkles i had so much worse
as much as i wanted to love this product
i find it much quicker
you're better to buy something with retinol in it
it works much better.
either too much comes out, or nothing.
it was still a headache getting all of the product
a little goes a long way
why this expensive eye cream can not have a better quality of the bottle
i like the way this goes on very smoothly
no matter how much
pretty much just a really expensive eye moisturizer
it really should smell better than this
too much comes out
this became increasingly more frustrating with each passing day until i eventually returned it
a little does go a long way.
after i apply it my skin actually feels tighter
it didn't really perform better than other eye creams i've used
there was so much product left
the $30 eye cream i usually buy is so much better
for the price i didn't think it preformed much better than cheaper product
i also found it a little irritating that at the end
my eye area does look better
my stubborn dark circles did not slightly change
no better than the stuff i get for $15 at the natural health food store
i would expect much better
this might be good for some skins
is way too heavy for mine
i want to like this cream so much
a little goes a long way
so far, i'm not seeing any huge difference.
after i give it a little while
however i found the day cream to be really heavy
it is so thick that i could hardly spread it on my face
maybe i just expected more?
this is a very expensive product which really didn't do much for me
pros: a little of this lightweight cream goes a long way
which is too bad
too pricey to not deliver.
there are better eye products out there.
way too quickly than i would like
definitely too expensive for the result
there is actually a smaller inner core with very little product
i would expect something better than that
so can a lot of other products
the fragrance however is much too strong
this really is more suited to to normal to combination complexion
lately in this long
try the blue one much better
a little bit goes a long way.
at this price point i would expect a product to either have very little alcohol or none at all
if you are somewhat between 20-25 like me
it also has a faint scent which i like very much.
the older i get the more i think i need more head-on anti-aging ingredients than these kind of products have
i think this actually made my pores bigger.
it could have been caused by this product being too greasy
i still have more to go.
if something promises pores will seem smaller
i broke out a bit worse than usual
here's what is good about it: it might work a little bit
you might see more benefit from this product
that this was too much
smooth an my skin appears to be a little more healthy
maybe my pores are too big to even be made to look smaller
even in the description it says it makes "pores seem smaller
maybe my pores got just a tad bit smaller
my pores seemed bigger
my skin has become softer which is why i gave it 3 stars
i would say that they are only about 20-30% smaller
have stuck with it more or less because i spent $30 on it
maybe a little bit more then a month
they where still to big
maybe prolonged use will improve those areas too
maybe this was too little product/not enough time for me to see results
maybe my pores were a little less noticeable or maybe it was just wishful thinking
they also should make this product smell better.
my skin looked a little better
my skin felt better
this has done nothing
cause wrinkles where i had none in way less time than they should be appearing
maybe i needed to use it longer.
was curious if i'd have more "lift
figuring i'd give it a good long trial period
t's much too expensive to continue using if all it does is make skin softer
even though you just use a little at a time
one ounce doesn't go too far when you have a whole face
chin since a little goes a long way
i would've been much happier if the product did nothing
save your money there are many products that work better
don't cost this much
after 15 days my skin does not appear any better than it did before i started using it
for the price, i would've expected more.
i get much better results from lancome serums.
this is by far
i actually think it's worse now
my much less expensive cream makes my skin look better
the one getting nothing at all
way softer than normal
i returned the product for something much more hydrating
which moisturizer would be better for me to use?
just overall i think there are better options out there
more like applying really expensive water to your face
i gave it one more try.
my skin has never been worse.
the scent was stronger than my normal go-to moisturizer
it'd be even better
they have a new one out that sounds better
the consistency is more greasy
although maybe if i was older
was better than this
plenty of similar products out there for much less
after a few days of using it i did notice a difference in my eyes they were no longer tired looking which i have a huge problem with even though i do get enough sleep i have just always had problems with my tired eyes
there are other products that do more than this
if anything the color was a little darker :(.
the pros: a little goes a long way
i won't be repurchasing because this is way too expensive for just a moisturizer
i feel like i've been seeing more lines develop than before-
you only need very little
t lasts pretty long
it may have helped just very slightly with puffiness
i've always struggled with dark circles
your money would be much better spent elsewhere
so far so good
the worse it got
perhaps if used with other products it would work better- not sure about the residue though
unfortunately using it is a bit of a hassle
don't use it as much as i had hoped
this my be better for more advanced skin that needs more tightening
sure enough they were more prominent
it works better if i don't use make up over it.
it seems to make it worse
two stars because it actually does tighten
t started to pull on my eye area too much
i think it could work great for those with more of a problem around the eye
the results were better
when i returned it of course something more expensive was recommended
i tried using just a little , i tired using alot.
if you get the slightest bit too much it turns white
it also seemed to make my wrinkles look worse.
if any conditions above apply you can pretty much say goodbye to any noticeable effects
a little bit of the product goes a long way
then started to enhance my flaws rather than hide them
it sort of seems more along the lines of a primer
while this product did help my makeup to go on more smoothly
it probably has very little to do with it actually
though it does smooth them over
it even feels smoother
however i think too faced primed
it went on so much smoother
i still prefer this to one to many others
although you have to add quite a bit of water to it in order for it to spread
the cleanser is a little bit off for me
it was much lighter
how much you have to use
the method suggested for application of this product pulls my skin too much
find it sticks to my hands more than face.
much more than i need of the other cleansing oils i've tried
have enjoyed other oils much more both for the ability to use it
a bit expensive though for my tastes.
however no matter how much i massaged it never got easier to massage
because if you don't get enough water then it gets even stickier
then if you use too much water
because i hate it so much.
removing it is even worse
i tried adding a little water
no matter how little or lot i put on
this was too much
a little bit goes a long way
actually it is too sheer for me.
i really prefer a thicker
it is a little too strong for my liking
this might work better for you
probably it's better for the winter
juts to make my life more complicated
soaks into the skin without too much of a film
i find this stuff to be a little heavy.
it doesn't even things out too much
actually made my skin more dull after a week
my skin got better
it was far too expensive for how long it lasted
i think i will buy something that might be a little more expensive next time
still i never had this much pimples so often
there are too many negatives
i agree that the smell is a ltitle too much for the face
smelled better than any other lotion i've ever used
it might even sell more than it already does
is possibly even less effective than drugstore br
the scent is too much
a little does go a long way
i rarely ever break out
this has helped a little
and a little bit goes a long way.
that problem kinda heal little by little
my under eyes have not changed one bit
can buy a better eye cream
if anything my eyes look even more darker
it looks like my fine lines have gotten worse
end up taking it off because it bothers me so much
it did not absorb very well
skin felt a bit tighter after application
the good news is that a little goes a long way with this product
haven't even appeared lighter one bit
there has been no difference what so ever
it's very thick and a little goes a long way.
i need a much heavier moisturizer
for my only skin i could only use it at night since it it a bit heavier
it must have been doing something because sometimes it stung a little like some treatments do
could it be that my wrinkles are actually deeper after using this product?
will definitely be more cautious now.
i think it might have made some skin tags worse though
can feel it a little bit
for so much money
i found this product just too expensive for little results
have even tried the clinique "even better eyes" to no avail
maybe i put on too much product
i can say a little goes a long way
i would say there wasn't much of a difference with dark circles in the long run after 4 months of use
the age arrest eye cream is better than this one.
i think my dark circles are worse
i think for the price it should be better
the pump always dispensed too much product
hoping it'll work better
i've also always had dark circles too
it did not absorb very well
i found it no better than any other eye cream
felt a little taken for a ride on this one
there are far better products out there for less than half the money
circles were darker as well.
most of them don't make too much of a difference
for that price i thought i was getting something better
also to prevent some fine lines from getting worse
you can buy a much cheaper product that does the job
too bad since it was a good deal.
i'd rather use a product that can do more than just one thing for the eye area
just fine for the money but not very effective.
le some mild discomfort if i think i look better
while it still irritated my undereyes a bit
it seems to work better with it
so you end up getting too much
used too much in my opinion to do so
it would hurt my face so much when i used it
my blackheads are a little worse for using it
i'd just rather spend the money on makeup
which seems to work as well
even though it's a bit messier
i'd just rather spend the money on makeup
work better on my skin
tube, there just isn't that much product in it.
looking at the ounces there is not much here for your money
it foamed up way too much
nor do i think my skin is more energized
after picture because ironically my before picture looks better
it didn't make me break out which is good because my face reacts poorly to some products
which i can tolerate as long as the product is good enough
what little you do use
or in any way better than it did before
just makes it worse
i really wanted to like this product because it's so much cheaper than what i usually use
i just find it takes longer to completely spread the product around my eye area
really wanted to like it as much as his other products
as far as wrinkles, fine lines, etc.
go - not so much.
perhaps this is too strong to use in addition
since i haven't found too many that do
most of their products i tried so far have worked for me
unfortunately, this one, not so much.
it stung my eyes rather badly
anyways i noticed if i put it a little too close
it's far pricier than my beloved clarins
so as much as i was all set to buy this
this was just too heavy
particularly the three little wonders
if i used it straight i felt it was too heavy
a little bit goes a long way.
this seems like it could work for some
they must have changed the formula because the texture is more like a balm than a cream
helped my undereye concealor go on much smoother
so, a little goes a long way.
others not so much
not sure i look much younger
it is probably just as good as the higher cost eye creams at sephora
those little lines around my eyes
it didn't hydrate nearly as well or as long as i would have liked
almost showed more lines than normally i can see
"way too rough for me
this is almost too far the other way
it was a little too much for my skin
it just removed too many needed oils
i actually find it more drying than i had anticipated based on the description
i do like how it has little smell.
plus don't see obvious results compared to cheaper ones
i found a $13 eye cream that i like much better
if gives me better results
it's so much cheaper than paying $65
i started to have little bumps under my eyes
is still there a little
it had more negatives than positives
need something a bit richer
probably also because i had already been using good eye creams
it seems to work better on some days than others.
i found that i needed a bit more to actually have any affect
this creme was a bit too harsh for me
dark circles i find a cold pack for 5 minutes in the morning is much more effective
not very much needed, which is good.
has not caused bumps i have gotten from other products which are too rich
i tried using very little thinking maybe i applied to much
this moisturizer is no better than any other low-end product i've tried
if anything it only dried my skin out more
shinyeye cream i loved much better
after 5 days of use my skin looked worse than ever
as a matter of fact i feel like they got bigger since i've been using it
there is not much product in it
rather than help my acne
likely the worse $75 i've ever spent.
not as much as i would like
my skin generally looks brighter
i've used this for 6 months with very little change to the spot
i do like this better than clinque.
way to expensive to do sooo little!
they seem to be darker in some areas
it was decent as far as oil-based cleansers go
though i like thinner ones a bit better
there are far better cleansers than this.
you have to keep going back to the container to get more because spreading a balm over your makeup is as difficult as it sounds
i may have had a better experience using less balm
i would have loved it had it lathered more
as part of a two-step it is far too heavy
would love to try this product more.
the effort in using this was just too much work
maybe if it was more affordable...?
i just think for the money this should work a lot better
very over priced for something that does nothing for the skin
this might work better with different skin types though
maybe it will make your skin look better in 10 days
couldn't believe how much makeup was left behind
so there wasn't much benefit compared to others in mid
hope to see better results
found it too strong for my face
i like that one better
maybe some kind of difference will show up after longer use combined with other algenist products-
try something else so far
so perhaps it will just take a little adjusting to
which has gotten better as i've stopped using this
began to get little bumps all over
my face just continued to look worse
i've tried much cheaper brands that work better.
i like that one very much
paid more than i would normally pay for a moisturizer
found it to be a little heavy
it seemed to even out skin tone
a bit more moisturizer than i need
is a little pricey when i can buy a great moisturizer from other br
something in this product just did not react well with my skin even with the adjustment period for skin turn-over
it got worse the more my temperature rises
it actually feels heavy when i put it on
the firming cream is much better.
it was just too hard to get my skin back to normal after using this
just a little too much so
does not feel greasy however it is a heavier cream
i feel like it does more harm than good.
it is more of a light moistrizer.
i realize my face isn't used to so much frangrance
on the plus side i no longer breakout
wanted to try more of the line
this might have been a good product
the store associate promised that this was so much better
this was way too rich for my skin that it don't absorb well
which probably means it is too much for my combination oily skin
also, it makes me break out a little bit.
probably moisture surge is a better choice
went with clinique since they have traditionally been good to me
the hype of this product is a little much
'm slowly coming to the conclusion that night cream in general is just too rich for my skin
i probably need something a little lighter
there is much better out there in the micellar market
this made me break out quite heavily
the smell is little iffy.. so i'm returning.
when i need more i'll
you need to use too much of this product to take off your eye makeup
it took too much effort
plus rubbing that area so much is not so pleasant
how so many people are saying this removes their eye makeup so well
are better products out there.
there are plenty of better options to clean your face than this
there are better products out there
there are, however, two things i like about this.
not so much with the puffiness
this eye cream is definitely on the heavier
a little went a long way.
it did not absorb quickly and felt quite heavy.
has a better feel overall
it may do better as a very natural looking highlight than as an eye cream
i feel it should be helping alot better than it does for that issue
i really expected more when it came to this product
this is way too harsh.
a little goes a long way with this product.
does not need too much amount.
my skin is usually relatively clear with just a spot or two here
i gave it two stars because it did remove my mascara pretty well without having to rub too much
a little went a long way
as far as feeling goes
i used this for a while now given that the little bottle lasts quite a while
it felt like they would take longer to heal since it became so flakey
it also hasn't helped get rid of spot pimples very well either
when i first bought this product i thought it would be very helpful because it was more on the expensive side of things
when you first put it on it stings a little which seems like a good sign
i expected a little more oomph from this product considering it's $18
you know what does work better than this?
had bad hormonal breakouts it did help a little however after reading reviews i was expecting something better
it's better than a lot of other products that claim to have salicylic acid in them
rather than making it worse
my cheap tea tree oil works far better than this
a lot of money for so little a bottle.
if you squeeze too hard
too much product comes out
treatment is much better
the originis starting over is just too heavy on my skin type this time of year
for the price, i can find better.
it was just too much for my skin type
plus i'm getting a little older
i like others better
it's too expensive for me to try buying again
just wish it had been more beneficial
this was much lighter than i expected for a night cream
" i'm usually more likely to buy it
it may be good for some
i just have to use a bit more than some other creams
very artificial smell, dislike it so much .
it does help just a tiny little bit to my little bumps underneath my eyes
i've given this so much try
everything feels much greater now
it may have even contri
i didn't think much of it since i was also getting over a cold
it just kept getting worse
hadn't experience breakouts in a long time
i would go so far as to say it actually dried my skin out more
although this takes off all my makeup it dries up my skin far too much
i've never had breakouts so badly.
balances because i thought it would be better
i am finding my skin breaking out more than ever
it brightened it up quite a bit too
the less my skin was liking it
as much as i wanted this to work
if you use too much it can be pretty drying
like it much better
i don't like the slightly irritation i feel for the first few minutes i put this on though
it feels a little irritating
although this mask does help somewhat smooth out my face skin after use
it does seem like it works as my skin always feels a little better after using it
both worked better than this one
i would have stayed matte longer
the price isn't bad at all for how much product you get
it was a little to harsh for my skin
did help a little bit
it might have actually made my blackheads worse!
i've used too much to be able to do that
broke out my skin a whole lot more.
yes i know there are much more expensive masks
i felt like this product made my skin breakout even more
it actually made the mask a little better when using it
my dark circles got worse from using this
it actually made my under eyes even more dry than before
my undereye is not worse than the past
a little bit seems to go a long way for the price
this product made them worse
as much as i wanted to like it
maybe this one will be enough on a normal younger skin
if anything it made my skin worse
it did little to help clear pores.
sometimes i break out a little
the smell was too much for me
then just a few hours after using it my skin felt even more oily than it usually is
much worse than it had been to begin with.
a little goes a long way.
it did well as far as cleaning goes
still liked it though!
it made my skin much oilier
this seemed to make my face not only produce more oil
produce more oil much quicker
it has reduced some but not a lot.
so that may be better
it gets patchy sometimes.
no more origins for me for sure
maybe the others will work better for me
actually dried me out a little
this one is much worse than overnight version.
found that this product didn't really hydrate my skin any more than usual
i think it is slightly above average
it is a little too greasy for me
use this as a face cream more than a mask
maybe for younger skin it would work!
if i need to limit the amount of how much i use it
wanted something a little lighter when my skin is more normal
my face was looking like an oil slick *sigh* this product would work better for people who have normal skin
it barely helps with the tight feeling i have
if there was more product for the same price i might feel differently
too much menthol can slightly irritate the skin
i need to find something a little more intensive until then
i got even oilier than i was before i started using this moisturizer
it seems that most of you have had some good luck with it
this one was too intense for my skin
seemed like it maybe helped to firm my skin a bit?
i got two generous uses out of the little 0
give me more acne
it made it worse
much better ones out there.
the acne not so much
there's so much in there i'm not even half way finished so you do get a lot of product
regular toothpaste does more for me than this did
i think for the price there are definitely better options out there
it did make me much oilier than i normally am
i think my skin is worse than when i started using it
it's too little product for the prize
i found this to be true when my pores around my nose actually seemed larger
the amount we are given is ridiculous to think it would last more than a month
bit too much of a rip off for me!
i need something a wee bit heavier during the winter
a jar would be better than the pump thing.
i think my complexion looked a little less night
thinking it would get better
it only got worse
just too strong for my face
im tired of paying so much for so little.
at times a little too much
will be returning for a product that does a little more
i should have known better than to deviate away from my normal moisturizer
noticed my fine lines that were setting in are probably about 6-7x worse i'm not even exhadurating
for $20 you could get something much better
found something much much better
i am still searching for an eye cream that seems to be doing anything other than irritating my eyes
there are better eye creams out there in my opinion
i prefer something thicker
i wish it had been better
i either squirt out too much or too little
or making it softer or brighter
however, i no longer perceive the same effects.
i've tried using it just at night to see if it absorbs better
have used better for cheaper.
this was just too much for me
then i tried to put more product because i thought i was putting too little
lately it's just been getting worse
it soothes my skin much more than this
wanted something a bit heavier for winter
this was beyond anything for how heavy it was.
nothing too out of the ordinary
it would be much more convenient in a different container
there is another version of it that is lighter
the fce cream is just too heavy for me.
the pump doesn't work very well as far as steadiness
perhaps i need to give it more of a chance to perform?
do not recommend many better products for same or less money
it just got worse the more i used it
perhaps this is better for very young skin
with so many other great serums out there
now my eyelids look even more crepy.
i could actually see them getting less puffy.
it actually made my eye makeup harder to go on
much more than before i started using the product
my lids looked so much younger.
i figured perricone's co would know better than to put it in any eye product
it was too many things to apply
anything that helps at a much lower cost is ok by me
t will last quite a while good thing as it is pricey
'm waiting still for better results
so far neither of us have noticed any real change in our eyelids
i made me break out more
mine was too much
after 2 uses it was as though i had more pimples than face
i swear my pores become bigger
i could buy something a lot cheaper to just remove makeup
also this product has made me break out more than usual which has never happened to me
it just pretty much cleaned the surface of my skin
i feel like this is more for someone who doesn't have that much problems with their skin
if anything it got a bit worse
this is even cheaper
too expensive for so little return.
i think it's a product better suited to much older women or women with very dry skin
probably too young to see the benefits of this expensive cream
it did show a little plump to my face
so far this cream is just so-so
other than providing a bit of a plumper look
too much money for me!
other creams have done a better job.
expected a little more than just a moisturizer
well, this only made it worse!
my skin under my eyes were better *before* i started using this product
however, as far as results go, i'm still waiting.
it seemed to make matters worse
i also felt as though there was too much pulling
it made it worse
there is just way too much fragrance in this.
i find it a little sticky as well.
the texture of my skin look worse not better
there is only about 1
very little product for the price
pretty much most of their products suit on my skin
so far so good
a little does go a long way
a little goes a long way.
some days it seems my skin is less oilier
it ended up making my face produce even more oil than usual
i would definitely spend that kinda money elsewhere
this product is deffinitly too greassy for my skin
however it does give good results.
this product is awful in so many ways.
it was far too strong for me
you pretty much smell the same after a few hours as you did when you put it on
this one is a little too strong
my skin is not any brighter nor any less dull
you have to use more
this makes it harder to use
the big tub makes so much more sense.
it also made my vision blurry for longer than normal
most importantly, it hurts your eyes.. .a lot.
better try before because this is a huge amount of product
it just takes too long
too much work for everyday use
it did much better job at doing all of those things
i think it would have been better
never felt better after all
unfortunately my pocketbook is more important now than it ever has been
did nothing for long term wrinkles
too expensive for short term results.
my wrinkles have actually become deeper
a little goes a long way so even though the bottle is so small
more expensive version until
for the hype that i was given with this product i expected better results
for the $, i expected better results.
there are way too many product out there to waste time
way too much money for no result.
i bet i have more than 1/2 of the product in the can yet
which seems a little crazy
i wonder how much
as far as this product
no difference what so ever in my skin.
the bigger problem is this: it doesn't work.
i've had better results with less expensive products
this product stinks worse than any of his products i've ever used
no better than any other moisturizer
much more expensive than it should be
this one is just a little too rich for my skin
i did think my skin looked any better from using it
there has to be better stuff out there.
a great moisturizer but i expected more.
i did not notice any change for the better or worse
maybe they get better commissions from this br
i also rated it so low because i feel it causes more damage the good
i wouldn't recommend this there are much better moisturizers out there
i found it a bit too heavy
i like the sheer transformation much better!
with my super dry skin i figured that this one would be even better
which smells much better to me
it was better than an average drugstore buy
i went back to my usual more expensive product
the stink that accompanies it is a bit too much to bear
a little goes a long way
the over all product worked quite well
as far as how it worked.
theres better things suited to headaches
then it can be quite soothing.
little high priced for what you get.
i feel like it just makes it more oily after too
now that i'm more than halfway through the bottle
so far it's been good.
this has nicer packaging, but thats about it...
if this was way cheaper like $10
there are way better products out there *cough* first aid beauty eye am gel *cough*
haven't used it long term consistently to see how it works on wrinkles
eyes so maybe it would be better for someone else
there is very little product in the packaging
is that there is too little product
it was a little cooling
i've tried other eye products that felt better
this was just too strong for my skin.
i figured there would be more product
so far i have yet to find a good cooling eye product anywhere near worth the money
need to keep using a little more
even though i have combination skin
maybe its better for people who are not sensitive skin
it became more clear that i could have used something much better for my under eye skin
for the price i think there are other eye treatments that work better
i'd hoped for better results
my pores actually looked worse
for the price it really should work better
how much money i spent this is insanely frustrating
perhaps i got a bad batch?
ive used the clinique even better skin tone correcting moisturizer for years now with great success
made my acne much worse
my acne is already getting better after 2 days
if anything, it mosturized a bit more?
i expected a lot more out of clinique- especially with the hype about the even better line
it feels a little greasy
no matter how little i used
oily look kept me from using more than those 2 weeks
it is very nice however as someone with oily skin it's too much
however the oil is too heavy for my normal skin
this is better for combo
it doesn't look better
if anything my skin has seen better days.
i've liked other oils that are cheaper just as well
nothing more than okay to me.
i am ok spending so much on good skin care products provided it works even 10%
after spending hundreds of dollars my skin looks worse
maybe it is for more mature skin
i wanted something that makes my skin better overall
there are much better products out there that cost 1/4 the price of this one
even once a week is too much.
unfortunately it was way too harsh on my skin
it does sting a little
it's gotten better since i stopped using this
i did like this more than the luna night oil
i just think you can find better for a more affordable price
i did develop little white bumps all over
being mid 20s i guess there are better products out there for
better for mature skin.
2 weeks should be more than enough to see if a product works especially if you're paying $105 for a bottle
the smell was a little much too tbh.
as others have said though
just better to be safe than sorry!
i might be too young for this product
it's way too slow
getting the smaller size with luna definitely made me less frustrated about gg not working out
made our skin worse than before
for the price there has to be better cleansers out there
it seems to help a little
no better than any other face wash
this didn't improve my skin or make it worse
i expected a lot more for that price.
i like it a lot more
also love the frothy face wash from origins a lot more which is also like under 28 dollars
there are too many turn offs
it's too much here
you'd be better off buying something from the drug store
the more i used it the more i didn't like it
it costs a whole lot more
i still break out often
i've never paid this much for a cleanser in my life
guess i was just expecting a little more
when i rub it in a little too much it begins to flake off my skin
my face didn't feel tighter or softer
it made it produce more oil
not too many break-outs
looks better than it ever has
so maybe they are better
i do not think it is doing anything more than plain light argan oil
even if i used very little
it was more like 7+
massaged for about 10 mins because it was waaaaaay too much
i just prefer something with a fresher scent
if anything it looked a little worse for wear.
apparently the women that tried it have tougher skin that i do
too bad, sephora would have been more convinient.
more in the tube than i thought was possible
though this product worked well as a primer it did not give the long term effects that it promised
if it really only works as a filler/primer then i will continue with smashbox photo finish which provides much more product for the money
while i see a little improvement
i've only been using for 3 weeks so maybe it needs more time
doesn't spread too well on the face
and it makes my face even more oily than before.
if anything it made my skin worse
it only has 1% sacilyc acid in it which isn't strong enough for me
it actually made it worse.
this system would probably work better for teenage skin or someone with very mild acne
often times too much comes out
especially not for how little you get
too much product comes out of this as well because the opening is too large
the opening is too big
too much of it can get wasted
i've spent way too much money trying to solve this dilemma
even then you just push on it a little bit
you would think that for $40 they could package it a little better
it kind of works as a primer too
so why pay more?
i could see that my skin looked newer somehow
you waste too much product if you take advantage of the top's flat surface to rest the tube
not sure it's any better for spot treatment than what you can buy at the drugstore for less money
this product will unfortunately have to be returned because it leaves just too much of an oily
not only has it made the situation worse
it actually made my pimples bigger
stops zits from getting bigger
the lotion made me breakout even more.
i think i need something stronger.
thus product may have been good had i been able to get past the overpowering scent
perhaps too much drying alcohol?
i would like this moisturizer a lot better if it had less fragrance
dried it up more than usual
hopefully it works better
this cream is probably a better choice for someone with normal skin
there isn't too much to absorb, either.
to get a an extra bit of treatment
even though i had a decent night's sleep
the other sephora eye masks that go under eyes are much better
it actually seemed to be irritating while it was on
it might have done well
this mask is a good little mask for some time to relax
now my skin is worse then when i started this
break me out even more
it worked a little bit
it doesn't help it at all or make it go away quicker
theres little effect in me
maybe even more than a month.
while there is a lot of product in the bottle it still is too pricey to be ineffective
it really is more like a medicine or something?
didn't get worse or better just nothing it was as if i was applying nothing on my skin
the only thing that works is my skin a little bit brighter
is still breaking out more than usual
in fact, it made mine worse.
so far my skin actually seems to be doing better without it
i think it would be a highly effective product for someone who has fewer acne problems than i do
the complexion pads are way better
i feel like the product is slightly heavy
the lady squeezed quite a bit out
this will only work while there is a lot of lotion in the bottle as the packaging is tough to squeeze
used too much to return
it gave moisture, but too much.
my foundation has never looked worse.
thinking that this product would work even better with it
for $130, i expected more..all around!
i expected a lot more
or i would have known better
for eh price i expected better results
maybe i'll see more progress after the 2nd tube.
save you money for something more effective
after reading so many reviews about how great this serum was i'm still super disappointed not to mention my skins worse than when i started
a little goes a long way
it makes it so much worse
i should get much more from it than i actually did
i don't find it really hydrates that much more
it haven't given me too much hydrating
my sin becomes a lot drier as i grow older
do better in my opinion as being such
a little or some more
a little goes a long way
possibly because it goes bad quite quickly?
in about 30 minutes it's much nicer
i don't like it as much
skip this--there are better oils out there.
seems a tad greasy at times
this was way too harsh
maybe even made it more pale.
did not even truly fix for more than 12 hours
there are so many good masks out there
i think many other masks are better
my experience probably was not typical
so far i like them all
i like that a bit better
works just as well
in the evening it seems like i could use more
i wear as little makeup as possibly
i felt/ looked even more oily.
it was more than half way gone
so far so good
its a little too heavy.
it hasn't been as cold a winter as usual so far so maybe if it gets colder it will be more beneficial
it's heavier than most creams i've tried
i found myself using way more of this stuff than i did my usual moisturizer
because it is quite pricey for my budget
this to too it off
way too much money for 1
i can think of better sensations to pay for
circles don't look any different though.
more so as i get older
it did help a little with fine lines
i felt like it made my fine lines more obvious
that my money would have been better spent on a different product
i love clinique's even better line
my fine lines so much more visible
more of a cover up make type product than anything
it is a little thicker than i would like
maybe my circles are too dark
with little to no coverage as you work towards the inside of the eye
when itially applied it looks a bit less dark
they actually may be a little better than before
a little goes a long way
30% improvement is already not much to brag about
they've gotten worse from late nights at work
the bottle is huge so there is a lot of product for the money
unfortunately this oil was too heavy for my skin
my old one is a much thicker oil
i don't even get that much acne
it continued to become worse
my skin kept getting worse
it did not improve hyper pigmentation even slightly
it made me more oily then usual
maybe my skin is smoother?
so far i don't see a difference
i invested $85 in this little bottle hoping to see results
it hasn't helped much
since it is pretty expensive i thought it would work well
also, this caused me to break out a little bit.
so far, i haven't noticed any difference.
my skin seems for even in tone
i paid way too much money just to have my complexion ruined for two weeks
i hope that it just takes more time since i spent so much money on this product
skin began to look a little bit better after 1st usage
this product actually made my breakouts worse!
worse idea ever... what a waste ;(
i find that it works better as a mattifier put on sparingly before make up
it works much better if you use it more like a primer than a mask
its a little hard to rub all the way in
i've broken out worse than ever before
it was far too harsh on my skin
so far i haven't been given the results i have been "promised"
i do like this product because my skin is softer now
but it might work for some!
i do not see why it costs more money than average moisturizer
a little goes a long way
they eye cream by this company is much better choice for the money
you probably will notice it more
guess at my age i need something richer than this
although the product did make my face feel more firm
for the price i was expecting lot more.
this is far too drying for everyday use.
so combining these 2 products is too much
always worry i'm getting more on the sides of my fingers than on my face
i see little bumps on my skin
i would give one more chance during summer when my skin is more hydrated
maybe if it were cheaper i could actually buy it
try it for more than a week
it works much better
although this product is on the more expensive side
more over it irritates my eyes
although i haven't experienced that much before
it gave me little bumps
it was also a little irritating
you may want to look for something stronger
maybe i'll like it better in summertime when the air sin't so drying
more often then not
too much eye cream gets squeezed out
also, the texture is a little too "liquidey".
much less recommend to anyone
i'd better keep using their face
not better or worse than other creams
i would have kept it had it been cheaper.
probably the clinique even better eyes dark circle corrector
too much so for me.
and a very little goes a long way.
maybe this takes longer
not in the usual places
i got more oily than usual during the day.
maybe i just need something heavier for the winter
it seems to soak up completely however if i pump a little too much by accident i think it's hard for my skin to absorb it
for this price you might expect a little more added benefit
probably better off if you have normal skin
is nothing too special
i think it would work a lot better for normal to oily skin types
it didn't absorb very well at all.
still needed a little more moisture
i started getting little breakouts on my face
it kept getting worse
i wish it was a bigger size or it was cheaper
it does work well the rest of the year, though.
too bad, i love most of fab's products.
i've found even on my normal skin it's better with a few drops of face oil
my skin just got more red
i think there are better options than this
even with putting a lot of the product on
has caused my skin to break out worse than usual
this was just way too heavy
not knowing how much is left
i know there has to be more product in the jar
very wasteful to much money to throw away
one pump provides too much product for one use
buy some other better moisturizer out there
it's not better than caudalie or clinique when it comes to dark spots
ptr has far better creams than this one
have noticed more results with that than this
as a booster it was suppose to help with overall even tone
even the unwrinkle line seems different
it is too expensive to not be able to use it all.
have not seen my skin break out so much in years
my face actually looks better using nothing at all
i think that may be the only thing that makes me pores look slightly smaller
i would almost rather have the huge congested pores
there's so many better options out there.
it just hurt so so much that i had to wash it off
especially when there are better products that won't hurt you at all
so much debris was in the sample that it couldn't even cover my whole face
the price is too high for what you get.
if it was cheaper, maybe.
you could probably find a good exfoliater for a better price
but other than that, it's pretty much it.
maybe mostly the same ingredients
so much that the opening was clogged with pieces
every time i went to use it the edges were harder
especially with this price i expect more.
still have a lot left
it didnt do much for me.
i would much rather invest in a good eye cream.
a little goes a long way, literally.
a little seems to go a long way
unfortunately there are no models on the video with as much under eye puffiness as i have
es way too much product
too much thought has to go on to use
this isn't one of lancome's better products.
a little goes a long way
this pricey little item did nothing to improve my skin texture
also made it worse
now that i'm older they are getting worse
puts on way too much
you have to rub it in which takes more time than it should
so far ok overall, nothing special.
i think i can find a better way to spend $70.00.
the consistency was thinner than i initially expected
as far as helping with spots
so far they have not faded
i feel there are better less pricey products that work
i found it moisturized the same as much cheaper products i've tried
eventually i came to the conclusion that less was way more in terms of the oily feel
if i used very little product it felt better on my skin
the fact that a little product goes a long way
while the heat in my area has been rather intense
i don't see much difference in the fine lines on my face
for the price i didn't find this product to be much better than other lower priced moisturizers
better for summer given its very light consistency
not as well with my clarisonic
i would expect more even skin tone or something
there are sooo many other worthy cleansers out there which do just as well for the fraction of the cost of this
glad i have a few more uses in this little sample which i will truly enjoy
it was a little difficult to get all the residue off
which i very much appreciate
i tend to prefer products without too much of a scent
that my skin no longer has that tight
the skin as whole feels firmer, as well.
a little goes a long way
the one thing i will say is that my skin is much more hydrated
my skin seemed to be more oily than usual after using this
still hasn't gone back to normal
i feel as if my dark spots have gotten darker
a little bit goes a long way
perhaps it takes longer to see results.
i do think my face is less dry than it had been before use
i realized after the initial use that a little goes a long way
it seems like there is still plenty left
it did make it feel a bit tighter
maybe i need to use it longer.
i will give it more time.
it feels tighter than usual
this product is too heavy for my skin type even in the winter months
this cream is one of the better ones i have tried
disappointed to say it hasn't really done much these last couple of months for me in terms of decreasing fine lines
it has done nothing
for the price i was expecting more than what i got
i do find it slightly irritating
so probably nothing is going to look very dramatic
a little goes a long way which is pro considering how pricey it is for a tablespoon of product
i've never paid this much for an eye cream
i don't expect much being over 50
even a small change would have been nice
i think the dark circles got worse
where i used this i noticed so many new little break outs
i don't think it works any better than the "anthony-deep pore cleansing clay" which is also much
so my face wasn't as red as it probably could have been after reading these reviews although i had little clusters of bumps appear on my face after use
loads of products i like better for less money.
it's just gotten worse
it just helped clear existing spots a bit quicker
couldn't wait any longer cause the burning was getting stronger
how people recommend this so much
works alright that there are much better products on the market
so as a harsher mask
it also will help fight blemishes way better
am going to use it one more time
idk i was just expecting more effective results from this pricy mask
i also think you get very little product for the cost
maybe it meant for younger people.
i'd even go so far as to say it's lovely in the lightweight category
i stopped using it and my skin is a lot calmer.
not for the better
it smells a lot better
my face might need a bit more moisture than this provides
a little goes a long way
not much better than other things i have tried
it's quite a shame my skin reacted this way because it seemed to rid of my oil relatively well
using this actually made my skin shiny sooner than usual
i'd say this is better for dark skinned people.
no matter how much oil i applied
i only used it at night because it made my skin slightly greasy
a little goes a long way so it is cost effective.
no matte how much or little i used it was just oil sitting on my face it took forever to sink into my skin
a couple drops goes a long way
it was a bit too thick/heavy for my liking
in my opinion the oil is far too heavy for my skin
it also seemed to dry out my skin more than anything else
so perhaps it is more helpful there
i will definitely move on after finishing this very expensive bottle
was expecting so much more!
i found this product to be way too thin for my liking
i am sure i could find somethingas good if not better for at least $10 cheaper
for me it was too heavy
a couple night a week something a little heavier to hydrate overnight
this was just too heavy for me
felt lower quality than most fresh products which i tend to love
wait a little bit before i put on my makeup
so this is way too heavy for me.
see if it's better in the winter when i might need more
it stung a little bit
this products a little too heavy for me
i just found it to sit on my skin too much
it would absorb after a bit but not all the way?
worse than that was the smell.
mostly oily more than anything else
i'll go try look for something better
this was a lot more money than i wanted to spend
because something is better than nothing
so my skin needed a bit more moisture
i don't see much of a difference in my skin
the bottle is so small it would not have lasted long
i liked this product very much but it is pricey.
this was too harsh on my face.
unfortunately i expected so much more from this eye cream
this product made my lines look even deeper
mostly bought this because i wanted to prevent them from getting any worse
this stuff literally made them worse than they have ever been
when i look in my car mirror every morning i can very well tell that my eyes look much worse than before with a few deep wrinkles
that i have decided it isn't worth a full size because it burns far more times than it doesn't
i think something else might be better
rather than stop using it
i look a wee bit younger
it slightly burns every time i try to use it
actually found my dark circles getting worse
really haven't seen much of a difference in the fine lines around my eyes
making it appear to me like i have less fine lines
a good deep hydration eye cream would have a better effect at a much lower price
i tried to put veeeery little
it was a lot of money.
a little goes a long way
as long as you don't use too much
there are definitely better eye creams out there
as well as a few very old ones
no more than it would have without the product
not even the most minuscule of a difference.
it's way too expensive for what you get
if anything, my pores are bigger.
i'll try to use it more often
kelacote is a million times better
perhaps this is good for those who have small scar
this lasted too short for person with big scar.
it did do a good job on a couple more prominent scars
neither of them look any better at all.
the skin around it is a lot more pale now compared to the rest of my face
there is a lot of product
a little does go a long way
rub it in a little more after you apply
it continued to get worse
it might work well for some
they work much better
it made it so much worse
i run through this rather quickly
within a week my face was better
i don't know how long would it take to make my skin better like before
i swear this thing made me oilier than usual
there are way better moisturizers out there in the $30-$40 category that do a much better job
my pores seem a little better
i've had much better results with creams 1/4 of the price
hope that once i have used it some more i see more of the pore tightening
didnt do much for my pores
my skin tone appears more even
there are a lot of cons in my experience so far
i suspect there is a better one out there for me
maybe a little too fast
maybe i need to use it longer
however as much as i like it as a moisturizer
i expect a lot more from a product at this price.
if anything i got more from using this product
love all of them so far
it is just so-
at least for a little while
i do feel pores are smaller now
!nope, i still see them but smoother and smaller.
it should do a lot more than that
my under-eyes started looking worse
if anything i may have a few more fine lines now!
may be need more time
it works well enough
which works well enough
it's no better than a regular eye cream
in fact it made my under eye area look much worse
my lines way more defined than before
i barely used it a month so not sure if i had to keep enduring the awful effects before it started to show something different
it may work for some but was a big no for me.
my eye area just seemed frankly worse then before i started
other creams at this price point seem to last longer
age them even more
way too harsh for my skin
my skin didn't get softer or more even.
makes it look smoother
as far as helping improve my fine lines there has been no change whatsoever
this is more for people who have no wrinkles
it stings a little bit
it makes my eye area burn slightly when i put it on
there's so much product left
i still prefer the kinerase
products that do an even better job.
could see my under eyes looked worse than they had while using this
a little goes a long way
i don't find that my eyes feel any more firm or any more bright
i feel like my under eye circles have actually gotten better
you can do better!
since my dark circles have been getting worse
it also blured my vision a little while wearing it
there was very little difference in my under eye area
better to use at night rather than the day to help prevent oily skin on the eyes
for a product that does maybe a bit more for my personal beauty needs
if anything my fine lines look worse
it works just as well as any other eye cream.
cheaper eye creams that work just as well
some have come with getting older
i feel like this has been one of the best eye treatments i have purchased so far
a little goes a long way
it is true that a little goes a long way.
a little goes a long way
bought this because i was getting a little puffy
hopefully i will have better luck with that.
i tried this product since i liked most of the other josie maran products so far
way too expensive for these rather bad results.
needs more spf because 18 is a bit low
i guess i was expecting more of a thick
what comes out when i squeeze the tube is more oil than cream
the smell is stronger than what a expected
i want more than just that
thought that i might love it as much as the reviews says
never sank in no matter how much i rubbed it in
i will say that my under eye area feels softer.
i expected more from this mask.
the only pro about this product is that a little
i still have some
a little goes a long way
maybe this cream is just for older women.
has not made me eye situation worse
works no better than any drugstore eye cream
it might help the little dark areas under my eyes
liking it i opted for the overnight mask instead figuring it seemed like a nice luxury
did leave my skin looking healthier.
other than that, not much else.
way smaller than i imagined.
there are many better mud masks than this.
mask did a better job than this
the product goes a long way
i would say this is definitely more like a mud mask than a clay mask
which to me is more like a clay mask
one pod was more than enough for me
t's always a gamble for me to find a good mask that has lasting results use after use
it's even a bigger gamble to try facial products
i no longer have acne
i think that this is too much for my 18 year old skin
still not as much product for the money as some other products
made my skin rougher than when i started
my face is even more broken out this time.
f you're someone who has pores that clog very easily stay far far far away from this
would prefer something with a little more moisture
it works so well
as much as i love the product
i wanted something with more spf
i found myself having to mix the night time moisturizer with the day time in order to have a little more moisturizer
soak right into my skin without too much trouble
got some ole henricksen products which work much better for me
it got way too greasy
it definitely have less oil than other products
so far it is the highest "oil free" that i found so far
but this one is a bit underwhelming.
maybe a little too light for my combo skin
next time i need something with a little more moisture in it
however the consistency is too watery
it turned red and started too itch a little.
it even feels a little greasy.
maybe because i have older
however it does not provide as much moisture as the base version
it took a very long time for my skin to improve.
i think i could find something better for the price
i think it doesn't work even better than my lotion
no matter how much i massaged
it did very little to improve my skin conditions.
a little too lightweight for my needs
you actually get a lot of oil in this for the price
it was pretty much hopeless
i love the product so much that i will continue to use it
no good ones either
too much oil make my face greasy!
so far it has made my skin break out
unfortunately it had been more than 90 days
i couldn't return the product any longer
it think those two were more effective than this one
the main reason i rated this so poorly was because it took forever to absorb into my skin
was much stickier than i expected
as far as oils go
the only good thing about this cleanser is the tiny bit that is needed
also the gel is a little bit hard to push
this one just had way too much moisture
it's way too expensive for me
this had a great review..so i expected a lot.
i also notice that my skin feels much oilier
more oil was found on my skin which isn't usual
the umbrian oil free lotion is so much better
for the colder months i need something more
it does go a long way, though.
thought that may have been too often based on my skin's reaction
i never had so much breakouts
too expensive for what you get
its still a lot left
i love this product so much
everyone could use a little brightening right?"
much more so that the previous bottles
it works well though
thought it will work better
a little does go a long way
seriously any other eye cream can do that for far less of a price
it's packaged very nicely as it is a pump so the product stays more stable however i found it to travel into my eyes
it feels as though it forms skin a bit
this formula smells better and goes on smoother.
it looked like it made my skin so much brighter
found i had to be very judicious about how much i used -- which kind of defeats the purpose if you're also relying on it as your moisturizer
it sounds like some others have had better experiences
guess it affects different skin types/tones differently
it wasn't especially worse than other self-tanners i've tried
will definitely have to pair it with something heavier for the winter
sadly i think that's the only boost you will get from it
they better make a difference
i always feel even shinier than normal when wearing this primer
i've experienced much better wear
i did feel like my makeup was a little thicker after putting it on
made makeup look nicer
this actually made my skin worse
this was too much for me
it's too expensive to just pitch
a little does not go a long way
it did nothing more than that
may take longer use to see any real difference in older skin
it almost absorbed too quickly for me
it seemed to make them stand out more!
this product is very much okay.
or even long term
i wish i had purchased something a little more heavy duty for my night time regimen
there are still tight
whereas before my skin used to feel so calmed
less than stellar reaction to that product too
thought maybe i put too much on
yes, but not any better than a drugstore product.
wish i had a better experience with this product because it was so expensive
i need something heavier for my night cream
i think i could find something better
both times it irritated my skin a little bit
once on the mask felt way too heavy
adds a glow...maybe too much?
thought that might be a better way to use the oil
maybe it works well for other skin types
a little goes a long way
other than it was more oily
realized my oil was no longer potent
just felt my skin getting more irritated
i would be better off getting a moisturizer instead
less than a year shelf life is crazy.
why my acne has gotten so much worse
even irritated it more
helps my foundation to stay on longer
i think one reason it stays on longer is because it is tacky
its not any better than some of the other moisturizers that i have used
it hasn't really done much for my face
a little bit goes a long way.
perhaps this was just too much product for my skin right now?
i felt it was a little heavy for my preference
i just couldn't make this work for mine because it was just too heavy
it has been a bit dryer bc of the weather so thought this would be great as it's a bit heavier
for the price i was hoping for a bit more.
i might give it a try when i'm older.
even out my skin a little
it is much more affordable
dropper thing…too much trouble here
i expected a little more
i am going to be seeing way more scars than this could ever heal :
well i think 3 months is enough time to see results from a product
there hasnt been much of a big difference
it has not done much
the good news: my skin did look much improved.
my skin tone was better
if i didn't have so many wrinkles now i see more
just made primers slide on a little smoother.
the price point is way too high as well.
i did not notice any effects with smoothing out fine lines or making my skin look more even
and i used only a drop or two, so not much.
i couldn't put up with using this any longer
much like i have for other oils
my skin actually looks more dull when using this product
way too expensive for what you get.
nothing a cheaper mask couldn't deliver
breakouts actually look worse
still can't imagine spending the high price on this when there are so many better products out there
i didn't find it better than my other go-to products
i think there are better products out there for resurfacing skin such as the first aid beauty radiance pads that are way less money
i feel that i could get similar results for far less $
maybe with more regular use i would see better results
my skin felt just a bit smoother
for a lot less money
i wanted the product to feel richer going on.
somehow it made my pores look even bigger
hence the need to use a couple more pumps than is suggested
that can happens because of too much sun
since is a better product than this
still have a lot of breakouts
as much as i love harper's all natural approach
dispensed very little amount
a little rough for every day
i felt it wasn't no different than any other cleanser
my skin is acne prone so this made it worse.
it smells similar if not better
and it's so expensive, there are better options.
probably people who have normal skin will like this product
there are better products for a lot less that do more for your money
they would have a better pump
i don't use it as an everyday cleanser more like twice a week or when my face feels it needs a little extra
there are cheaper products that do just as good of a job or better at cleansing
it just seems harsher on the skin
i can say for $38 i expected a much better pump.
so far its been a week.
it also did nothing to improve my skin
i feel as though it has made my fine lines worse since i started using it
the smell was too much
too pricey for me in the overall rating..
drink as much water as you can st
had too much to drink
i get too much on
usually get it in my eyes too
it does little to nothing to "depuff" my gaining eyes
even if i apply a little amount
love the price even more
if i use even a little bit too much it feels like i have glue on my face
it smells better than it works
left my oily skin feeling like i needed something a bit heavier
may be good for others
the moisturizer wouldn't fully sink in no matter how much or how little i use
may work better in the summer
i think the price is a bit much.
so does quite a few much cheaper products
now days there are better products for cheaper price
see how you feel before investing in this as there are many similar more gentler products out there
i think the dryness is a little better.
too bad it was discontinued
don't see much difference.
i seem to be getting a better result from the moisturizer i put on on top of this
so maybe this product is too much for me right now
i also found that over time my pores were getting a bit clogged leading to less of a smooth feel
find it addresses skin issues/imperfections much better
it's too expensive for what it does
haven't seen any difference so far
so to start i'll take the usual approach
if i'm wearing make up it does look slightly better on my nose where most of my pores are located
there are way better products out there
it does make double wear foundation application much easier
way to expensive for just that.
if you use too much it makes your pores look huge
i think for the price i was expecting more.
almost too heavy for summer.
i'll give it a little more time
maybe 2-3 more uses left
i tried putting on more product
it just felt too heavy
liked night cream better.
however, it doesnt work well on my skin.
i would never pay more than $20 for this
i think i have more lines now than when i started using it
it actually made all of my eye issues worse
for the price, i expected it to work better!
this product had so many good reviews plus its says it gets rid of fine lines
it almost made it looks worse
it did not work well for me as it made the dark circles under my eyes appear even more prominent :
too bad it was discontinued
a little goes a long way
now they appear a bit deeper
although sometimes i switch over
love this product as much as everyone else
lovely, but much too expensive for what it does.
the skin around them felt tighter
i can do much better than $60 for a primer
i think it works well in more humid places
i need something stronger
the only positives i found were that it absorbed pretty quickly without a greasy feeling
too bad it was discontinued
make them look less tired
as a face make it wasn’t any better
i find that twice a day is too much
if you do it in the shower then it gets into your skin much better
this made it worse
it even makes my skin worse
i tried to use this as much as possible
this wasn't much better.
this one would probably be better for someone with oily skin
so far its seems to help
that was not even the worse part.
good but original was way better for hydration !!
for me in particular it was a little bit too drying
decided to give this one a shot because it was a little cheaper
was a little spoiled from that
it has gotten better with continued use
it is still there
way too many great micellar waters out there to spend this much money on one that has no added benefits
it seems like too much work
i really don't feel that is any better than other micellar waters that i have tried that are much cheaper
tap water does a better job
since i started using it i've had more pimples than usual
not too much more
i normally use little to no makeup
it also goes way too quickly for the price.
it does well on my face
i used a little bit on face
i no longer love this
if you need a heftier makeup remover this is not the way to go
wanted to see how this compared
still not as pricey as this
it is less than $40
can use it as much/often
it seems more like a scrub than a mask to me
you could probably find something of equal value that works better
but this one... not so much.
about what you'd expect from a much less expensive mask
i've had much better results with the black tea
the black tea mask is much better
even if i just use a little bit
perhaps it works better for other skin types.
way more than usual
i noticed it was more oily than usual
i looked quite a bit younger than my age before i started this product
since i have dry skin i thought this would work even better
as far as i noticed
the gel version is far better
i prefer the gel version of this product it works much better
i found it did very little.
will probably have to use something else for my drier areas
i still use it sometimes
i would rather spend more money on something better next time
it actually makes my under eyes look brighter
has done little for my fine lines
i think my eyes look worse in the morning
it seemed to pull a little when i applied my makeup
it did not affect my eye makeup too much if i wore eye primer
maybe that will work better
it probably works for others
it has done nothing
the reason i keep using it is because i spent quite amount of money on it
i just have putting too many products on my face
i raise my eyebrows way too much
more i used this the more i noticed my skin getting rougher
maybe a little more towards the oily side during the summer
a little does go a long way
a little on the thicker side
it broke it me out even worse than what my face already was
i think it would be too much for the summer
it really is far too pungent to use
it has a scent that is far too strong for my liking however
second, it made my face even more oily.
the scent is a little too strong for me
it also made me break out a little
made my breakouts much worse
seeing my skin getting worse each time i applied them
it can take longer
it takes more time with others.
my skin just got progressively worse the longer i used it
also just seems too harsh on the skin
after just a few users i had to stop because the itching was too much to h
i usually can put up with quite a bit
at first this product might make you breakout even more so as it bringing everything to the surface
a little does go a long way as it is so foamy
it does not leave my face feeling any more hydrated or calmed than to began with
does not penetrate through skin as well as i had hoped
there's others that do just as good for a fraction of the cost
not much different than a sugar
because it is way to expensive for what it does for my skin
so does cold cream- with a much better experience
several products that do a better
after doing more research
since using it more often i don't think it really works
a little bit goes a long way.
way better masks out there.
a little does go a long way
i found the smell to be more annoying as time goes on
also this was just too thick and for nothing.
for me it was just too much first thing in the morning
maybe i was expecting too much of it
for sure i love the normal one better
thus does not work well for me
a little goes a long way
i can only use it in the morning since it doesn't remove all of my makeup in the evening so personally it was not a good investment for me since there are many other gentle/morning cleansers that are equally or more effective for a much more affordable price
too bad i had such high hopes for this night cream
i just think it's too much
meaning i show wrinkles easier than others
so far it is looking good.
i think my skin looks a little better around my eyes
my skin seem brighter more even.
so will keep and hope my skin get better.
have not only more wrinkles
i don't know if the formula is better or more potent in their samples
the skin around my eyes is very different than the rest of my face
is too much for my eye area
i didn't get a chance to use for longer than a week because this stung my eyes
irritated them too much
can actually do more harm than good at 47
too much made my eyes burn.
it hasn't done anything for me other than provide some hydration under the eyes
there are much better products on the market
i need way more moisture than this during most parts of the year
i feel like i've used too much of it to return
it takes a little while to rub in
don't think i'll be repurchasing this again mainly because i want something that absorbs quicker
it made my skin even more red
i found that it irritated my skin more than anything
maybe it will work on older skin.
bottle too big to travel with.
the small amount i'm applying is still too much product
or how much i had to begin with
what made it worse was
hurt so much from the constant pumping
it is way too expensive for it not to deliver in all areas that it promised
a pretty expensive moisturizer is what it ended up being for me
as far as i can see
i also seem to break out less.
it should be more like $50.00.
for lack of a better word
thought using something more pricey might be required
and a little goes a long way.
however, it is too expensive for my budget.
i like this product very much
that seemed to prevent any more break outs
it was pretty much the same as all the other night creams i've used
maybe more suited for someone older.
expected much more from this product.
no go for me, but may be better for others.
especially now since there is very little rain in california
really most of it is gone because of healthier-eating
there are better masks out there
i found that it didn't give me any better results than a regular old moisturizer
there are other hydrating masks out there that are much much more effective than this one
you can do better, though.
i like to use it after exfoliation or if i've had a little too much sun
it does seem to make my skin feel a little softer in the mornings
not so much that this is a must-have product
my face is seriously worse since using this product
overnight gives a much better result.
the next morning my skin looked much brighter with a more even skin tone
it seemed to break me out a little bit
it did nothing as far as hydration
there are better products for me out there
definitely less expensive ones
will definitely try more of her line
i think it might be good for a younger person who has slightly oily skin
because i love the product so much
i would end up using 5 or 10 times that much
even when there is plenty left
i can barely move my face because my skin feels so tight
so this gets three stars because it could have been good
my face got better
especially because there's so many cheaper
my skin got so much better
even though it is nicely priced
thought it can't be that much different than my usual br
a product this costly should be better
for $90.00, this should have worked better.
t's not like i was using to much
nothing since this product
i wanted something a tad stronger to help clear my large pores
my skin was still reacting too much to it
as much as i would like to love this product
it seems to work just as well as a primer
i will say a little goes a long way with this cleanser
the only issue is that lately my t-zone has been more oily
so much makeup was left
actually did more damage then good
my skin turns into an oil slick that gets progressively worse throughout the day
the smell was a little too similar to baby powder
there are better products at half the cost
the smell is not as bad as most have said
great results so far
really think of how much the markup is on all these products
it probably would absorb just fine
bobbi brown's extra repair eye cream is far superior than this
its hard finding an eye cream that actually helps with fine lines
no cream that ive tried so far has done anything to help
the tone of my skin is much more even
my skin was a bit more glowy after use
this seemed to make them worse...
too many layers on my face using it
made my face even shinier
which i thought seemed like a bit too much at the time
don't usually have the need for too much product
rather than the advanced one
maybe balled up a little bit
i felt like even my regular moisturizers smooth my eye area out better than this
there are less expensive products that are just as good
it is very thick so seems like it would last a long time
honestly i have never had a more drying cleanser
much less an oil cleanser
as mine tends to change a bit with the seasons
i don't see much of a difference with my skin
which is not in any way typical for my skin
perhaps this would be better suited for those who use very little product on their face
i think this one must be better for some skin types more than others
my skin is more normal/
it works well too
it might be better for travel
better for a morning wash than a night one
you might as well just use water.
far closer to a gel than an oil cleanser
it gets most of my eye makeup off too
i don't need my face breaking out more than it normally does
my skin looks / feels no better than before i started using this product
a little goes a long way.
it was a bit more sticky than my usual face oil bed time routine
it is definitely possible i layered too much on
i may have had too high expectations because i love boscia so much
it reacts very badly with some of my other skin care too
i don't find it does very much for my skin
perhaps somebody with normal to semi dry skin that's not easily irritated will have better luck with this
the cost far outweighs the benefits unfortunately
tsubaki oil is great, this not so much.
it's not that much better than other overnight moisturizers
no better than many other products out there
too bad it was discontinued
smells a bit too much like a gr
i actually prefer more of a 'glow' though
it is too expensive to do nothing.
which is so-so
although even for that one
a little goes on long way
as far as dark circles are concerned
this isn't much of an exception
haven't replaced it in a while because it's a bit expensive
it hasn't done anything to reduce my dark circles
without success so far
maybe i put too much?
is there such thing as too much eye cream?
rough skin that is there now
however it does nothing for dark circles.
this product has made the area look somewhat brighter
it is a little over my budget
it seems that the higher the price the better the return
thus it's expensive for what you get
now that it is getting colder
even the ceo moisturizer is way better than this
if it had a better scent i would give it 4 stars.
i better see a difference right away
it worked only as a "normal" moisturizer- which i could purchase at a much lesser cost
i still have a lot left
it isn't any better than before
it looks good so far
considering that my clinique works even better for me/ lasts longer
the mask was ultimately slightly matifying
it creates more of a mess than it helps
i tried it many times even as a spot treatment.
but makes my skin worse not better
i mite as well use elmer's glue it would work better than this product
if you happen to apply just a little bit too thick somewhere on your face
i wish it was more potent
the next day my skin did look slightly better
because i put too much on my face that some parts did not dry thoroughly
there are better masks out there
it must've been too thin because it did not peel off very well
i did see a little less break outs
for the price- i expected much more
didn't notice too much of a difference in terms of detoxified
it did even out my skin tone somewhat
face feels a little cleaner
you can definitely find much better masks for a lower price
a little goes a long way
it would work much better
which made my skin much clearer than it had been in years
i didn't find that it reduced my pores very much
it dried out my skin so much that my skin reacted by producing even more oil in my tzone
i just find it overall nothing too special for the price
i think for people who have skin that requires a stronger agent to keep acne away they should probably not consider this product
it left much to be desired
it just made it worse
it gets the job done, nothing more.
way bigger than usual.
just really dried me out more than i needed
also breaks me out a little bit
i purposely bought this product so my skin could look brighter
as much as other people love it
hated it so much, it went back to sephora!
for me, not so much.
only complaint i have is that it does go bad fairly quick
there are better products.
not too sure about brightening though
my skin looks much smoother.
this is too expensive for a product that does nothing
i barely sleep so that could be the issue as well
i can't go lower than 3 stars
i feel like using nothing would be better than this
that was a little too heavy
does had a small effect of making the bags under my eyes a little less dark
in the end i think your better off using something that isn't quite so expensive
because a little goes a long way
for its price would have liked for it to do much more
i've tried it for a month so far
looked worse for wear
i need it to be something more
i wouldn't spend that much money on it just for that
i think this cream has made my fine lines worse.
i don't have any complaints so far
then try something a little more hydrating
way too expensive for a placebo at best
it had little to no scent
a little bit goes a long way
if this were to cost $40 i'd probably consider it because it moisturizes nicely
which i don't like as much as the previous formula
which was slightly more affordable
my fine lines actually became worse
dispense way too much
it was waaaaay too much for my combination skin
however for the price you don't get much
this is more surface results
the dropper picks up next to nothing as far as the product is concerned
this product smelt so bad that i couldn't even keep it on for more than a minute
i may have put too much on
now my skin looks normal now
i didnt notice much of a difference
my pores started to look bigger
maybe i just applied too much product
night although it doesn't do anything amazing compared to much cheaper moisturizers
it works just as good if not better
but for me, not so much.
even though it was mild i hated it too much to leave it on my face
there's better out there.
this smells so much like playdoh
i couldn't keep it on long enough for it to be effective
you can find just as good of a moisturizer with a cheaper cost
for the price i was expecting it to do more than just keep my face moisturized
i've done well with glamglow in the past
so do many other products at a better price
i much prefer a sheet mask for this purpose.
the tingle might be a bit too much for some people
i expected so much more
my skin does seem to be worse than before using the product
little bits of fallout are everywhere
much too heavy for spring or summer
it's been over a week so my face is already heeled
immediate feel of this product is amazing as usual
hope i can find something better
i expected so much from this line.
it was expensive and it did nothing for my skin.
got this since it has more product for the price
gets everything off for the most part
since i have it now i might as well finish the little bottle
so many negatives for me
so was this one although this was better then the soy one
removes make up pretty well with little product
balms that definitely do a better job than this
if anything it makes it worse!
looks much better on its own
but, so far nothing works like i would like.
get far more value for the money
its not something id use everyday since there isnt very much product in the tube
i think it actually makes things worse not better
especially since theres very little of the product in the stick
when i got it home in a better lighting
it really didn't make much difference in smoothing the fine lines
benefit porefessional is much better!
not nearly as much as i was hoping
perhaps it might do better minimizing pores
i couldn't use this one longer than a week
problem was highlighted more than if i didn't use it
the product us slow coming out of the little tube
i've gotten way more product from
you may have better luck than i did
hence why you might see your pores looking more refined
if you are acne prone i'd stay far away from this
not any better than benefit's porefessional
one of similar name that is so much better
maybe was too long in a hot truck with delivery who knows
you can get just as good of an effect with cheaper primers
fine lines better than similar products
i give it two stars for being so very overpriced for the benefit/payoff that you actually get in return for the money
i've used many similar products for much less.
too pricey for lackluster results
a little goes a long way.
i expected a better long lasting results
it should kind of do more than that for the price
after applied it feels a little greasy
because this goes so fast.
looks like i will be sticking to the other version because it lasts much longer than this
a little lighter than the face cream
(it was a bit too strong for my liking.)
felt like i had to keep using more
amount you get in the bottle because of how much i was using in a day
i am going to guess that there is a correlation between the fact it is heavily scented
am so much happier
i know that lots of other creams are more expensive than this one
this made things much worse
for the price i could get much more than 1 oz of moisturizer from another br
as i think it does as much as more expensive br
i feel like i need to use a lot more to spread it around my face
the cream is too much
i expected so much more from this product.
it was no different than a similar product i have tried that was much cheaper
worked so much better
a lot of masks do that after exposure to the air--hardly a worthy selling point
this product costs way too much money for mediocre results
i think there are better options than this one.
love origins products so much
in fact my skin is actually darker than when i started
this made my skin way worse.
the bottle is only half empty so a little goes a long way
i've had better luck with caudelie
way better serums out there....
perhaps i haven't been using it long enough.
so far i've used about 1/3 of the bottle
it is too expensive to not see any benefits
i don't even know how much of this product has ended up in the cap
yes it is technically more work
at first i wondered if it would absorb into my skin more
it did seem to depuff a little bit
i think that the cool metal was what helped rather than the actual product
however it just makes my wrinkles look worse.
way too expensive to not do anything.
somewhat sits in my fine lines
so far this is pretty good
fyi a little goes a very long way
one is too fair
just gives the eyes a little lift.
just makes them look more pronounced
even more tired than i did before i applied it
it's better if you just purchase a good eye treatment
the fair color is almost too dark
so far it has been a great addition to my makeup routine
so far i really like it
might take a little longer to see the results
i like it more than any of the glamglow ones
there are much better masks out there for a fraction of the price
twice a week is better
i think it's better than 'just' a clay mask
might work better on younger combination skin type
its really expensive for how little you get
it definitely looked cleaner
hope to see better results
this is the kind of product that will last most people longer than its shelf life even at the 0
i'd rather buy less product
have it fresh for longer than have to pay more for more product than i can actually use over the course of 1 year
also it is a little hard to rinse off.
i expected much better results.
they say the cucumber one is better
it helps my skin a lot better
i find the whole product to be a bit deceiving.
i mean it does somewhat
maybe gave useful it 3 times
so expensive that decided to give it a shot to this gel mask
why it works so badly
it was better than nothing
i could get the same results with much cheaper products
lately my combination skin is getting a littler more dry
for it's price, i would expect a lot more.
for my normal skin it didn't make a bit of difference
so a little bit goes a long way
it's too much work
the product was far far far far far too strong for my face
no matter how hard you try to get less because you know only a tad is needed
so much i could see the difference in the mirror
so be careful not to use too much
a little drop goes a long way
i guess i expected a more luxurious experience for the price
maybe i expected it to smell more "rose."
but, my skin is a bit tight after using it.
did give this product a little over a week
they worked with me to find another product which so far is working well
it was too dark
definitely did have to use more than the recommended '2-3 drops' even using as very light coverage
it was much to dark
more even skin tone
so this foundation may work better for someone with drier skin
this foundation is too dark
it is still way too sheer to do anything
i usually prefer a fuller coverage
they need to make a shade lighter so more fair to light skin tones can use this as well
if your skin has little to no imperfections then this would work
a pump would have been more convenient.
it left me with little breakouts
took it back because i've used better sheer foundations
except it still tends to make my face too dark
that can also be "a little shiny
i did try it more than once
without looking like i had too much makeup on
the light to medium color is a little dark for me even in the summer
for $55 i expect more.
is pretty long-lasting
because if i'd be angry if i'd spent nearly $50 on such lousy product
also a little does go along way
however that is all i liked about it
i can find one of those for a whole lot less money
just needs a little bit of cream
i am sure there's better products out there with more affordable price
maybe it will work out great for people with less sensitive skin or different skin type
may be better for more mature skin?
the hydration does not last too long
too high for what happened to me
which probably isnt a problem for most people
it does absorb rather quickly though so that is a plus
if you prefer a more natural look
just a little bit of dark circles
i speak from experience- i used a little too much
if you don't use too much at once
i did use a little too much
which means they are probably slightly drying
a little does go along way
now that it's s little more humid
the much cheaper nose strips pull out more gunk
my dark spots only got worse
the patch is maybe 10% lighter
over much of my face
then it feels better
i can definitely say they were lighter
this would probably work better
is it too early to tell?
although the second strip that it comes with that's supposed to make your pores smaller did work pretty well
i hope to try other masks with better results.
this product is wayyyy better than drug store br
got much deeper i thought than drug store br
i cannot complain too much
i actually find that a lot of cheaper drugstore ones work much better
don't get nearly as good of results
unfortunately it's just a more expensive version with a little bit of an upside
i did notice that the skin felt softer than usual
none from the sides where there are alot
works so much better
maybe my nose was too heavy duty for what this is expected to do
so invest in a better product.
it did a much better job for a fraction of the price
better than drugstore brand.
the cost is way way too much to buy this on a regular basis
the truth is that i have gotten better results with the drug store br
maybe better to do in the morning?
this doesn't work any better than any of the other br
this doesn't do anything more than other strips.
there are better options price-wise
never seemed to pull much out
however the night cream was a little underwhelming
however the day cream was so hard to work into my skin
however, it's so expensive.
there are so many other masks out that do a much better job
this was far from it
there is still a bit of a tingle though
also for this price point i feel like i can find better masks
a little goes a long way
this is a little expensive for the results i see
i expected something better from this line.
that was much better for me
this mask is a little milkier
their pores were starting to look better
i still like the other supermud better since it worked instantly
the burning sensation was more than i could bear even for just 2 minutes
could barely keep it on for more than 10 minutes because the burning was so bad
i do think there are likely better options for the price
the black jar works much better in my opinion.
this stuff made my pores worse than they were before
hoping to have more success with that one
after multiple uses one side "finished" i guess while the other side still has alot of product in it
i can barely keep this serum on for more than an hour without it drying the heck out of my skin
it has done nothing for my under eye area
tried applying it differently nothing seems to work for me
i find i have better results with them
spend it on a better eye gel
my eye area is starting to need more attention
other than that i don't have much good to say
i find it way to much greasy
i've tried it so many times.
i learned this was more of a prevention product more than it is a treatment
since i am starting to see a bit more more fine lines
so far no such luck
think i need more serious stuff
it helped a little bit to get rid of my fine lines
i noticed that my concealer goes on a little better the next morning
i need something stronger than this product probably
find that it works much better
i gave 3 stars because it seemed a little firmer.
i also did not find much improvement.
i tried it for a few days thinking maybe it would be better
i prefer the eye cream way more
the gel not so much
it seems like i wake up with worse bags now
many cheaper masks can do that
because maybe i used too much
this cleanser just makes it worse
you only need a little bit
it was just too harsh for my skin
it looks pretty much the same
just too strong for my face
lingers for a very long time
for the price i expect much more in a moisturizer
there are way better products out there
it is a bit oilier than i care for
i am glad i got this as a sample instead of spending so much on it
better as night cream
not so much for day cream if using makeup
her skin looks much younger
save your money for something better
i feel like this one improves the texture of the skin just a little bit or perhaps even just temporarily during the day
i'll give it some more time
there certainly are better ones out there for this price
or even less expensive
i feel like there are other serums on the market that can do more than this
i wish more products felt this way
as far as product it does ok
a little goes a very long way.
i can honestly say that my skin is much better after using this product
i think paying $60 every 2 weeks is a bit much.
i should have know better.
maybe i should have tried it more consistently
while it made the texture of my skin better
little lines under eyes
softer all day long
not that winter needed more help
my under eye circles aren't getting worse either
i've tried other things that work better for a lower price
so far i've liked all sephora products
a little goes a long way
you're really paying more
not much at all than hydration
so far i do love the other two black pine products
i like the wild rose products much more.
so far, no difference that i can see or feel.
need more time with this product.
well this product does just that!
even though i liked the results
couldn't even focus on looking at my skin to see if it made a difference because it was so overpowering
no better than much lesser priced products i have tried in the past
perhaps it works better on younger skin
other than my face looked a little red after application
i normally don't deviate too much on products
am usually pretty weary when trying new things
it thins out a little
i don't feel any change after more than a week of use
more importantly, i hate the smell of it.
got a little bit tired of it
the more i used it the more i broke out with huge red bumps
i've never broken out this much even in high school
i'll no longer be continuing to use it as the product itself seems rather pointless
however once i have other better products at h
so this lasts quite a while
so that magic effect is gone.
however in 2 weeks i got little breakouts all over my skin
also, a little goes a very long way.
if you want to spend more money
it definitely made my skin a little softer
im sure it would give more benefits to more mature skin
guess this is not for my skin type?anyways i will keep using it for a few more weeks in the hope that it will gradually make my skin look better
maybe more suitable for this than me
it seemed a little thick
where as you can get bigger
better cleansers for a better price
i could've lived with that had the mask not made things worse
for the price as well too
it does a very poor job of taking makeup off too.
so do many other things
there are other products that do this faster
i will definitely use it a few more times to see
too $$ for doing nothing
the reality is a much different story.
it left a film as well
there are much much better cleansers out there
at first i thought i was using too much product
it has an interesting smell that wouldn't bother me so much if it did a better job of removing make up
love it is far
with the appearance of more fine lines
i did not notice any improvement in the undereye area except perhaps a little more moisturized
you'd hope it would do a better job at "plumping" those lines out than it does
in fact i think it made my fine lines even worse
first off the smell is just too much for me.
although it does leave a little bit of residue
there's better ones out there.
i find myself scooping more than i need of this
not bad, but i doubt i'll purchase more.
had to rub the product harder on the eye area which was very harsh on the skin
so much so that i used my normal cleanser after
giving it to my cousin as it would be better suited for her needs
my face felt dirtier after.
my 42 year old perfectly normal skin did not like this product in the least
a little too much for my skin in the summer months
my skin felt worse after washing it than it did before
might be great if you have normal skin.
much better cleansing oils out there that provide a better oil for your skin
maybe a little bit or my dark circles going away
even when i use less of the cream
may not be using it for the eye area for much longer
i don't see much firming
maybe w/ a moisturizer it would have been better.
i am getting to an age where fine lines are deeper
maybe i applied too much.
so many better origins options in the price range
it felt more hydrating than anything else.
i will say my skin gets more sensitive in the colder months
the smell lasts a long time too.
isn't bad, just way to expensive.
not so much so that i would shell out this amount of money
a little went a long way
too expensive for doing nothing
not even as good as many eye creams i have tried.
it felt more like a primer for makeup.
the deeper the scar, the longer it seems to fade.
my skin has broken out every day so far
i feel a little goes a long way
so far i can say it doesn't work very well with my clarisonic
it also doesn't last very long
it seems like it is running out very quickly
this product contains too much fragrance which is never good news for your skin
i very much like how it is instantly absorbed
it has done nothing to bring more moisture to my skin
i very much like how it is instantly absorbed
there are better products out there
i'll have to do more research.
it might have slightly made my skin look clearer
the micro-beads of product that are supposed to be delivered via the serum don't seem to contain anything of measurable substance as i've seen far better results from far less pricy lines
i see little to no difference.
think a richer/more concentrated texture would feel much more satisfying
there are a lot of better products that do the same
the shape of my face didn't look different for the amount of money i spent on this little bottle
only less than 1/4 bottle left
it might have some results but, no, thanks.
have generally liked them
there is no way this should cost as much as it does
i just started the needles no more
the plain cream in this range is much better.
i usually don't break out too much except once a month
it's usually better than that"
it seems to work for most people though
it wasnt long lasting enough
i need something thicker
it also can be that i live in a city where it is so cold that often nothing helps
i think i like it better than jm's infinity cream because it does not have the orange smell
jart+ had made the jar shorter with a wider opening i would've liked it better
it just seems like it takes too many swipes to get the product out
there are much more effective cleansers
which would be a lot less hassle
the first few uses my skin felt much softer.
in fact it felt worse in the morning then normal.
3 stars because it took so long
other than it does nothing
way too expensive for what it does
i gave it to my mom to use maybe it would work better on a 52 year old
me...not so much.
i too have had a little issue with it giving me some clogged pores
i will say it takes very little each night to cover my face
it does take a little bit to absorb fully into my skin
because it does cause me to break out a little bit
i could feel it slightly
feel more drier that i usually do.
so far i see nothing
slightly more youthful looking
maybe i need to use it more than 2 nights in a row
however i have been breaking out more with this
drinking water is helping only so much...
on top of that my face didn't look any better or felt any more moisturized than usual
the following nights, not so much.
it just seemed too expensive for what it does
it took a little longer because the "residue" felt really slick
my wrinkles aren't even that deep so maybe i was expecting too big of results
definitely won't be wasting any more money on it
way too much for a skin product
it probably works on younger skin that doesn't have deeper wrinkles or lines
the product seemed to be a little tightening
spent quite a bit a money to no satisfaction
it worked much better
i think that product worked better than needles no more
perhaps my wrinkles are to far gone for this product to be effective
maybe it works better for more obvious wrinkles or on more mature skin?
the lines are actually worse on that side than before i started using it
it's so much better than needles no more
other lyrics using the product on a few small areas i feel that this product doesn't last nearly long enough
if a product is going to cost this much for so little use
i expect more than a mininal difference
especially when it comes to long term results
so the skin area might make a difference
maybe would be better for someone younger
i would need much better results to invest this amount of money
since it was too expensive to just chuck in the garbage
the more you get injections the longer it lasts so visits can get spread out longer
was hoping for more
the less it seemed to be working
so too bad for them
i needed it to badly as i've been breaking out terribly recently
rather decent size pores
i started getting whiteheads more frequently than usual
the smell is too much
as far as clearing
less messy to take it off there
this product was just too hard to use
the company can do better.
as this is much too harsh
thought that this would just make it 20x better
it would be tolerable if the product actually worked
it doesn't seem to help much with even moderate breakouts
the pump was so bad
not as good as hourglass
this has made me break out even more
the results for me were less than subpar.
a lot of product goes a little ways
it's actually made my skin worse
since using this i have gotten more pimples
a little goes a long way
after couple times it got little better
may be better for colder regions
have not noticed it looking any better
i need something thicker.
there are better moisturizers out there
first aid beauty face moisturizer is so much better in my opinion
even that is a stretch
haven't seen too much improvement through the use of this product
the worse my skin got
a little goes a long way
there are so many more effective
of eye cream to something more intense
a little goes a long way
giving it a shorter shelf life
my fine lines actually looked worse
they work just as well if not better
hated it so much
i do think there are other better oil cleansers out there
though i am no longer a young person now
i've had more breakouts using it than i've ever had in my life
also waaaay too expensive.
*this oil works differently for everyone
has helped so much with my acne
a little heavy on my skin
add a little more moisture
don't have much experience to compare to
probably better for drier skin folks.
this would probably be fine for most skin types
this was way too strong for my skin
it caused me so much break out.
there are so many better serums out there.
maybe my expectations were too high
i figure being preventative is better than nothing
there are many less expensive
so much so that i don't wear make-up
the bottle did claim to irritate sensitive skin at first before it gets better
it might be meant for some people with more normal skin
i think it broke me out more than anything.
this one being by far the worse.
i might've overlooked this if the product itself worked better for me
i kept using this cleanser way longer than i should have
if i used this in the summer it might be better
this one was too harsh on my skin
i can see this bar lasting a long time
it's way too rough for that
i need something more
it was a bit harsh.
even though the smell is so light
to be honest they are so tiny that doesnt bother me that much
i still love caudalie despite of it =)
surprisingly my skin feels more dry than before i started using this product
told me i'd be much happier using this product than the one i was about to purchase
by itself as part of my routine made my skin more oily than usual
so far i like the product
other than that, i liked it.
so maybe this stuff is better for other skin types
not so much so that they should include it in the title
it did nothing for me as far as makeup removal is concerned
i do not know if it is because i use it every day that the effects won't get better than what i have gotten so far?
it's a fairly expensive product considering how little you actually get
i should've done some research before
does make it a little brighter
for the price, find something better.
made my concealer crease more than usual as well
as is the case in way too many of benefit's cosmetics
works just as well
i just wish that it would be bigger because it is too expensive which is why i won't give it more stars
it does nothing as far as depuffing
i soon realized that it is pretty much useless
only makes the undereye area a bit smoother
i felt that the iron was a little too abrasive
i also felt that there was a bit of a brightening effect with it too
it is better to use it when no using make up ar all or little
i am so tired of benefit products being so darn expensive
shame on you benefit for putting that much fragrance in a product that goes by the eyes
not as much as other products that are more effective
i'll be going back to clinique's even better eyes
well the packaging is just as cute as can be!
i think i need more moister
a little goes a long way which is great
first off, a little goes a long way!
it does clean quite well
was trying to find something less expensive
i really think their products are much better suited to people in their late teens to mid 20s--when your skin is young
doesn't need much to bounce back
i've had much better success with other br
how much you've used so far
it has a ways to go
actually looked more like a primer
used it for a little bit longer my skin would clear up
it's pretty expensive to not do much
the silicone made it much more of a primer
i find that i prefer the seacret balancing face serum much better than this product
i feel like it would work better on people with normal to combination skin
use so much of it
it doesn't spread very well.
may be better suited to younger skin.
the breakouts just got worse
probably use more than i should to avoid that
probably only as a primer or on days when i want a little extra something on my skin
i even tried it doing it in different ways
i usually leave my mask on for 1hour or more.
these two have done more than this gold mask alone
this one seems a bit of a gimmick
break out with more acne
a little bit more smooth
having put too much hope in the claims to tighten
maybe if your skin is more sagging
so far nothing has really worked i was hoping this would be the one
sometimes i think it makes me break out more.
products can only temporary constrict them so they look a little smaller
i think this is probably a much better product for people with oily
it is not as good as i expected
it lasts pretty long.
am better off just combining what i already have to get a longer-lasting glow with mositure
a little goes a long way
lasts a very long time.
i need something a little more effective for my problematic skin
it is only 3/4 gone
my skin is a lot happier
thought the lines around my eyes looked so much better
i wanted this product to work for me so badly as it has so many benefits
there are a lot of other eye products out there that are much more effective
i hated the little beads that were in it
the drugstore miracle blur for under your eyes does a much better job
makes my eyes look slighty worse.
im struggling with our dark circles for many years
a little bit reduce my dark circle
i guess i am older and need more moisture.
the little jar is almost gone
i figured it'd help even a little
appears to give me more wrinkles
guess i'll give it more time
what's worse is how much i paid!
i'll give it that much.
the little grains are hard to rub in, just messy
the only thing i have noticed so far is that it is very drying
i see a very little difference.
maybe works better for others
didnt do any good for meonly pronouced my fine lines even more when got dry
for $100 i was expecting a lot more.
i want results if i'm paying this much for an eye cream
since it cost so much i still use it.
it does look like it brightens the area somewhat
hoping for more improvement as time goes on
using my clarisonic is without a doubt better than using this
it does it well
i definitely think that there are equally as good cleansers out there that'll be cheaper
not really sure it works any better than some of the other sephora cleansers i've used in the past
i think this is too much for daily use
i would be scared to use it too much
i definitely noticed my skin looking much brighter
sometimes i add half a pump more
after trying the thirsty cleanser i thought i would love this one just as much
it hasn't leaked so far
so much that my face started breaking out because of the excess oil
i doubt how much it actually cleans
i think this may have been too harsh
now i have a lot of blemishes whereas i had maybe 1 before
it actually made my skin worse
really thought this product was going to improve it at least a little bit
there was so much dead skin that i kept having to exfoliate more
for the price i expect results faster.
it seems to have broken me out in less than two days which is quite odd because i don't break out
i lasted much longer.
it also hasn't made it worse either
my skin is much softer
like my skin was 10x thirstier than it already was
i gave this a 2 more weeks to see if it was just my skin reacting to a new product
i normally don't react badly with products
i figured i might've been a little too rough with how i rubbed my face
they still look dull
however no matter how long i waited or how much i tapped
i feel as if it was more of a moisturizer rather than a youth preserve eye cream
absorbs nicely without leaving too much residue
i guarantee you can find an eye cream that just moisturizes for way cheaper than $43
it made it feel worse actually
go back to my much more expensive lancome eye cream that does the job
didn't seem to make much more of a difference
i prefer my serums to have a little bit more substance to them
my pores seem more congested than usual
so many reviews say this washes makeup off well
it leaves so much residue behind
it was much better
there are other oil cleansers that do a better job
i don't think my skin has ever felt more gross.
there are many oil cleansers out there that are far superior to this
even though it's cheaper than the clinique i will not repurchase
should have this much scent
thick right away no matter how much oil you pump out
while this seems to work better than the others
so far no luck
a whole lot cheaper too!
it is kind of expensive and run out really fast.
the more i used it the more they kept coming now my clear skin that i have to work so hard to maintain is a zitty mess :
this is far too expensive to be going through a bottle a month
1 star is too much
i wanted to love this so much
i really wish they would come out with a lighter version
just wish the tiny was a little more transparent
it shouldn't be that difficult to find this combo in a well made product
so if this was too heavy for me something's off.
i should have known better
it's a little bit darker than i would like
it is pretty-much the same as their face-finishing moisturizer
it was too orange for my fair skin.
maybe someone with normal or dry skin would do better with it
this product made it much worse
my skin became much more oil filled
as far as results
for the price i would want to see better results.
maybe with longer use it might make a difference
i figured a little more than half an ounce was giving a serum a fair chance
a little goes a long way
not sure it works better than any other serum
other than that it does good job in smoothing out the skin
i found that as an oily skin type it was too much for during the day
i no longer use it as a mask
there are better out there
there are much worse as well
not much difference in brightening after
i think it is more of just a chemical reaction of the ingredients
my face felt a little tight
instead they were antagonized and got worse.
my skin did not become smoother or more beautiful
they have little bumps on the back
a bit pricy if i'm using it on both arms every night though
i want to use something a bit more gentle
my face has broken out so much
felt like more water than anything
i must say i prefer the older one better.
the older product was in a pump which i feel like was easier to control how much product came out at once
the older version was better
yes my skin is a little bit brighened when i apply it
my face usually responds well to treatments or masks pretty noticeably
it is just time-consuming in the am with little payoff
although this can be a little messy the benefits outweigh the negative by far
the mess made me feel as though too much would end up getting unintentionally wasted when trying to use
too much product pours out
i couldn't use it more than once.
i just wish it were a little easier to use
it doesn't really seem to work any better or worse than other exfoliating products
too much product comes out when you tip the bottle
$40 is too much for the amount of product you truly get
far less product than what i thought there would be for the size of the bottle
as far as it working
i find it much too strong
if it were less expensive for the amount you get
c products out there that are far less greasy
going to use the rest of the bottle to see how much more it will lighten up my spots
for this price i expected much better results
or even much less
cream is thick so little goes a long way.
i figured i better start using a better under eye cream
i will use a bit longer in hopes i see some change
as far as the actual product goes
this is worse than useless
its not a primer as far as i can tell
i didn't really notice if my makeup stayed on better than usual
my skin gets more oily i may try it again to see if i get a better result
they made it worse
it's still a little too much for my sensitive complexion
had to put too much effort to not look shiny
you might find it too heavy
a little goes along way.
it made them worse so i returned it.
maybe i'm expecting too much or paying too close attention
i should've just bought a more expensive cream that really works
feels like i have to put a lot more on than i would with a regular eye cream
i much prefer my shiseido eye cream.
however this one doesn't quite make the cut
as far as the other benefits it is supposed to have
so far, for nighttime use, i really like it.
my skin does look brighter than before
it hasn't really done much for my skin
have seen better results with that than with the luna
'm a little worried about other reviews suggesting it's different than the full size product
seems to improve those fine lines well enough
it seemed to work well on lines
if i accidentally use even a little too much
maybe if i was more on the dry side it would have been as great as everyone says
oil though, that seems to be doing more for me.
i've had better experiences with cheaper oil so you should do your research before splurging on an expensive skin care product
is too much for what it does
keep in mind i am only 20 so older women might benefit way more from the product
i just started using it because i am getting older
as much as i want to
i've had better results from other
my cheaper skin products have done more of a number on my skin than this did
it helped a little texture
oils should really last longer than a year
it hasn't done much for me
i've definitely used better oils for a lesser price
cheaper prodects out there that perform better
i broke out more than usual
the sephora employee was pushing this so hard
by the end of the week my skin had gotten so bad i'd compare it to the gr
even though i liked it
in fact it made my skin look even worse.
to having even more dullness
i loved it so much
in fact, my skin is better without it at all.
priced much more fairly
i see my skin actually looking worse than before i used it
i think a little does go a long way
unfortunately for this price is just too much to warrant buying on a regular basis
so far so good
it's so expensive for something that that does not even work well with my skin tone
too much product is left in the bottle
it doesn't stay for long, and it is expensive.
don't see any change so far
i never did experience the problems others had with it being too strong
it has caused so many more breakouts :
this really falls short for me
this actually somehow made my skin look worse under my makeup
many more tries that i should have
does it make my makeup last longer?
no longer than my drugstore primer does.
my skin has never broken out from a product as much as it did from this
i'd say it's a little worse than average.
there are tons better primers out there for less the price
i put on about more than a light layer
nothing more special than what you'd find in a drugstore primer
how it feels when i use just a little bit
i found it a little heavy
there wasn't even that much product there
the problem i had was that i find it finishes too fast
that's about as long as it lasts
i could see an oily person enjoying it more
it's not any better than something from the drugstore
this is more of a primer
either way i was still just as oily as normal
that one is much better
it makes my make goes on patchy
my skin actually looks much shinier with this on
if i used just a tad more i'd end up being a grease ball so this was a no go for me
helping it last much longer
murad works a lot better than this!
i pretty much have the same opinion as many others that have oily skin
i've experienced more breakouts than usual since/while using this stuff
just a little bit on my cheeks
it did, but just a little.
it got worse that i have to go to my dermatologist
actually creates little balls of the product
little goes a long way.
or wear much makeup
it was a little too greasy feeling for me
not better than shiseido as promised.
also dispenses so much it stayed tacky too long for morning makeup routine
you must watch the pump because too much product can be wasted easily
so basically this goes under another product which can get even pricier
the dispenser dispenses too much product as far as i'm concerned
that is all so far
so many better products that are cheaper
i've tried so many things
the hassle of getting the moisture from the product is too frustrating
over time it did cause a lot of texture
actually made my skin more dry than it already was
it feels a little heavier than some other "deep moisture" creams
it made me produce more oil
this might not be a better choice
the more i use it the more i realize how much this strips my face
however my skin did look much clearer
i started getting more pimples
there was so much still there
a little goes a long way
you also use very little product so this will last a long time
however, this is just average to me.
it has no long term results particularly as far as dryness is concerned
it barely ever has a reaction
i expected more i guess.
this seemed to make me break out more
my makeup seems to break up much faster
the rest of my face was still shinier than usual
in fact it makes it worse
i felt as if this made me even more oily
it makes it appear as though you get 2-3 times the amount of moisturizer than you actually get
s should know better than to heavily perfume their face products
it didn't do much to make my skin more hydrated
i saw better results with the other.
maybe in summer it would be better for me.
it also does not work too well under makeup
it's consistently gotten worse
a try since i just started getting into taking better care of my skin
so far it has made my skin smoother
i am going to give it a few more tries
which made it come off better
i don't notice much difference as far as pore-refining or being especially moisturized
you only need a little because it spreads well.
it actually made my skin worse.
belif eye cream which i like more
eyeshadow has no chance of staying put longer than an hour
feel they are even more visable now than they have been with other products
so does any cheaper cream
though they have not gotten visibly worse
they have by no means gotten better
how it dried out my skin so much
i've gotten better results with creams that cost much less
never the less they are there
make me look a lot older than i should
what i do like is it absorbs quite quickly
there are definitely cheaper oils that do the same thing if not more
now i have little bumps all over my face
i just generally disliked the product it wasn't worth the $ in my eyes
now it was pretty much normal
the other mud cleansers they carry do a much better job of that
maybe you need more of one side on a given day- like getting 2 products in one
good stuff but a little more hype then result.
too expensive to not have at least good results.
i know i used a lot more of the clay
or adjusted it so the clay had a bit more than the gel since the gel is a lot more concentrated
t naturally takes a bit more to spread over the face
not that much of the mud
when makeup isn't so much an issue
i think that is too much for a morning cleanser only
i never get pimples much less a breakout
i even tried doing more oil
no made it better except to take it back to sephora
beyond just adding a few drops to your moisturizer there is no real instruction on how to use it
the trouble is in wanting to use it on more makeup days
makes them look worse
i just couldn't spend that much on a moisturizer
went with this one because it was $35 cheaper
this will make it worse
much too pricey to flake off.
my skin looked worse that before i applied it
there are so many better options out there
there are way better products out there
i do not need to look even more pale than i already am
since i have oily skin the white cast eventually decreases not too much longer after it is applied
can make you feel slightly greasy
don't work it into your skin too much
my skin is usually worse around that time of month
how it goes on
was even more attracted to the price
this product dries way out way too much.
other clay masks do a much better job that this very poor
there are other products that can do better
pretty much the only reason i use it
it did leave my face looking a tad brighter
i do feel the warming effect, somewhat.
i think there may be better ones out there.
i could hardly feel the warming effect
not so much eye makeup
i feel like it makes my face a little bit more greasy than usual
in combination with the rest of the origins products that i have purchased my skin has never been worse
but i just spilled more than half of it.
prefer to have a little more hydration in the oil itself
does not make my face smoother
so with all of that
this feels a little heavy
it feels a little suffocating
see if i have better results with it during winter
just left it slightly softer
it makes a nice night cream since it takes a long time for the skin to absorb it
how could they changed a good product to this?
sadly this was a bit too strong for me.
too expensive for what it does i can get a cheaper alternative
it's doesn't work any faster than significantly cheaper masks
it didnt do a good job of clearing my skin i even got more blemishes
i'll probably still use as a spot treatment
probably better to do a test area first.
even sephora brand works better for me.
it's definitely on the heavier side.
my skin was no longer patchy.
i don't have much fine lines
will consider this oil in the future when i need something heavier
i kept trying it because it was so expensive.
its starting to get warmer here
felt that this product would be better suited for someone with drier skin then mine
actually my clinique one does a better job
so far i haven't seen any benefits from this mask
a little goes a long way
it's a little too much trouble for everyday usage
i wasn't sure if i was using too much or too little
it's too much hassle for every day use for me
a positive is that a little goes a long way -- i've used this everyday for 2 months
it was just too heavy
it's way too strong
a little goes a long way.
a tad pricey, but the reviews gave me high hopes.
a little goes a long way.
i gave this more than enough time to see a difference
i did see an improvement with that cream not so much with the dark circles
i think i expected more from it
there are better products out there.
eyes actually look worse than they did when i was using other products
i power though it because i know that it always takes a little time before seeing results-
the stick format is a little tricky to work with
it takes a little more work than i would like with a toddler running around
will probably work better on others
i found the application to be far too messy if i'm in a rush in the morning
gets the job done though.
not even a little bit of a result.
apparently used too much pressure because the stick eroded
i'd rather use a produce that is more typically a mask than this stick format
it was more challenging to spread it out
my stick was a bit "stiffer" than what others are describing
i like the regular boscia cleanser much better.
however the stick is too soft in consistency to really do that
too much in my opinion
it works much better
i'd just prefer that this product be in a tube or something more useful
because i am losing so much product to the packaging choice of boscia
so definitely do not twist more than a teeny tiny little bit out of the tube each time
i see i must have used way too much
a little goes a long way
it left my skin with a sticky feeling no matter how much or how little i used
see if that works better
better for very oily people.
i found this irritated my skin more than anything
so far i am not seeing the same results.
so maybe that was too much
not so much oil as alcohol
if i'm spending this much
i want better ingredients
after 2nd day i did notice my skin is a little smoother
pass on this whole brand as far as i'm concerned.
it's far too expensive for how little product there is
while my skin seem smoother on the days i used it
my skin isn't looking any different than it was before
did not work better than most other products i've tried unless they were ineffective as well then it was the same
i won't restock as i have found others that work better
a little truly goes a long way
the quantity is so little
for a little more i could get a clarisonic that'll last me years
one of these has little r
actually that stuff is a little creamier than gg.
i've tried other exfoliants that work better that aren't nearly as expensive
the sephora ones are much better
my pores just might be too big for this little mask to h
the worse $100 i've ever spent.
also, the smaller version does not last long.
know that it will not last much longer than a month
maybe i used too much
it does make your skin more tight
my skin didn't look much better in the way of pore size or texture after using
there's cheaper products that will deliver the same if not better results
unfortunately it made my skin worse
there are better masks out there
would've been better without all the little chunks
not so much radiance
maybe a good idea for more oilier skins?
expected a lot more from these creme
i expected at least a little bit ofimprovement
it is better than nothing
the skin perfecting lotion works much better for me
i feel like you need more product than i normally would use
my skin did look a little less dull
there is more than enough in each for multiple uses
i used tape, but they still dried out a little.
in fact i had quite a few more in my problem area
i wish they came in better packaging
for the price i got 4-5 uses out of the little pack which was great
it did seem to clear up my skin a little
for the price i expected much more than what it could deliver
i recommend spending a little more
not for long lasting makeup
it does the job of getting most makeup off.
this is just to much for me to take
for the price i actually expected something better
i can find something cheaper that does a better job than this does
for some reason makes my skin feel a bit drier than it should
with a lot more effort than just normal eye makeup remover
which seemed a little wasteful
i did feel that it hydrated my under-eye better than other creams that i was trying at the time
im only 20 with normal skin to i believe this is or more mature skin
it seemed to make my skin look brighter
have not had much luck
hated it because it made my whole face so much lighter
i now use this only in spots i want lighter to match the rest of my face
if anything my skin was slightly more irritated than before
as far as my results
it seemed to work well enough.
it's difficult to apply without using too much of the product
makes me feel like i'm using more product than necessary
my face did seem a bit brighter
usually i've had good luck with clinique products in the past
it could be better
even though a little goes a long way.
actally a little more lines
this made it worse
there are a lot more better products out there
my skin was getting even more dry not better.
the time i tried this i used way too much
i do think it helped a little.
my skin would've been much worse
hurt too bad to even try again.
the new laser is much stronger than the first one i had purchased
would probably be helpful with someone that has lower eye wrinkles
give it one more try
rather than something thicker
more of a quick fix than a skin product
not make it worse
well i tried for a week and so no change.
too expensive for something i'm sure i can find elsewhere
that did seem to help a little
overall too much for combination oily skin people
already my skin feels better
i put on what i would think is way too much
i wouldn't have minded so much
it was far too sticky
i think this might be better suited for oily skin
there isn't that much product for such an expensive price
the renewed hope in a jar works much better for me
if i used too much it left a residue on my face
my night moisturizer is much better
if i combined it with my usual moisture cream it was pretty good
which really is better
nothing actually makes me any younger
overpriced and poorly thought out.
i can find something much less expensive to do that
although it didn't always give me as much moisture as my face needed
i would say its too expensive for what it it
because i couldn't force myself to use it more than a few times
it was a little odd.
and, i also did breakout a little.
a bit too expensive for an average moisturizer.
i only used a little bit
if i used too little it felt like i needed to add more
any drugstore moisturizer probably would have worked the same or better
walk away from this 1 because you have so many more options that are not only better
maybe i am using too much
i went into sephora wanting a better moisturizer than my old clinique one
because i get better moisture from it
while they did get better
the sales associates hyped it so much i decided to go ahead
if you put too much on your skin will crease
i think it may be better as an night treatment coupled with an oil or something
i expect more from my eye cream.
he also wished it had more of that "refreshing awakening" feeling
just ok... i've had better
i didn't use too much or too little
for the price there is much better stuff.
no matter how little you might have put on
i don't see any progress so far
it stings a little bit
tough that this was going to be way better than that product
not for the better
you don't get much product for the money
i can only say that it made my eyes worse
my eyes continually got worse
wish was little bit more richer
in fact it almost seems as though it brought them out more
it has done nothing
first of all i think i used way too much on first try
this new formulation has a much shorter shelf life
i don't think it is any better than any others i have tried for less $$$
did not like this too much.
i've got other masks i like better so going back
would definitely consider it more of a cleanser than a treatment
consistency of clay makes pink a bit harder to spread
this mask actually made my skin worse.
i found that it was a little too harsh for my skin
perhaps it would be better on combo/oily skin.
spend the $95 on better tatcha products.
it is much thicker and tackier than most serums.
there are many serums out there that are better.
was hoping for more of a difference.
not as brightening as is hoped for
almost a little too quickly
i love the product so much that i'm keeping it
then too much comes out
i've never experienced anything so cheaply done on a product
it just provided hydration and nothing more.
why people love it so much
the jar itself looks more pretty in person
i am already having trouble pumping any more product out of the bottle
that have worked so much better
did make me much more oily
more things burn my skin
also one or even a half pump has a lot of product
it hasn't seemed to benefit my skin much, either.
haven't been using it for too long
i don't think it worked better than lower priced moisturizers i've used
you may not have to spend this much to get results
all the rest of my makeup-i no longer had p
i expected a bit more from this
in fact i actually think it might've made my breakouts worse
and if anything made things worse for my skin.
it did help to clear up any breakouts faster than normal
it just made my skin even more transparent
too expensive for no results.
so perhaps that is why
which i actually do like very much
what little there was
i know you have to give a product like this a bit longer
it makes she break out too
also a little goes a long way so it does last.
it does not make my skin worse
it also does not make it better.
i wish i had liked it as much as others..
unfortunately it may be more of a product for combo skin
it is too chemical to the point that my husb
i would also prefer a cleanser that foams up a lot more
i don't find it to offer much more hydration than the cucumber mask
my face actually felt even more dry after each use
i much prefer clay-like masks
it seems like my skin responds better to the clay
maybe if you are more on a normal side you will get better results
simply ok - i've used better
it's the opposite of "a little bit goes a long way"
both which i like very much
their 'eye dew' product is much better if you do want to try the br
off skin if you so much as touch it to spread it
that too felt short
will return because it was 40$ in hopes of getting a different moisturizer that better suits me
more like my skin couldn't breathe through it
like many others the more i try to pat or work it in the more it balls up
it comes off as little balls
it's better for night use
so far the only upside is that it's lightweight
this product was so-so
it feels a little heavy too on first application
i just hope it had a better smell.
i need more results
much more so than if i had used no moisturizer.
i felt i needed more moisture
this product is a little to heavy
throughout the day my t zone got so shiney even my powder wasn't really helping for longer than an hour
doesnt make my skin better
maybe it lightens spots when more than one bottle is used
it did lighten my spots somewhat
moisturizer are doing more than this in evening out my skin
but will use it more and see.
this is nothing more than a primer in a stick.
if you look closer in the mirror they're all still there
just keep on feeling more
the more i use it
this dries out my skin too much
i hoped that maybe it would work better in water
would feel differently against my skin than other soaps i've used in the past
after reading so many good reviews on this product i decided to give it a try to see if i could get a more balanced skin
it seemed to just sit on the surface of my face rather than sinking in
even though it works for some
it makes no difference if i use a lot or a little
to be honest it made my skin worse
they were ones that hurt too
thought maybe it was only for a little bit that this would happen
it's too much of a gamble for me to buy these as i've had issues with both bottles
the t-zone of my combination skin just got steadily worse the longer i used this product
over all i like that one more
i found the consistency of this product to be a bit too thin to really stay on my face well
so much so that i bit the bullet
not to a greater extent than a good foaming face wash or good old egg whites
i can take a little burn
skins feels a little bit brighter after the mask
while my skin seemed a little softer
ok this stuff has so much hype surrounding it
a little definitely goes a long way
my skin does look brighter after i've used it
i've not seen that much of a difference in my skin
honestly i've only noticed my skin being slightly brighter
maybe this product needs more time to actually show its claimed effects?
hopefully i'll see better results
if that is the case then this product is not any stronger than a daily exfoliator
actually the bar soap made my skin worse
my skin wasn't any softer or brighter than the night before
i would not recommend to those who may have more complicated acne
wouldn't absorb well not matter how little product i applied at a time
i wanted to love this so much
a little goes a long way
so hard to swallow so after too much overthinking
this is really more for undereye bags
actually look more tired
thought i might like the "cleaner" ingredients
for $75 bucks i think i'm expecting more.
so far i like it.
maybe it is better for oily skin?
they were much better
i would expect a lot more from something so expensive
it does seem to be lasting quite a long time
it didnt make my skin seem brighter
so this migh be more beneficial for 30
i feel like especially for the price you could get something better than this
i feel i become darker at the end of the day
more than 1 person said the same thing to me
so much so that i don't wear make-up
made it so much worse
needed something to help scaring
skin looks better in the morning
the formula needs to be played with a bit for it to work
maybe broke me out a little
you can definitely find better in another line for this price
i found that i couldn't use it every day i would have to alternate it with something a little stronger to get off the dead skin built up
i never felt like it had actually cleaned my skin as much as stripped it
my skin is worse than it was before i started using it
why so many people seem to like it so much
the more i used it the more my face seemed to break out
you need little product
other than that, i loved it!
seems like this product would be better suited for someone with younger skin
the more you work it into your face
the scent is a little too strong
i also find the price to be a bit on the high considering how much product i have to use quite da can
if you use too little product
find myself using more than i need just to have coverage
i think this product focuses on being fun to use rather than focusing on serious results
i much prefer the sheet masks.
i wonder if the sheets are better
other then a little bit moisture it does nothing
although the effects are not that long-lasting
feeling better than this did
maybe my skin looks tighter
for something so expensive i expected it to last longer
a bit on the expensive side
at times would end up with too much
got a sample of something different which i hope will work better
a little goes a long way
there are so many other great eye creams that are way better
for the price i better
however given the fact it is only 15 ml it doesn't last very long
i feel like my under eyes appear puffier than usual
would have hoped to see results a little faster
it does go a long way
my face actually got worse
my search for a product that fades them even a bit continues
(it even says it on the bottle).
if possible, my eyes look worse than i started.
apparently only some people react well to this ingredient used to lighten spots
if anything, the area is darker.
not one bit of fading.
short version: i found this gave much better results on body than face
to expensive for something that does not work.
there are far better choices out there
i used up the whole bottle hoping it would get better
have wasted a lot of money
this didnt help lighten them what so ever
perhaps it needs longer to show results
if anyone has found a better product i would love to get something different because the scars are very embarrassing
since there are many other serums with much better texture
may be more potent
i paid so much money on it
the spots just get darker
they have faded very slightly
my skin tone looked worse than it did to start with
instead, this made my acne so much worse!!!
some bigger than others.
can't ask for much more for a great skin care regimen
this did nothing for my congestion i think it even made it worse
i figured i'd try this because the price was more reasonable than the tatcha one
have to really work to spread it around
maybe most oils are like this
not be so much "work" to use because the cleansing milk is easy
a little bit goes a long way
more than half the product must've been wasted because product would just spill out no matter how tightly it was shut
i don't think my skin has been worse :-
therefore, did not experience much drying.
my acne wasn't better
it actually was worse
this 28$ cleanser did not make it any better or at least keep it at bay
my t zone is way more oiler than it already was
some days are better than others
the past year has been a rollercoaster going from perfect skin needing little to no maintenance
and it also broke me out even worse!!
so far i am loving it
so far i like it!
see if it gets any better
not only did my skin become rough
only the occasional breakout if i've been eating too much fast food or too tired to wash my face the night before
this product is not good for long term.
my acne hasn't gotten better or worse
actually gave me problems with small little white bumps i did not previously have
there are way too many good skin care products to choose from
i actually think my smile lines are worse?
maybe it works differently on different skin
there's so much better
would rather just wash my face than use this
have different products in my routine that do what this is supposed to do better at a less expensive price
you can get better things for cheaper
need more time to see how well it hydrates as winter approaches
a lot more than what does with my normal cleansing routine
this is just too expensive for what it does.
was i wanting more?
a little goes a long way.
i would try to use this product on nights when i had a little more time
it takes a bit more effort to melt
there are too many other balms that work better in my opinion
i think it made my eyes look worse.
i feel like the results are less than astonishing
i tried it 2 or 3 more times to see if it was just a coincidence
are easier on my skin
it just looks better
i'd rather have more control over the shimmer on my face instead of it being all over--especially since you could definitely see it if looking up-close
usually have to blot sooner than with this
other then a little bit of firmness
it also comes with a little sponge which was hard as a rock when i got it
there are other products that are better for a better price
richness of the product made me fall even more in love
a little bit goes a long way
i'll try to work with it more
hopefully, it'll get better?
this is in no way better then the regular primer.
it dries up very quickly on the face so you end up using a lot more
didn't particularly feel any different than the regular primer
it is a little thinner than the original gel
maybe soaks in a little too much
shame on you omorovicza for charging so much for a bad product
the price is just too high
since you use so little it is more cost efficient
i wear only a little
i do not normally spend this much on one make up product
it had a lot of time to work
i wish i had better news!
