it priced at the same amount as a full size bar
needless to say i will not be purchasing the ridiculously priced full size
i used a sample size.
did not buy the full size product
i ordered the travel size elsewhere because i was considering buying the full size of it
i would get a sample of this before paying for a full size of this
the full size container is tiny
bought the full size
glad i tried a sample of this before buying full size
i used a conservative amount considering i only have a sample size
even when only using a tiny amount
i will buy the full size after sampling this though
was surprised when i saw the price of the full size
the pore much more larger
the bottle holds a generous amount
got the full size
i would not recommend buying the full size without trying it out first
because the full sizes are expensive
i definitely won't be buying the full-sized product
i'd never purchase a full size
stuck with full size
would i buy a full size of it?
upon viewing the price of the full size bottle
an overall "smaller" pore size
i will not be purchasing the full size
won't purchase the full size
40 ounces of pretty much the exact same thing
was excited to buy the full size
i would not purchase a full size.
won't be purchasing the full size
didn't pay for a full sized product otherwise i would have returned it
i will not be purchasing a full-size of this product
i won't be purchasing this in full size.
along with sample sizes of 2 origins masks
even though i only use a small amount of product
the fact that you barely needed to use more than the p sized amount
i wouldn't buy this in full size.
you get very small amount of product.
got the travel size to try
purchased the larger size
is attached to the cap
such as shrinking pore size
bought the full sized product and returned it.
for the size of the container
as a sample it was fine for the full sized cost it is not worth it
have not yet seen results worthy of the cost of the full size product
i will definitely not be purchasing the full size
i got a trial size of this
by a full sized bottle
i wish they sold a smaller version.
i got this full size bottle in a black
when i got the full size products i was surprised at the size
returned to buy the smaller size as i really wanted to work
glad i did not buy the full size.
i got the smaller size which is basically the size of a point perk
when i used even a small amout it just turned white
there is no way i would purchase the full size of this
i won't be purchasing the full size
not the full size because it would be going right back
it does not give you volume or length.
obviously had to order the full size
i ended up buying the full size after much deliberation
won't be purchasing a full size.
the pump shot out the smallest amount of product
i just ordered the full size
bought the full size
it's a large bottle size
i used a super tiny amount
purchased the full size
pricey for the size but loved the mask!
i'd prefer to pay more for a larger size.
starting with using a very small amount
more into larger product amounts
would not purchase a full size
decided to purchase full size
while i wouldn't likely purchase a larger version
i used the full trial size in my play box over a month in july
use a very small amount
i wanted to love this -- even bought a full size after using a deluxe sample on
i don't think i will purchase the full size product
will not be purchasing a full size
i would buy the full size
probably wouldn't buy the full size
i'd never purchase a full size
i've used about 3/4 of the full sized product
i would have returned this if i had purchased a full size product
i probably wouldn't purchase a full-sized version of this
i will not be purchasing the full size
i will not be purchasing the full size version
ordered the full size
can't imagine a full size one at full size price point lasting very long
fun to try but i wouldn't purchase the full size.
decided to try a sample size
i've used entire jar now
the jar was only about 3/4 full.
won't be purchasing the full size
will not be purchasing full-size product
definitely will not be purchasing the full size.
when my sample runs out i might consider to purchase a full size
was only half full
they increased in size
i don't think i'll be purchasing the full size
i wouldn't buy the full size.
good price for the size of the tube
i got a deluxe sample size of this mask as a reward with my last purchase
three small sizes of their other products
bought the full size product because i loved the warming sensation
for that price at least fill up the tube
not worth the money for product and size.
i got a smaller size of this to try
finally got a trial size of it
probably will not buy full size
def not buying the full size jar
is it bigger in the full size product?
'm not going to buy the full size
it was disappointing for what the price of a full-sized product would cost
used a generous amount of this
will not be purchasing the full sized product
a generous amount in the jar
just bought the full size product without much of a concern about it failing
even when i used only small amounts
i wish my local store had the smaller size as a little bit goes a long way
didn't pay for the full size
need a large amount to fully cover face.
consider getting a sample before buying the full size product
don't think i'll be purchasing the full size
i would not purchase this product in full size as it smells terrible
got a sample size loved it purchased the full size
the price is too high for such a small amount
i used a small amount
bottle size seems big.
wouldn't purchase a full tube
because i was thinking about buying the full size
because i can't return or exchange it like i'd be able to if i had purchased the full size
i first swatched a small amount on my h
i applied a pea sized amount to my whole face
i ordered the full size.
shine will keep me from not buying the full size
i did not get the full size for this product
it was a decent size sample
the size i received was pretty small
from the short time i have been using it i cannot see myself purchasing the full size
i did not purchase a full jar
will buy a full bottle soon
the size you get is just not worth it
legitimately was convinced they had accidentally sent me the travel size for the full sized price
you can buy other travel size face washes for about the same price per ounce
i used a full pump
glad i didn't buy the full size product
if i use more than a pea size amount
it was tons better than the full size
i definitely won't purchase the full size version
n30 on the coverfx color scale
i'll buy my argan oil in larger quantities from the convenience store
i would never buy the full size at that price
i used the $20 travel size daily
i now want the full size
i wanted to buy a full size
i also start with a tiny amount
i only used a pea size amount to cover both my face
there is no possible way i could use the full size jar up in 3 months
$ if i were to buy the full size
not a full size purchase
it was a fraction of the cost
i got a deluxe sample size of this in the play iconic box
rather than throwing money down the drain on a full size that's $80
only need a tiny amount to clean the entire face
i would suggest get a sample to try before purchasing a full size
not be purchasing the full size of this
glad i didnt purchase the full size
wont be buying the full size
i've tried using a smaller amount
then purchased the full size one
i ordered this in the small size specifically for a month long trip coming up
not worth the price for the full size.
i wouldn't purchase the full size
i only applied the pearl size amount as suggested
all i know is that i won't be purchasing the full size
with a pea sized amount
i decided to go for it despite the small listed size
the "full size" is about the size of a normal sample you can pick up at sephora
you only need a small amount to cover your whole face
it's less than half its original size
maybe 5 washes it's about half the size it was
it's half the size
it has already shrunk to half its size
it's almost half it's original size
it's already shrunk to 1/2 it's original size
its a very small package
won't purchase full size.
would not buy the full size tried it for pores
is pricey for the small amount
you really get a tiny amount in a large container
i definitely won't be buying the full size
the size of the bottle is decent for the price
would i buy the full size product for this benefit?
also did not reduce the overall size
for the price it was of good size.
used a full mini pot
i recommend buying the smaller version first to test it out
i decided to use a small amount on my face
5oz size to give it a try
i applied a pea sized amount to my clean face every night
for how much i spent on the small size
i loved the travel size i had.
i did it again using a generous amount of product
it's not special enough to replace with a full size
probably wouldn't buy full size
bought the full size
the container is small
the cap is like half the size of the container.
the size of large blemishes
not enough to go buy a full sized bottle after i'm finished with the small one i got from my plau box
plus every single time i use it
i will no buy the full size
bought the full size
i decided to buy the full size
i received a mini size
i got the travel size
purchased the travel size to just give it a try.
i won't be buying the full size
not at the cost of a small oil spill
won't be buying the full size.
especially seeing that the full size serum is $79
this is just too expensive for the size
i decided to get the smaller size to use as an exfoliator once a week
on such a small size that doesn't do much
purchased this in the hopes that it would reduce my pore size
unfortunately they cut back the size from 8
this has not reduced the size of my pores
the pores size is the same
the size is of product is ok
they have travel size which cost only $45.00.
more than a pea size
i would not purchase the full size
it's also a good price and a good size.
love the size, .76 oz.
which is why i won't be purchasing the full size
i just came back to purchase the full-size
i wouldn't buy the full size.
i recently purchased the 1 oz size at a gr
so unfortunately will not purchase a full size after the sample
i decided to buy the full product.
i won't be buying the full size because i can find better
i got the smaller size as a sample as part of a subscription service
i used this full size bottle up completely before writing this review
i got the smaller size
so expensive for the size
purchased the smaller size for a proper trial run
i used a pea-sized amount along my t-zone
i will not be purchasing the full size
i got the small size
i got the smaller size
i then used one of the full sized ones
can't really justify spending 60 bucks on the full size
pricey for the size.
i got this full size tube from allure giveaway
each time i use a palm size
i would not purchase a full size only because i wouldn't be able to use it on my face
i would not personally buy the full size or use again
i used a tiny amount of product
that you only have to use a small amount to cover the area
tried a pea size amount
then i tried half a pea size
i personally wouldn't buy the full size
so when i decided to purchase the full size
the small version was great.
the full-size is not like the small one in the set
it's a smaller size for the same price!!
once i received the full size product the results weren't the same
approximately your skin's turnover cycle length
i went through a full size jar of this
the bottle was only about 3/4 full.
wished this came in a smaller size.
i ended up purchasing the full-size tube when i finished the small one because i really like this overnight cream
the bar is large in size
it was a good size
i only use a tiny bit on a small affected area
the tiny jar to get the amount that i wanted
only wish it minimized pore size.
i would have splurged on the full-sized product
it was only half full of product
would consider purchasing the full size if not for the scent
considering this bottle is the size of my thumb
i find it absolutely hysterical that the smaller size is listed as $20
you receive a nice size jar
which has this toner in a small sample size
am grateful i didn't waste my money on a full size package
didn't had to purchase full size
i doubt i will be running out to buy the full size when mine is done
i would purchase the full size
incredibly thankful that i only got a sample in the store instead of buying the full size
i ordered a full size
even if i only use a tiny amount of product.
i used a small amount over my face
i want a full-size badly
advise starting with a small amount
i think for the price of this cream i will not be buying a full size jar
i didn't want to pay $90 for a full size
will not waste my money to buy full size
i can't believe the price of the full size!
won't buy a full size
would not pay $112 cad for the full size product
it should be sold in a smaller size at a lower price point
got a generous size in a fresh set
glad i tried it as a value set instead of the pricier full size
like other reviews state a tiny pea size is all you need
you only need a tiny amount
you need the tiniest amount
i don't think it's worth it to buy the full size
have at least 3 of the small sizes i will use up
for the price this will last a long time since you only need a pea size
most likely will not be purchasing the full size of this product
even if i use a tiny amount
it was a expensive product in a tiny container.
omly purchased the travel size in my search for a new moisturizer
won't be buying the full size.
i wouldn't buy the full size for myself though.
decided i liked it enough to buy the full size when i ran out
i got it full size in a kit with other products
i will not be purchasing the full size
huge container for a very small amount of product
i would try a sample size before purchasing it.
had a large sample size which i found lovely in the summer months
would never purchase the full size bottle
even in small amounts
decided to buy the full size
bought the full size product --- the sample works much better
is a different consistency than is the full size
will definitely not be buying the full size version of this
i used up the small size that came in the value pack
i would never buy the full size
by the full size
so use a tiny amount in the morning
decided to use a mini of this recently
purchase the full size
thankfully i didn't buy a full size
the small sizes do literally nothing.
opted for the smaller size
the biggest size work well.
ordered the smallest size of this
got this in a smaller version
not sure if i will end up buying the full-sized version
didn't splurge for the full size
i am glad i only bought the trial/travel sized version with several seperate little ampoules of product
didn't waste money on the full size
if you buy the smaller size with the little ampoules
i only purchased the little pods
also did not so much for pore size.
after committing to buying the full-sized product
ordered the full size
what i really do think is great is that the smaller sized jar is a full 2 ounces rather than the 1 to 1
also that there is an "economy sized" 4 oz
even though i only applied a small amount
i deciced to invest in the full sized product.
also the bottle is really small for the price.
i found that my pore size somewhat growth
i don't notice any difference in my undereye bags when i use the full size version
when i eventually purchase the full size version
so i splurged & bought the full size.
i only need a small amount
ordered the bigger size
bought the full size
the fragrance in the full sized was much stronger than the sample
the smell alone will not get me to try it on my face or purchase a full size
i will not purchase the full size due to the fragrance
when i received the full size i ordered online i was disappointed
the smallest amount for that price
this works for a small time
i noticed a reduction in size
i got this full size with the travel sized day
i only use two pea-sized dots of it twice a day
won't buy the full size.
was excited when the full size was finally in stock at my store
it was a sample size
ordered the full size
it only requires a tiny amount to clean the entire face
i recommend getting a sample before buying the full size
i only tap on a very small amount
i've tried using smaller amounts of the product
bought the full size
i don't think i will be purchasing a full size
then put even the smallest amount of make up on top of it
in a larger size of container
i would not purchase a full size jar of this moisturizer
the container is large
get a significant size sample
bought the full size
was so cheap that i wanted to buy the full size
it's a fairly large box with a large cap.
you're starting at a small amount of gel for the price
this product definately helped reduce the size
it looks like that size is no longer available.
it is very expensive for a small amount though!!
recommending that i use about a pea sized amount
i used two full jars of this
when i finally purchased the full size i was very disappointed
i got the smaller jar
when it came time to purchase the full size i was expecting the same outcome
this came in my playbox with a large amount of product surprisingly
won't purchase the full size
full size doesn't tighten as much as i would like
i also tried to put the smallest amount
i even used tiny amounts
only if you use the tiniest amount
when i used it i only put tiny
you only need a small amount
purchased the full size
i know i would definitely not purchase the full size because of that fact
i would advise starting with a small amount
i would not purchase the full size product.
not for half that amount
i got the full size because i trust ole henriksen
i didn't buy the full size
have a tiny sample size
i would put a small amount on my fingertips
i would get acquire a sample first to make sure your skin agrees with the product before buying the full size
even using the small amount that i was using
the full-size product was over $90
even though one can see 1 oz printed on the bottle
the container is a reasonable size
i wouldn't use this if someone gave me a full size jar for free
bought the large jar
i got a smaller size using my points.
i can apply a generous amount
could get a full-size clinique skin care product with the then current sephora promotion
when i got my rogue 20% off coupon i decided to splurge on the large size
refill it with the large size
good value for the size.
i'll use up the rest of the full sized jar i was given
use a pea-sized amount!
i asked for the smallest size possible
she said the full size is the only one that exists?
only use a pea sized amount with a little water
the bottle is almost the same size as a deluxe sample from sephora
it failed to reduce its size
although the bottle is small
i only applied a very small amount
i wished i had tried a sample before buying the full size
ask for a sample or get one of the small sizes
i wouldn't purchase the full size of this one.
i apply very small amount
did not see a difference in pore size.
glad i just purchased the one time size.
defiantly buy the small $4 pod you get at least 4 uses out of it
i wouldn't buy the full size
see no reduction in bump size
i couldn't even use up my generously sized sample
the actual amount is so small
it is not cheap for such a small amount
probably won't purchase the full size.
will definitely purchase of definitely purchase full size
once i invested in a normal size jar i was disappointed
can use only the smallest possible amount.
i ordered the smaller size of this after reading all the positive reviews
used up a deluxe size sample
for the amount that i use
i would not buy the full sized product
by the time i got to the bottom of the full size product my face was flaky
i only have to use a tiny amount
settle for a sample size of this wild rose cream
didn't invest in the full size
i will not be purchasing the full size
after reading the great reviews i immediately bought the bigger jar
i only ordered the small $19 container
i might purchase the full size for winter.
the mini is the perfect size to give it a whirl without committing to the larger
really disappointed in the size of fresh products
i would definitely consider ordering a full-size bottle after the sample runs out
i would not buy the full size bottle
pretty pricey for such a small amount.
this size is small
kind of expensive for the size
this is an obscene amount of money for the size of the product
i dished out the $26 for a thimble-full
it was a nice compact size to take in my bag
especially for the small amount
the amount pictured is the entire contents.
because i didn't get a full size
only a small amount is needed
i just used the trial size of this
i noticed a huge difference on my pore size when i used this item
i may eventually buy the full size to give it a fair shake
its a good sized sample
s in full-pump quantity
not a great difference in pore size
something in this makes me break out will not be purchasing full size
will use the full bottle
2 stars for the size.
even if i use a fraction of a pump
i just think for a tiny bottle at this price
even when i use a tiny drop.
i only bought the small $9 bottle.
glad they offer such a small size.
so glad i got this small size
glad i had the small size
i used the size of a dime every day
such a small amount of product
i only applied a tiny amount
bought a full size bottle to have when sample ran out
maybe the pump works for the full size?
i mean love the full size of this mask
only in the full size
i later purchased the full size since i liked the sample so much
i'd buy it full-size in a heartbeat- if i were made of money
i'd love to see it available in a smaller size
with a proportionally smaller price tag
not sure this sample size will be enough product to determine the benefits
i too bought the sample size with 100 points.
i even tried applying a smaller amount
i gave 3 stars because i wish it was in a larger size
i wish it was a bigger size or it was cheaper
i like that the full size comes in a jar that dispenses just the right amount to use
do not buy a full size!
one size is not fits all
since you only need a pearl sized amount
i might try using a smaller amount of product
is best used when you scoop out a small pea sized quantity
i put a dime sized amount on my face after washing
the jar is pretty big compared to the amount of product inside
do not get the larger size of this.
i used a little amount
i then purchased the full size
the smaller container is $22
the size of the bottle for the price is reasonable
i only used a small pea sized amount.
i then purchased a full sized product
i will be returning the full size immediately.
i received this in a deluxe size.
i got a small size as part of a fresh set
i would recommend buying the smaller size to see how your skin reacts
i've tried using a generous amount
bought the travel size
the jar was only 2/3 full
my pores seem to be the same size
no change in pore size at all.
got the full size of the serum
you only need one pea size pump for both eyes
i just finished the full size.
i ordered this full size
i will be returning the full size.
just buy the smaller sized one
buy the small size to try before you invest
also the .5 size is tiny.
it's a very small pack size
would not buy full size
i used a very small amount
using the smallest amount still didn't do the trick
even the description of the full sized product are totally unclear
the size of my pores looks a little smaller
it was more like a sample size.
i got this in a smaller size as part of a set
i would not buy the full size
i recommend getting a sample to see if you react to it before paying for the full size
spent $20 on the smaller size
would not purchase regular size
would not purchase the full size of it.
i got the midsize bottle
admittedly the sample size was minuscule
the package is really small
i absolutely would not spend almost $60 on a full size container
i do not think i will pick up a full size of this
i didn't pay attention to the size.
will not spend $58 for full size
got the large bottle
this is such a small amount
the size not worth the price
the full-size version
buy the full size before i tried it
i don't think i'd ever order the full-sized
so bought the full version
the amount you get is a little too small for the price
i used the full 1
after using a full bottle
i didnt see a difference in my pore size
there is a small amount of fragance in this product
i got the smaller size of this to use for my foundation
spend $14 on the travel size one :/
good i try the small size, but will not purchase.
i got the smaller bottle
my full size purchase makes my skin feel a little dry after use
i will say that i would not purchase the full size
glad i just bought a travel size.
got the travel size as a gift
tried a little travel size
not sure if i will purchase a full-size
you get a very good amount for the smaller size they offer
maybe the larger size of this product
i got the smaller size
while fortunately i just bought the smallest size
no reduction in pore size
if you apply a generous amount
on the plus side a very tiny amount is needed
nice effects but not worth the full size price.
not sure yet if i will buy the full size.
it is not worth buying the full size for me
i got a nice size of this oil in one of the sets
i tried carefully each time i used the product to only a small amount
as winter rolled around i decided to get the full size
i will not be buying the full-size.
this is a really large bottle
pro- only need the smallest amount to cover your face
less than a pea size amount foams more than enough
the full size is too expensive for me
i am hoping they can make a bigger size tube.
i wouldnt purchase the full size though because it does not remove my minimum makeup
i revived this in the sample size
i got the 100 point deluxe size of this
immediately thought i would be purchasing the full size
as i reach the end of the full-size
even when i use a tiny amount
glad i got the sample, and not the full size!
i will not buy the full size
or reduced pore size.
i went through an entire full size tube
i will use up the small size i had for night time hydration
not sure if i will be purchasing the larger bottle
i will be buying the larger size separately because i enjoyed using it so much
these are the reasons that i will be purchasing the full size the next time i visit
you have to use a large amount to cover your face
would not spend a red cent on a full size of this product
yes, i used a pea sized, if not smaller amount.
i would not repurchase this is a small or full size because there are better
it's the smallest amount of product ever
bought the full size product
felt that for the size of the bottle i had to use more than expected to cover my face
5oz size available for $36
i see they have now discontinued that size
only offer a 1oz size for $68
5oz size because you only need a few drops daily
at night you use a modest amount
for people struggling with pore size
even with a small amount
i'll make it work till the sample size is gone
if they made it in a lighter shade i would buy the full size in a heartbeat
for $55 for this tiny bottle
the travel size one is a better purchase
try a sample before purchase the full size
don't think i will purchase this in the full size
i promise i use like a 1/4 of a pea size amount.)
i might purchase the full size to see if using it longer gives better results
i left it on for the maximum amount of time
definitely won't be purchasing the full size
thank goodness i only bought the travel size.
got the full size
i would not spend the money on the full size of this
i completely finished the full size jar.
will not be buying the full size version
i won't be purchasing the full size
i got a new small size this month for traveling
loved it so much that i decided to buy the full-size
use a very small amount
bought the large size bottle
i wouldn't buy the full size.
i wouldn't buy the full size
am glad i dint buy the full size
not purchase the full size
then bought the travel size
looks a lot different than the full sized product
the full size of this item
the bottle is super tiny
it is a little small for the price
would not order a full size
seeing the price of the full size product
the first full size bottle worked quite well
will not be buying a full sized product.
that i shelled out the money for the full size product
very grateful i didn't pay all that money for the full sized
i used the full sized product every day morning
so...purchased the full size.
decided to buy the full-size
no reduction in pore size
very disappointed in the actual size of product for the price
i don't know if the full sized is less concentrated
you only get 1/2 the size of the bottle
it didn't help with my pore size
i got the travel-size version of this to keep in my gym bag
i just finished my first full size bottle
i finally found the mini size of this cleanser
which luckily i did buy the small size not the full size
i certainly will not by the full size
when i got the full size product
glad i tested it out with the smaller size first.
make sure to try the little versions before purchasing the large bottles
after using the entire trial size
immediately got the full size
purchased the smaller size from the manufacture to try it out before i committed to the product
only takes a pea-sized amount to wash face
the only con would be the product is like a sample size
you only get a tiny amount
this product helped to a small extent
compared to the price of the full bottle
after spending a pretty penny on the full size
i decided to spring for the full size expecting to have smooth
it was the deluxe size
other ptr masks before buying a full size tub
for the full size
not sure it does much for pore size
nothing can change their size
i got a small 2oz sample size
with the full size bottle
pearl sized amount for night time
purchased the full size
a week into my full size bottle
did not actually buy a full size
glad i only bought the sample size.
expensive for such a small quantity.
thankfully i did not waste my time on the full size
won't be purchasing this in a full size.
bought the full size product
i will not be buying the full size
glad i tried the sample instead of full size purchase
if it is it will require a large amount of product--
maybe you should try a sample before investing in a full size like i did
did not have to buy the full size
comes in a smaller package
you only get a small amount of product
decided to purchase the full size
make the component smaller to better accommodate the contents
the size is deceiving
the hole should be smaller.
bought the full $115 product
also disappointed with the small amount of product for the price
even getting the smallest amount on my finger
it has definitely reduced the size of my pores
i picked up the large size
bought the full size
i used up the whole small size over about a month
i used an entire full sized bottle with no issues
now with smaller size bottle it's been breaking me out
i will not be purchasing the full size!
the experience was enough to keep me from purchasing a full size
does not reduce pore size
i wouldn't buy the full size.
will not buy the full-sized product
with the smallest amount of slip to it
thankfully i didn't buy the full size.
i went to buy a larger version
wouldn't buy the full-sized due to the high price
i will not purchase this full size as it didn't work for me
based on the size of the container
the smaller version is just a sample size that lasts maybe 2 weeks if you stretch it
i would request ordering the smallest size first or getting a sample before purchasing
glad i got the small size
i thankfully bought the small one
paid the hefty sum for a sample size of this product to test it out
take up space in the already very small jar
i'll be ordering the large bottle
a decent amount of small ones
this is the smallest amount of product/mask i have ever received for the price
probably half the size of other masks i have purchased
i am almost finished with my full size
i used a full bottle of this
they weren't on the bottle because i have a sample size
given the expense of this product i ordered the half ounce size
even when using the smallest amount
use only a small amount of best results.
immediately purchased the full size
now that i spent the money for a full size
saw the product the size looks like a travel size
perhaps i'm not using it to its full capacity?
i wouldn't buy the full size of this one
wanted to try others w/o investing in a full size
for the price of the full-size product
good thing i didn't purchase the full size
will not purchase the full size product.
and it's quite a small size for the price.
its already half its size if not slightly smaller
my other main issue with this item is the size.
when i got the full size product i used it for about 2 weeks
won't be buying any more full sizes
anyway, i don't think i will buy the full size.
i tried this as a smaller size in the rise + glow duo
i should have brought the small size to try first
getting the travel size
from the sample i decided to buy full size
i will definitely not be purchasing the full size
the size of the bottle is good for a week or so.
will probably not purchase full size
since the egg-sized portion seemed like a bit much
i do wish it came in various sizes
use a small amount only on the spots that need it
buy the full sized one
would not purchase a full size of this.
will not purchase full-size
will not purchase full size.
i wouldn't purchase the full size
i will go through the small container i have
it costs a lot of money for the full size
which is a big plus
