: giving it 2 stars bc it's somewhat cooling
takes it's time bonding
a good cream, but not worth $135.
it's a good thing i got the sample first because it's not cheap
why why why is this sooooooo expensive?
it's good, but not $135 good.
it's way too sticky for me
maybe its good for super hyper mega oil skin type
it's my first trying tatcha product.
wasn't a miracle product for me
but for $135, it's really not worth it.
my skin is super-sensitive so maybe it's just me
for some reason it like dried out my face which is irony because it's oil?
bc of that it made my face feel tight
i really love the consistency of this product- it's light-weighted
maybe it's not enough
it's a fun mask to use
nothing crazy just a bit of discomfort
the ingredient deck didn't thrill nor make me weary of the product
'm in the middle because it's a cool mask
it's a super cool looking mask when you put it on
kinda fun looking like the tin man lol
too expensive of a mask to just use for the fun factor
this mask is super cool
it's fun to put on
for the price i just don't think it's worth it
....but it's so much fun.
it makes me feel like a robot or an alien or something
it was fun to peel
the thing wasn't even full
smells great btw and the silver is cool.
but the size of it is a bummer.
i honestly don't think it's worth the money
this mask is very pricey for what it actually does
it's fun but too expensive.
they're definitely more helpful
i think it's too expensive
it's my suggestion to get a tester before you purchase
not overly joyful with this product.
it's really fun to apply
shockingly didn't hurt either
this stuff is so cool to apply
because it is legit silver
it's really beautiful to look at.
i can't spend $69 on fun
for the price point it's just okay
so far, not my fave.
it's one of the most fun masks on the market.
firmer it's actually not good for the skin
i sadly used too much
this didn't do anything for me the colour is fun it's fun to peel off
this mask seems so over hyped to me.
the hype over this mask
i kind of felt like this was just a fancy alone vera gel
this was a little too sticky for my liking
i don't hate it, but i think it's just okay.
it wasn't anything amazing
it leaves this weird sticky feeling behind that i don't really like
think it's the culprit
it goes on kinda sticky.
it's not an awful product
it's a clear gel that feels pretty lightweight
it's pretty useless honestly
it's been breakout city
now it just kindof makes my fave feel right
this one is just meh
this just wasn't for me
that's about the only good thing.
it wouldn't be the worst product
it is sooooo sticky
it's annoying when you're rushing
it's not very de puffing
the so called ball on the end is gimmicky
but it's weird only the sample works on me.
a little goes a looong way.
for the price, it's an okay eye cream.
it's not worth the hype
it's probably better suited for younger skin
it is pretty greasy
it's not worth it
it's so hard to get product out
it's too heavy and just sits on top.
this is great for a twenty something with fair skin who wants to look less sleepy or hungover
it's kindof hard for me to review an eye cream because i don't really have problems with my eye area
this was terribly heavy and oily for me.
this says it's a cream
it's hard to give a fair rating for this.
although it is a bit pricy
pretty inconvenient when wearing make up.
not only that it's terribly greasy going on.
it seems to take alot of cream for coverage
it's a bit too thick
it's fine for the winter
thankfully though, it doesn't sting.
in the meantime, it's fine.
it's a pretty good moisturizer, not amazing.
it's not cheap stuff though
feel it's a bit heavy for my combination skin
it's a huge bummer to have spent one hundred points
the pads are a joke- the product doesn't tingle
so i’m dumb and bought this outright.
this product is horrid.
it's super expensive and does absolutely nothing.
sadly not this mask
less there's some miracle
way too much money for this gimmick
so far it's fine
idk it was pretty expensive
so perhaps that is why it's a bit too heavy for me
i don't have a bunch of wrinkles
the ingredients list freaks me out
i really don't care for the way this stuff dispenses
this is just a souped up version of kate's dermalquench
it's not a stellar product in my opinion
this simply isn't the case.
it's more expensive than many
which i stupidly do
however it's nothing special
but oh, honey, it is!
it's too expensive to just be a cleanser
my skin still isn't the way i'm used to
perhaps the formula just isn't for me.
this is a nice fash wash
i did like how gentle and non-irritating it was.
its cool that it's black
so silly me thought that it was a face mask
it's strange because i have
it's not worth s
it didn't feel like it was decongesting
it's okay, but far from great.
no fun, too expensive, and negative results
i suppose it's just a preview of what is to come as i age?
the rollerball is awful
it's a shame i used them all
it's a good, no frills moisturizer.
it's not worth 100 pts that's for sure
it's a decent moisturizer nothing makes it crazy special however if i'm going to spend $40 on moisturizer i'm gunna get a better br
overall i give it 3 stars because i'd think it's too expensive for a pretty generic product
it balls up which is kinda weird
i think it's an alright product overall.
it's a nice lightweight cream by itself
my breakouts were so bad that it wasn't worth the little bit of hydration it gave
it does make me very shiny
not as good, but close and cheap.
i usually really like ole henricksen products
this one is a dud
this stiuff is simply overpriced for something easy to whip up in your own kitchen
it's not as "refreshing" as the product name implies
my preference is a product that's a little foamier
but it was a tad bit too drying for me.
didn't give my skin that uber clean feeling either
this isn't too bad.
i wouldn't think of it as terrible.
i love this brand but this mask stinks so bad.
it's also not terrible
i've kinda got used to it tho
but for me it wasn't too much at all.
i just don't want a smelly product in my collection
maybe i got a bad bottle
did nothing of note- it's also rather thick
this was a "meh" for me.
but i don't think it's a perfect match for me.
it's cloying and just plain irritating.
perhaps there's an ingredient in there that my skin didnt like
is not "ridiculously glowy"my skin still looks the same except it's not as smooth
it just felt tacky
it wasn't as good as i thought
their packaging is so cute
this salve is alright, but definitely overpriced.
oh man is it thick
it's really difficult to get out of the container
the packaging are both silly
it's overpriced for an oil blend
i would give this more stars if it wasn't for the rollerball packaging
goes on patchy because it's a rollerball
it just wasn't special.
it's just another oil.
it's a nice oil, but nothing earth-shattering.
this product is insanely overpriced
for the amount you're getting
it only comes in a rollerball apparently
i didn't notice any wow-worthy moisturization if i used it at night
it's done absolutely nothing for my skin.
i don't think it's dense enough for very dry skin
overall there's nothing bad about this
as it's very low quality
since it's not a liquid
it's not at all cooling.
it's has no use.
what i am unsure of is the tackiness of the product
then it's like "ok???
this product was so "meh...".
this product just wasn't for me
product wasn't bad, but wasn't good either.
the packaging is cute to boot
first take: i like that it's small
this feels like putting deoderant on your face haha
cooling but a little tacky after.
it's refreshing if you put it in the fridge
kinda just leaves a weird residue on it
that wasn't the problem
maybe my eyes are just not able to be de-puffed haha
it's an okay product!
it's definitely not life changing
i feel fancy using it bc the packaging is so nice
i think it's a cool product
it's way cheaper too
i don't mean "it smells like a type of flower i don't like" bad
the wide tube is also kind of clunky
it's not sticky which is nice
there's nothing very special about this product
a thing that i like about this is that it's pretty
yes it is refreshing
for the cute look 2 stars.
let's break it down
guess that was a plus
it is not completely bad
it's not skin perfecting
sadly i couldn't do it!
nasty i hated this product i wouldn't recommend this product either
it's okay but i don't think i'll be repurchasing.
there's nothing special in it
apparently it's supposed to help masks spread easier?
i don't feel like it's a need.
weren't feeling very creative
this is just pointless
skip this needless step.
after reading reviews i see most people think it's pointless
seemed gimmicky, i didn't really see any results.
as far as i'm concerned this is absolutely worthless
this seems a bit gimmicky
this is just wishful thinking
this spray is, to me, pointless.
but this is just silly.
maybe it's more helpful for hard to spread masks
this product unfortunately is pure gimmick.
its just a glorified toner, really.
i knew this item was gimmicky
oh buy i thought wrong
thought maybe this was just my dry skin freaking out
it's not terrible but i wouldn't buy it again.
it also has a pretty offputting smell that i can't quite place
i truly thought tarte was foolproof...
it's really distracting and nauseating.
it's a nice face cleaner, just nothing special!
i enjoy that fact that it's vegan
it didn't really offer a great cleanse
maybe i got a bad bottle?
tarte makes good products but not this one.
i couldn't get it to lather
it does not get too sudsy which was nice
the packaging is super cute
then i started getting soooo many pimples all over my face
so far it hasn't
this stuff was awful
it looked nice that goes to show don't judge a book by it's cover
the big con for me is that i don't feel like it "improved the appearance of fine lines
it felt kinda heavy
i don't think it's because my skin absorbs it quickly
it's not worth to try
there are way too many unpronounceable
they've ruined a great line by taking away purely nourishing
it's actually a bit scary how severe the reaction was
this product just isn't for me
i honestly don't think it's worth the price
it's a beautiful oil though.
i think the bottle looks really pretty on my vanity
was iffy about trying it because the ingredient list didn't seem great
i think this is a flop to me
i figured since it was so pricey
this was just too greasy
i don't think it's making it dry
it's very thin which normally i would be ok with
so it's supposed to be this magical product.
so thats one good thing
i love this oil because it's light weight
i can't tell if it's highly fragranced or if it's natural
it was cheap plastic
it doesn't blend it well
it's not lightweight its actually thick.
this isn't the one
find something that isn't so harsh on my skin
run out the door it's super super super patchy
heard people saying it's great for oily skin types
i mean it's moisturizers like it's supposed to
but my face felt so tacky and sticky.
tarte seems to have gone really downhill
i don't think it's the best for me
dull skin i thought this would be perfect
it just wasn't for me
i really wanted to like this product because it's tarte
made it all flakey
can't tell if it's doing it's job because i'm oily most of the time
it wasn't a waste of money
i wasn't expecting much
it was very messy to use
now that i got the packaging it of the way let's get to the product
it's like they forgot to put the serum in.
cool concept that you're putting gold on your eyes
it's very gentle on that area
for $36 it's a little bit steep for a simple eye moisturizer
it's good if you're not wearing any makeup it lasted me for 4 months
it's not a bad product
this is really fiddly to get out of the jar.
it's almost like jello
so odd it's so raved about.
guess if it's super hot out i could use it to cool down that's about it
used it a few times, but nada.
feel of this oil sort of grosses me out
it is just mediocre
my face is still tacky
it's unimpressive for my skin
it's supposed to be floral i guess
not made me sting is one that is astronomically expensive
i guess if it ain't broke don't fix it?
it's a great night cream
it's actually like a light baby pink :d not that it matters
it's a little difficult because there's so little product
it's still too golden
that i'm sure this works wonders for anyone that isn't glowing white pale like i am
it's still a little too heavy for me
i didn't really like this product just because my face is already super oily
having the flip cap part is very clever.
firm cream as it's called
but using it as a cream, it's terrible.
it's not too intense for a beautifully soft
it is a bit pricey for a highlight
redness you'll look even more silly with this on because it'll just add attention to it
i think the glitter is obvious
i feel like this product is a little overpriced for the small tube you get
there's a lot to love about this face cream
it's a great overnight cream
it's rich but not too greasy (i have oily skin).
it's not that it's a bad product per say
it's just that it's okay
thought "oh this might actually be good as a summer moisturizer
i can't say that it's intense hydration
or is it because of it's super quick absorption?
it's super light weight
it's hard for me to break out
i kept thinking maybe it's this product
nope it's just their entire line that breaks me out
got this in de let's b clear set
don't feel like i've waisted my money on this product
it feels tacky on the face
stayed tacky far longer than i like
isn't greasy in my t zone
it's too bad they changed the formula.
it's not an awful product
it definitely isn't something to rave about either
which means it isn't really absorbing
it's a odd mask i'm personally not a fan of the foaming
i love that it's a more natural product
it's just not for my skin type
this is really sloppy
no wonder it's drying.
which wasn't even the deal breaker
i got this as a 100 point perk
the packaging is cute
it's also, oddly enough, drying.
that's literally all i've noticed about it.
it's strong at first
it feels tacky to the touch
it's a glittery serum that doesn't do anything
i really don't need sparkly skin at night
i feel weird about putting something glittery on my face
it's difficult to get the product out.
it's so frustrating that i'm contemplating if it's worth buying another bottle
i can't say i'm too crazy about it
t's heavy so you can't feel the weight of the product itself
it's not an easy pump
it prolly is good for others
love that it's glass
i love that it's glass
i also like that it's gentle
mascara aren't empty so that's cool
cake up looking very cheap
the eyeliner was a complete dud for me
thankfully i didn't buy the full bottle of this stuff because it was truly disappointing
i guess it's jsut not for my combination skin
it's so bad it gives me a headache
because it's just not that great
it's true that a little goes a long way
i guess my skin isn't as dry
this is a little bit tacky for my liking.
it is too heavy/tacky for that
i can't wait until it's gone because the smell is so horrible
plus it's in a jar which is a big thumbs down
they seem quite useless
it looked so bad.
i now have 6 crazy breakouts on my lip that look so terrible
can't be hidden with good make up
maybe that's just my super sensitive skin
it's just an overpriced
i like it, it's just not great.
it made me look sooooo greasy
you could've deep fried my face!
it doesn't offer a nice glow at all!!
wow wow wow, this is heavily perfumed.
what's more interesting is that i don't have dry skin
i guess it's just a night time thing for me
for the price that's very disappointing
this product is incredibly worthless.
what a shame they discontinued wrinkle revenge 3
it's a very treatment feel
it literally gives you what it's called: water
i feel it's the perfect combo together
which isn't for me
the consistency is kinda weird
i couldn't finish this
it's good, just didn't impress me much.
am feeling silly now
gave my soooooo much texture
s as it's no good for dry skin
it's a good eye cream.
can't attest to it's efficacy there
it wasn't awful, but not great.
very disappointing & expensive mistake
it's too expensive to have this many negatives.
it's oil so you have to be diligent
it's just not for me.
long lasting that it's really too distracting
maybe it's because i have normal
it's ok i don't like the fact that it's in a jar i prefer pumps second i feel like it's a bit sticky i think it's ok for normal skin
this one is it's smelly
oh yeah normally i like algenist :
it does dry a bit tacky although it wasn't bothersome
for me it was just meh
it's too pricey to keep just because it smells good
just wasn't for me
just wasn't for me
i wouldn't recommend it for the super sensitive
this product does do a little de-puffing.
still look sleepy as heck
but love how it's easy to apply.
like a chapstick i guess
it seemed a little ridiculous
this mask it too expensive that's the only reason that i'm given 3 stars
i like to use my favorite things somewhat sparingly
it's overpriced especially because it doesn't work
it's just not for my skin type.
unfortunately they're not for me
it's great in that it lathers well
this is a weird product.
by itself it's too glowy to wear on the face
omg does it glow, but not in a good way.
this one was just oddly
which isn't much of a problem itself
is waaaaaay too glittery
i think it's a great concept.
it's not great for me
it's so strong it's enough to deter me from using it
like the fact that it's a more natural product
it sounds so easy!
i only use it at night since it's so expensive
the little balls of cream are very cute
it's exactly like honey
i wouldn't mind it being too sticky.
it's an interesting consistency
it's sticky at first
make my foundation look yucky-12
it tightens, but that's it.
this stuff is thick
i guess that's what they meant by dewy skin?
though i probably don't quite need a corset
i don't think it's that great
it's not worth it
didn't feel overly dry
this product is also ridiculously expensive
t wasn't that i used too much
sounds great in theory
and i mean like, extremely oily.
so, maybe my skin just doesn't like cover fx...?
it messed up my make up pretty bad
these were sooooo expensive
i put a little bit of this on my beauty blender
okay yah it does turns my foundations matte
it doesn't seem like it's suitable for daily use
made the coverage very weird
product it self is ok so far
oh and the cream in this line felt divine!
overall i feel it's very overpriced.
i found the product really underwhelming
it's nothing earth shattering
i think perricone is always a bit more expensive then it's true value
it was a real bummer that it didn't work out for me
it's overly fragranced which isn't good for the skin
it's not so bad when i'm wearing bb cream
there's nothing that special about it
it's not for me
it's just whipped oil
it's not the one for me
that's what this cream promised
2 months later i honestly see congested i mean omg it's really rich nothing
it isn't bad stuff though — it forms your cheeks
i feel it's heavy on my skin
it's okay through the winter
as it's approaching spring i feel it's took heavy
i feel like it's just a moisturizer and thats it.
you are paying for pretty packaging with a fancy name
it's way too strong
it's kind of meh moisturizing-wise
it is too glittery for me
i know that in my case it's the ingredients.
too much artificial stuff
i think it's a bit pricey for just smelling good
was so excited to use it because it's glam glow
got this in the play box and nope nope nope.
then the texture was too tacky, nope.
that's generally why i can't get on board with the glam glow train
i guess it's an ok daily moisturizer type thing
end up looking downright shiny
even if you're a shiny
it's overly shimmery that just makes you look oily
outrageous, definitely can't afford this.
i honestly just find it to be an eh product
this stuff is too expensive for that!
i'd definitely give it a whirl.
i think that's a dangerous thing to say
this one sounded decent
it didn't blur anything
i don't like to leave terrible reviews
it's really good as a primer
it's just not something i'd purchase
it has a thick texture, but isn't too heavy.
made my foundation so ugly
feels like there's a film on my skin
it absolutely ruined my normal/combo skin
i don't so i wasn't a fan.
doesn't act as a good primer
just kinda meh for me.
it's very thick though
i don't get the purpose of this product since it's neither a great moisturizer or primer
it's just not well executed
it's such a weird consistency
it's thick and it feels more like a prime.
even more so now in nyc winter weather
this made me so scary greasy!!
so not too bad
long lasting which i didn't love
once it's dry it's great
i don't see what's so fascinating about this.
do a whole ritual dance before it graces me a sad little pump
maybe it's just clogged a little
my t zone where it's super oily
think it's pretty cute
it tends to get a bit tacky
this absolutely isn't for every skin type
this isn't a bad or great product.
it's sad because the concept
it is super tacky and difficult to apply.
it was such a cute package too.
it's message of what it is suppose to do as a product is too confusing
i can't even tell it's there
doesn't feel like it's doing much
i don't want to say it's a terrible product
beware if you're sensitive
it wasn't really a glow
it just made me look oily even though i wasn't.
it has a tacky finish
i feel like it's overrated
returning it today.. yuck!
it is soooo incredibly sticky
tacky for a good 15-20 minutes
i don't think it's a terrible product
then after 2 mins your face feels incredibly tacky
i don't find it enjoyable to use.
it's way too sticky for me.
wasn't necessarily hyped about the price
i tend to go for subtle looks with mega highlight
it is obnoxiously sticky.
this stuff is way too sticky
i feel it's completely the opposite
it's not necessarily lightweight
turns out it's the formulas themselves.
i looked greasy even though i wasn't.
this sadly was too much
i gotta say that it's a bit pricey
it wasn't even close
maybe a bad batch or something?
i guess it's still technically useable
even though the concept it really cool
i can only compare it to glam glow as it's the only other cream like mask that i've tried
it's easy to peel off
this one honestly seems like a gimmick
yes the gold looks cool but that's it.
gave it 2 instead of 1 because it's metallic
it is thick though if it was up to me it's okay
nice concept but just didn't deliver.
it's hard to get off in one piece
that's about where it's usefulness ends.
this one is just yuck.
for me it doesn't live up to the hype
it's something i rather wasn't there
it's a good second wash
which is weird, but everyone's skin is different
this one isn't my favorite
i just wish there was a tad more hydration with it
it's the only new product i've been using so yeah
i mean maybe it's the weather
i don't like the way it leaves a weird film on your face
it is an ok product
it's very tacky on the face
it isn't too bad
no- for a couple reasons: it's super sticky-tacky feeling
it's pretty pricey for a product that i just do not like
it has cute packaging
it initially caught my eye for it's adorable packaging
this product is quite expensive it's quantity
scooping it out was quite a novelty
it's not oily either.
it's so cute and comes with a mini spatula.
kind of reminds me of bar soap though.
i wasn't expecting much
i like that it's a oil
this one was a little too bold
it's not the 60s anymore.
it's light so perfect for summer.
don't know why it didn't mix perfectly with a water-based moisturizer- maybe it's just my skin
was disappointed by the tacky/sticky feel
i don't think i'll be purchasing the full size because it's kinda pricey
such a shame, it's a great product otherwise.
i like the packaging, but that's about it.
not something i would purchase as i find it a bit expensive for a liquidy product
you're basically paying for alcahol
how this is marketed for sensitive when it's quite irritating
i'd have to say what was entirely offputting about it for me was the fragrance
now i'm guessing it's from this
while i appreciate it's not heavy
it isn't the most hydrating but i like it so far
tacky as if i was putting a primer on
i do like that it's very lightweight, though.
that's a pretty huge deal!
it's basically a primer but worst.
i wouldn't consider it mattifying at all
i also love the pump-tube, it's very convenient.
i assume i wouldn't like to whiff this on another woman either- it's really that bad
wasn't that easy to spread
more oily it's ok of u have fair skin
it's beautiful when it comes out of the package
i guess that sticky/tacky/milky feel of it is what's supposed to feel hydrating
this thing smells like feet oooh lord good thing i got a 100pt sample ewww i just can't
unfortunately it's not for everyone's skin.
more like a life letdown .
it's defiantly a hit or a miss for certain skin types
sadly this didn't work
thankfully it didn't break me out
f your sense of smell isn't as strong it may not be as bothersome
i stopped using this bc it just made my face feel soo greasy
i just don't think it's worth the price tag.
if you're so stuffed up you can't smell.
regarding the smell: it's really not bad.
the annoying chunky texture was hard to accept.
i wish the texture wasn't quite as chunky as it is
i don't believe it's necessarily a bad product
that's likely because of its fresh
not to mention this is really sticky
it is so dang sticky
it's a really nice product
the ingredients are basically a bunch of fluff
that's the only good thing about it
is this supposed to be so chunky?
i didn't like the texture at all
totally feels like applying jam
plus when i looked up the price - woah.
don't waste $60 on this!
it's kind of hard to evenly distri
overall, i don't think it's worth the hassle.
i got this as a 100 point perk
i don't see why the consistency of the product can't be less clumpy
it is sticky and has these weird little chuncks.
the solid bits aren't firm enough to offer any kind of physical exfoliation so presumably they're in the mixture purely to prove it's made with fruit
seems like a bad call.
it does not look cute
i guess it's healthy food for the face
another pointless fresh product.
the tool doesn't seem like a smart idea
now it's a solid meh
the double spout is terrible
it's impossible to dispense a small amount
it's just too frustrating to use
it's going back to the store.
it's probably just me
cannot understand why it's so pricey that way.
it's not floral or anything nice
let's talk more about this one
it's filled with junk
feels sort of tacky at first then almost like coconut oil
the formula is a little tacky
it's terribly hard to get off
if you place on too thin, it is worthless.
the mask is ok
it looks nothing like the pic on the box
i don't like the new formula at all.
there's better ones out there
idk if it was just a bad batch or what
nothing impressive once it's removed
can't speak to it's long term effects
it's just an okay serum.
it's not for me
bad product and super expensive.
sorry but it's the truth.
it's not really bad
my skin was sorta clear before i started using it
it is useless for me
it's a bit pricey too.
it is way too expensive
this mask isn't for everyone.
which for a mask isn't that weird or uncommon
that just seems like a gimmick to me.
the concept is so cool
y it didn't stings much
it's pretty lame honestly.
i love that it's so warming on the skin.
it's decent at best.
also the size of this product is too big imo
it isn't much cheaper
it's no miracle by any means.
for me it's not worth it coz it contains too little
i rarely go to sephora without nerd-ily having an idea of what i want
though i was self conscious about that too
i guess it just seems overpriced even though i know my usual face moisturizer is more expensive
it gets a little messy
i wouldn't say i feel cleansed
my own dumb mistake
this milky one isn't terrible
i don't feel like it's really cleaning my face.
i don't feel that it cleans my fave quite the way the original does
i like how it's a pump
i can't get past the heavy
it's a miss for me.
points for cute packaging though!
don't buy into the gimmick.
then i like the wow factor of using the magnet
frankly, i think this is just a gimmick.
i don't think it's worth it
it's fun if u don't mind the mess
it's a fun product however i wouldn't recommend it if you have oily skin
it's fun to play with
what it does is like basically covers your skin with a mud like wierd thing
it's definitely not worth the money
we thought it was gimmicky (although fun).
it'll be there for eternity
it's fun to play with the magnet
i think it's from this product
it's definitely a cool product
the "cool" effect does not come cheap
it wasn't a lot of product
which is totally my fault
thought it was super cool
i don't think that this product is worth the hype
all in all it's a fun idea
this is all gimmick
couple that with the fact that it's itchy as heck makes me dislike it more
it's such a cute idea and a little gimicky.
the magnet is a cute gimmick that quickly loses its charm when you realize it's not super effective at getting the entire mask off in one go
it was kinda gross.
it's too bad because the effect of taking it off was freaking awesome
it makes taking a mask off super fun.
it's great there's a bunch of good ingredients for your skin
i think it's really expensive cause they know people are going to think it's cool
that feeling is pleasantly weird
the removing part is fun yet tedious
it's fun to play once
product itself is ok.
it is super fun to use
flakey that i can't even wear foundation
which makes me think it's this cleanser
it wasn't the worst or the best.
there's no way to lock it
can't imagine someone with more mature skin liking this very much
don't get me wrong; it's okay.
it feels like i'm in the middle of a canadian winter
but that's about it!
it's supposed to be a cream
it's a decent cream but nothing extraordinary.
i think it's more for oily/combination skin
it's just not for me.
omg i brought it instead of an tester it's so drying in my nose
i don't know the hype over it cosmetics?
it wasn't the case for me :
this product isn't meant for very pale people.
you can see it on my face bc it's just a little bit too dark
i don't think it's worth the money.
it's also quite greasy
it's so freaking dark that it looks like i used a foundation for medium skin tones
the pump isn't getting enough product to work
pretty pricey with all that said.
t is simply too expensive for me
because i honestly like it despite it's flaws
that's why it was so oily
it cosmetics is really make by some ridiculous promises anymore
i don't think it's worth the cost
that definitely wasn't the case
it's an expensive dud.
that wasn't the case
even the hydration is just "meh"
because it's in a jar
it's such a shame bc this product has incredible ingredients
beware it's not for everyone!
it wasn't for me
it's not a miracle worker, it's just fine.
it's really a shame because i think it's a great moisturizer
it looks innocent enough
it is super tacky.
so tacky that it was annoying whenever i looked down
that wasn't the worst thing
this was a massive fail imo
it's okay nothing special
maybe it's good for other people
it's not the worst i've ever used
it's not the best
it's too late to return it.
this stuff is even too pale for me
overall, though, it's just okay.
it's a primer at best.
i think is too white
but i like that it has spf.
a little bit pricy for my budget
however it's hard to find it in canada
can get a bit pricey
i got this as a point perk
super annoying since i have relatively clear skin
maybe that's the charcoal?
it was pretty sticky
i got this product as a 100 point perk
plus it's super convenient when you just want to get in the shower
quite messy to use and felt heavy.
it's an illusion that it's actually taking all of your makeup off
idk splash masks seem a little gimmicky to me now
that's my number one gripe with it: it's been a nightmare under makeup
i applied wayyy too much
it doesn't blur anything
i guess it's a nice enough cream
it's like olive oil gone bad
it's not oil free
it's so mild that i'm wondering what other reviewers are talking about
it's nice to be connected to a cause
it isn't worth it to me
it goes to show expensive isn't always best.
it's really too bad
it just doesn't st
that it's a balm-to-oil is no miracle
don't be fooled by the fancy name
it's not worth it
this was useless for me
i mean is guess the description is accurate
the smells is slightly off putting bwvause or reminds me of my sons pablum :p
it's too bad this whole line doesn't actually smell like coconut or i would
the dropper doesn't pick up a bunch
it's an expensive product as well
i didn't quite like it
it's very thick and a little goes a long way.
it's very thick and hard to apply.
it wasn't insane but it was noticeable.
it's such a weird texture
it's just not for me
it just wasn't it
this is super super thick
it's hard to spread on your face it's not like slippery
it is a mediocre cream.
it's super annoying to have my face feel sticky all day
my face is still a bit tacky
it's outrageous how laszlo can charge the price for this when it's mostly water
it's strong enough to sting my eyes even if it's nowhere close to them
the packaging is cool so that's basically what you're paying for
the packaging was super cute though.
overall it's a nice mud mask bar
the oil is also waaay too oily.
it's hard to describe, but i wasn't a fan.
i wasn't too fond of it
it made my skin soooo oily
it's not that moistured feel
i only give it props because of the cute packaging
that's a miracle in itself.
i love the package it's adorable.
was freaking out a little bit
a little is all that's needed
it was a bit messy.
i think it's because it's getting rid of any impurities
i think it's the epitome of chic
i love how it's easy to travel with
thought perhaps i just got a bad batch
overall its just ok
first of all, it's a sticky and greasy mess.
gimmick product that doesn't work
it's basically a liquid-y thing-- did nothing for me
i got this as a 100 point perk
it was way too greasy for my liking
i sort of like this product
it's just full of glitter
not subtle at all, it looks completely ridiculous
this stuff made me sparkly.
except it isn't for me
it was just way too glittery for me.
it's just not for me
is this product a joke?
if subtlety is your thing
i actually like shimmery stuff for every now
i didn't find it glittery at all
it is very glittery
keeps claiming it's supposed to do
an even more awful idea
way too shiny/glittery for me!
maybe for younger folks
the glitter was toooo much for me
it is definitely glittery
seriously that's what it looks like.
i'd looooove it if there was 50% less glitter
worn alone it's a glittery mess.
i love tarte, but this is ridiculous.
it's like an explosion of glitter
i looked super greasy
it wasn't just a sheen
i got this as a 100 point sephora perk
if you want to look like you've been birthed by a unicorn
that's the "illuminating" effect!
it really was reminiscent of the twilight movies.
this is crazy glittery
it's not friendly to some
that's just how it looks on
in my opinion it's not sparkly
it has way too much micro glitter for my taste
still resemble what i'd imagine edward cullen would look like in the sun
the idea to put it over your whole face is laughable
it's hard to wash off.
this is way too glittery.
way too much glitter for me.
this for sure isn't worth $32.
it's literally half the price
it was a complete bummer
some people like micro glitter because they think it's illuminating
it seems a little pricey for what it offers
for $65, i think it's too pricey for a primer.
bland and didn't do a whole lot.
it's quite gross if you think about it.
it is laughable that they are trying to hawk a tiny bottle of dimethicone for sixty dollars
it wasn't too light or too heavy.
it's great as a base
isn't right for my combination skin type
maybe it's just me
i feel like they're pretty much all the same
there's absolutely nothing special about the item
didn't feel greasy at all
it's super greasy after applying it
it's a high cost for something that isn't really making a difference in my skin
it's a strange product in my opinion.
it's really strong & it irritates my eyes.
the whole concept of it is confusing
it's pricey but definitely worth it!
it does smell bad but still worth it lol
quickly learned that is absurdly too much.
think it's time to pack up
i can't say my makeup last longer with this i kinda feel as if it wears off kinda quick
which isn't a good thing
it kinda starts peeling off
not a bad smell which can drive me nuts so that's positive
it made my skin sooooo glowy
so maybe it's better for normal
maybe i got a dud
it seems to be an ok primer
this just wasn't it for me
it's really strong which i'm not a fan of
so pretty much useless unfortunately.
sadly it just didn't work.
doesn't leave a weird film on my face
it's good they were cheap.
it's also worth noting that it's not good for correcting liner
it's decent at getting makeup off
it wasn't a bad product
it's not that at all
it's this overpriced sephora scrub
it's just not terribly "tropical" like i was expecting
for such a small bottle i don't think it's worth it at all
it's a nice product to have
overall it's still a nice mask to have.
does not feel luxurious
but it isn't great.
which is a lot btw
too bad because it's a great product
this is just a mediocre product to me
it's nothing special in my opinion
it's tacky unless set
silly me bought the full sized bottle just because i thought it wasn't the problem
not to mention it itches like crazy
very dry akin will probably need a tad more.
it was just dull
that's all it does
i will say my skin is kind of a trainwreck
i love the texture but it's just not for me.
it does it's job
it's just multipurpose and vet convenient.
the only good thing about it is that there's spf
i'd imagine that it would be too beige
i am uber pale
just to a color that wasn't my own
i don't think this is a bad product
i wouldn't say i have super sensitive skin
it's ok, but not worth the money.
in my opinion, it isn't worth the $40.
wasn't expecting the greasiness of this one
it's fun to use in the shower
this actually tingles quite a bit when you're using it
i can't justify the 80 bucks.
other than that it's unimpressive
the packaging is cute
it's difficult the scoop out the perfect ratio of creme
when i open the jar it's very gorgeous
i actually felt a bit stingy
another hyped up product.
gimmicky stuff with cool packaging
not only is it outrageously expensive for the amount you get
i don't think it's worth the $65 to me
apparently it's too oily
oh no no nooooo to this product.
it's been really dry
t is really greasy
it's just so greasy though <:(
in what universe is this "never greasy"?
it seemed so luxurious
i guess because it is thick ans hard to absorb
so sad it's discontinued
i can't totally buy that
it's not a must-have, imo.
i've always thought her line to be a bit overpriced
unfortunately it was too heavy
super shiny and just gross.
this product unfortunately isn't for me.
it's a shame, as the price point is great.
as others have mentioned it's thick- it's not just thick
it's takes a lot of effort to "rub" in little amounts here n there
now in the humid midwest it's way to heavy for me
there's something about the constancy of this.
it's very very soft
i don't get the hype.
the price is really a bummer
don't get me wrong, it's good.
i feel like it's just too thick
but i don't think it's worth the high price tag.
what the big buzz is around this br
couldn't justify spending so much
i guess it's more suited for oily skin types.
the only things i don't like is the jar packaging
it's a little too matte
if you're all about the super matte look
my skin is combo i do get alittle oily
i don't really like the texture as well.
first, let's be clear, this is not a primer.
i just don't like the breakouts.
i know there isn't a miracle cream that will eliminate dark circles completely
kinda pricey for an average eye cream
im willing to shell out the bucks for an effective eye cream
it has a tacky formula
i don't think it's truly effective in cleansing the skin like it says it does
i don't think it's worth buying ya not their best product
this product is really bad it's very dry
it's slow to be absorbed, and don't feel light.
it's literally the same thing
i did like that it wasn't too expensive compared to some other br
this stuff stings a little
it's definitely not the product for me.
for something so expensive
that's a few months of exposure to all sorts of grossness
the packaging is cute.
i love that it was non-greasy
it's soft and goes on easily.
it's not greasy or oily.
i can't tell even a tiny bit of difference
this definitely isn't for me
this isn't too intense
ole henriksen just sounds so exotic
days i didn't - oh god my face was a grease ball!
it would be good for overly oily skin tho
it's ok i guess
it's not a bad product
it's been great so far
way too spendy for me.
which is so annoying
however, this left my face soooo greasy.
i don't think it's that strong
it was very messy
it sounded like the perfect product
for me it is too finicky
it's difficult to blend in
it made me so greasy that it is unwearable
t just wasn't for me
it's not a super strong smell so maybe it doesn't bother some
idk if i got a bad batch maybe
it's a no from me....
i can't quite put my finger on it
well let's just say i always love caudalie products
i guess it's because it's not oil free.
it's probs good for those with dry skin.
the product itself isn't good either.
it's so lightweight that it'll do absolutely nothing for your eyes
not "bad" just... too "green".
i gave it 2 stars because it's way too expensive to do nothing
it's so expensive plus it's a small bottle!
this is so oily and is honestly all hype.
i def think it's an instagram hype product
it is an ok product
it was too greasy
sadly, i didn't like it.
i don't think this is a flop
the unicorn essence is so much better.
t was a no brainer to get it
this is seriously just hyped.
this overhyped oil doesn't do anything different than my other oils i own
it's just your typical oil.
it's not for me
it is just a gimmick that is overly hyped up on instagram
this is way overhyped and overrated.
it wasn't for me
i guess everyone's skin is different
soooo for me the hype was not true
this product was hyped so much on instagram
it's definitely not worth $67.
this price tag thou like idk i'll probably exchange it
i don't like this oil
t-zone gets a tad oily
i think that sephora should not carry youtube/gimmicky/trendy products
it's an odd product on me
i wasn't entirely sure what it was
it's just not worth the money
it's definitely worth the money
i think it's not worth the money
very much an overhyped product for me.
this isn't an oil.
but it's a decent primer.
decent at this price point ain't really worth it
does nothing special it's just a hype
so far i'm very "meh" on this product
just the whole unicorn trend thing going on
i don't usually follow makeup hype
so why isn't my makeup?????
i think people more hyped about the color
this is purely hype
nothing about this product is worth it's absurd price tag
i felt it was quite tacky
this product was really hyped up.
this product is completely overhyped like the reviews say
this is just silly
this "serum" is just gimmicky
as another reviewer said-- it's basically colored water
i do feel like it's over-priced
it's not that great
but that's as far as it went.
it was just blah.
it's really not all it is hyped up to be.
really overrated among beauty gurus
overpriced for a mediocre product
it's really not that good
how it's a great primer
this one was too scary for me to add to my regular skincare routine
i don't think it's worth the price tag that is attached to it
this is actually worse, it's filmy and drying.
it's texture isn't bad.
it's all over my face
this is sooooooo thick
if you've tried the nighttime intensive version
if it ain't broken, don't fix it.
bad plan dior, bad plan.
let's start with the texture
it's not only strong it's absolutely disgusting
i can't use that word enough wile discussing this hot mess of a re formulation
unfortunately i did not feel that luxurious sensation i usually get from using dior products
i know most people aren't bothered by fragrance
it just wasn't worth it
maybe because they're so stubborn it'll take a few more uses
that's unbelievable, but ok!!"
i felt this mask was more novelty than actually doing it's job
it was a bit gimmicky
overall it's a cool product
i wasn't super crazy about this mask for the price
you'll find a better outcome with a simple one-piece mask
it rips soooooo easily!
my nails aren't long either
it's cool, but didn't do too much for me.
dr jart disappoints yet again.
it's also pretty expensive for a one time use mask
yes, it was cooling, but that's about it?
kinda steep price for just one mask
i don't think it was much more effective than dr
cool image with ridiculous over packaged mask
the packaging is a little scary
it is not cheap
just wasn't for me
some days it's really dry
others it's really oily
it isn't life changing
it's definitely a good product
ok so first of all my skin is combo
so sticky i hated it already
it's not a miracle worker like everyone seems to be saying
if you're on a tight budget
perhaps it's just a "purging" period
you're paying for a good product here
i can't justify it
unfortunately it wasn't a match for my skin.
so that's a huge minus for me.
this product dispenses weird.
kind of a hassle if you're in a rush
that's the only reason
that wasn't the case
unfortunately it's going back.
for the price this product is really just blah
let's start of by saying
unfortunately this eye cream isn't worth the hype
i almost feel like it's drying
gave 3 stars cuz it's a natural product
this mask is very eh .
it bubbles fast ; so it's a literal 2 mins .
it's a very basic experience
it's not completely pleasant
i wasn't expecting this to be a twist product
it's honestly been a life saver for my skin
so bad from it
i wasn't the only one
considering it's actually a good product
it's nice but i'm not in love with it.
doesn't think it's worth the price because it wasn't amazing
this one is a dud
even this weirds me out
which doesn't seem hygienic to me at all
just feels kind of soapy
maybe it's because it's cleanser.
f you are buying this for aesthetics just know that it's pretty to start
it's solid which is super cool
i just don't think it's worth it
it's definitely light weight
it's too strong and nauseating.
wow what a rip off!!
i should've known better
i mean i wasn't expecting much cause i basically bought it for the memes
it's too expensive for what you get
this size is honestly sooo tiny
i wouldn't pay $15 for this, sadly.
which isn't very typical for me
maybe it's better for an overall slightly oily skin
reminds me of a cheap soap you would find at mcdonalds
$20 seems very pricey for something that shrinks this quickly
its just so cool
$20 for maybe 2 weeks of washes just isn't worth it
i give it 2 stars because it's expensive
the idea is cute
it's basically a soft bar soap with the inconvenience of being round
but it's so fun to use.
once again very cute idea
this product is super fun to use.
it's just the cheap plastic holder inside the box
it's awkward to use and i will be returning this.
it's not a good feeling
the idea is cute
it's not strong enough to clean my skin
i lecce it for 30 mins to it says 15 not drying which i thought it would cuz it's clay
nope it's worth it 4 uses$10
i found it incredibly tacky
it's just not me
just another hyped product!
i don't usually get breakouts unless something irritates my skin because it's fairly sensitive
i think it's a bunch of hype.
may just throw it away, it's that bad
clearly it's not for me
nope nope nope nope.
ts not totally shocking
it left my face soo dry that i thought this can't be true?
took off another star because it's a bit overpriced for what it is
it's disappointingly small for the price
i think it's a nice to have
it feels nice i like that it's light not oily
on to something with more oomph..
my skin doesn't seem to be jiving with this serum
it sounded like it would be lightweight
is this tuff suppose to be congealed?
this stuff irritated the heck out of my skin
i can't get over the fact that it's heavily fragranced
i don't get all of the 5-star reviews
i don't have ridiculously chapped lips
it leaves a weird slick
i love how it's thick
it's the perfect face cream.
it's a bit cooling when first applied
looks cute on and feels nice.
it's common that some aren't all that effective
it smells so awful that i couldn't even put it on my face
unfortunately it's not the mask for me
there's nothing "bad" about this mask
the container is so cute
i don't think this product is for all skin types like it advertises that's why there are mixed reviews
i guess everyone's skin is different
a little too subtle for price
it didn't look natural
it's such a shame too
it's okay for very light coverage.
it's an alright product
i like the fact it has spf
i don't know if it's my darker skin
sadly it didn't workout for me
i can't tell whether it's the perfect shade or slightly dark
my skin is more combination so the product was a little overkill
i'd use this prodict again if it weren't so pricey
this isn't a bad product
this product is really greasy
i just can't use anymore due to the strong fragrance
because that's basically what it is-- a pleasant
it's a very thin consistency
it's never just one
yep, you guessed it ,no difference .
i love that it's in a tube
it's nothing special or magical
very seldom a bad breakout
it's not the best out there
i see results but nothing insanely dramatic.
sadly this cream didn't work for me.
so that's why i'm giving it two stars
i don't think it's the right product for me
it's just not for my skin
it's too bad because the texture is so rich
over all it's amazing!
will use when it's really cold
it's a splurge i go to often.
this stuff isn't bad.
it isn't mind blowing either.
alas, that is not the case.
it wasn't super drying
even though it's a sheer formula
it's pretty consistently problematic for me
it's just not for my skin
that's about as far as the pros go
this stuff is junk!
it just kinda sits on my skin
might be good for summer because it's light
it smells exactly like michael's craft store btw
maybe it's just me
my face got sooo dry
although it's almost out
not horribly but noticeably.
product just wasn't for me.
unfortunately it just isn't for me
nothing really note worthy
i realized today that it's the reason my makeup looks so crummy
i do think it's a tad heavy so use a light hand.
there's treatment for that
it's worth a try for another skin type, though!
i much prefer sheer tranformation :)
this product was a dud
just skip this one, it's no miracle worker.
i am not sure it's for me as the cream is very thick
it definitely doesn't firm
00 is just too expensive
i found this one to be waaay to heavy for me.
the only nice thing i can really say is that it's not overly scented
i don't know what's in this stuff
it's too bad since it has so many good reviews.
i don't feel it's worth keeping around
overall it is "meh" in my opinion
any skin benefits it had were pointless because i couldn't deal with the horrible smell
was entirely too greasy
the smell isn't terrific but it's tolerable.
and now it literally stinks!
bought it because of the big hype on yt?
which makes it a bit tricky to distri
it's an extremely thick cream so a little goes a long way
as it is a tad pricey
it just didn't live up to the hype.
it's honestly done nothing
however i think it is too rich
suppose it wasn't selling well
it just didn't make a big difference for my skin so eh
it's actually become more oily.
wasn't too heavy or greasy
this stuff balled up like crazy
i guess it's an okay eye cream
i just don't think it's for me
basically when there's about a quarter of this pricey little pump product left
a real bummer because this product is not cheap
it's great for hydrating, but that's about it.
especially the cute packaging
it's definitely not dramatic.
so far it's nothing more than just average
it's not awful but it's not great either.
it just wasn't strong enough.
though it seems much too expensive for the amount you're paying for
it's not bad or anything
doesn't feel like it's doing much.
this product doesn't feel like it's doing much.
i guess it's good because it's.
i don't even wear anything waterproof
it's easy on the skin
that defeats the purpose isn't it?
i really wouldn't recommend it for oily
yes, it's very milky.
kept using this product because dang this stuff is expensive
it's too gentle to remove nothing.
here's the deal ladies
that's what this stuff feels like.
it's just not the same
it's absolutely not the same.
it doesn't seem to mess my skin up
that's the only issue i have.
it's great for those issues!
it just isn't helping me fight off the awful acne that's slowly returning
it's so much better!
can't because it's a gift i assume
i don't have horrible skin
it wasn't irritating on my very dry
it's one of those crank sticks
i've concluded that it's useless
it's not the best or most convenient use
i guess my acne is way too deep.
it didn't clear up my breakouts
it's really silky feeling going on
that have worked insanely well for me
it's a good product, easy to apply .
it's not a good dark circles cream for me.
while it's an adequate product that does everything it's supposed to
the bottle is very inconvenient
plus it's very annoying to get it out when you're almost done using the product
it's definitely not a fast-drying product
like it's based of silicone or something.
that's why it gets two starts instead of one.
i like this product if i use a tiny bit
there is no obnoxious perfume which is really nice
however, it's not intensive enough.
i don't see that it's "brightening" at all
it's a nice cream, but doesn't do enough.
if it wasn't for the breakouts
i think it's just a little too "rich" for my skin
sooo maybe she has oily skin:
maybe i got a bad bottle?
it's like slicker or something
so that isn't cool either
it isn't a big deal.
one thing that i don't like about this is that it's fragrant
i don't see how this is a bestseller.
it's just a simple cleaner
i find it too soapy
it's not sweet like other philosophy products
it cleans my face yeah but it's nothing special.
my acne is kinda coming back because i don't think this cleanses it enough
i feel very meh about it.
honestly i don't feel like this is especially deep cleansing
i don't get all the hype over this stuff?
so for me it's not worth it
it's safe to say i won't be giving this product another shot
it's just a wash that doesn't irritate.
they're absolutely my favorite
it's a decent face wash
wasn't for me though
i don't feel it's potent enough.
it certainly isn't a disappointment either
i guess it does it's job
it's lightweight enough to be used morning
this product seems ok so far.
it's an okay product
not pleasant odd, just odd.
sephora no longer sells dermadocto's ain't misbehavin'
picture porefect cannot be used as a sub for ain't misbehavin'
this formula is far too thick for my taste
it's no better than pond's cold cream
this is really greasy
since it's so expensive i went to sephora
that's a huge plus in my book
the stuff is ridiculously priced
it is pretty expensive and i hate the packaging.
this may seem strange
under my eyes may actually be getting "crepe-ier"
maybe it's too late to start this kind of treament
a bit iffy to put on
i felt like an idiot for paying this much for this piece of garbage
the application is really annoying
this was overly expensive for what it is
however, it is very messy.
i guess it's not for my skin
it is very messy to use.
not saying it's a bad product
basically the whole darn line
the consistency is annoying
don't get my wrong it's fine
anyways ifs pretty good
wow this is super intense.
it's just too bad my skin seems to be sensitive to something in it
it's good at first
oh for sure my face was glowing haha.
the reason i'm giving it 3 stars is because it claims it's a primer
t feels tacky the whole day
notice it's tacky feeling
this is not light weight btw--it's creates a barrier
wouldn't really recommend for combo sensitive skin
i used it for 2 weeks to make sure it wasn't a fluke
i know it says it's for all skin types
it's great on the normal parts
there was a literal oil smear
it almost feels like a primer with a slightly tacky feel
it's so annoying wasting product because of that
but that's about it.
it's just too strong
it's just not worth the money
its main flaw for me was how tacky it was.
overall it's a "no" for me
perhaps that's just me.
if the bottle was just a tad bit bigger
only reason it's getting 2 stars is because it didn't make my skin worse
it's not super moisturing either so my makeup tends to look kind of weird by the end of the day
i do like that it's quick absorbing
its an ok product kind of pricey.
hate to admit that it is unworthy product
it made my eyes puffery instead of depuffing them
its pretty rich + luxurious
i occasionally get this product as gratis for doing clairns artistry work
i just got a bad tube
as for now it's like i put nothing on.
this is just blah.
i can't be too convinced to say that the beauty flash balm is worth the price
it's not bad, but it's not worth the price.
this one is useless for me
you'll freak out it'll sting so bad
it's very very strong
it's just too drying
i would say it's probably too pricy for what it is worth
i think it's a good product, but just not for me.
it's fairly pricey for a product that
i don't think it's worth the price
ultimately it's just too harsh
t products sound great
it dispenses very little
since using this moisturizer it's gotten even worse
since it doesn't have spf
for some odd reason
i think i overused the cream
my face looked downright greasy.
that's the most ridiculous instruction i've ever read
it didn't feel as refreshing even though i kept it in the fringe
as the name suggests it does seem very rich as the cream is super thick
even though it's so rich
it's so thick that it doesn't absorb well
because it's very soft
it is just ok.
that's as far as it goes
it's not that bad
the dewy part is pretty inevitable
what's not to like, right?
that's what got it two stars
it was still terribly greasy
alas, my combination skin just didn't.
that's maybe my problem
u wear makeup like me......so eh.
this is really too bad bc moisturizer felt really nice on
i feel it's very thick
which isn't a huge deal
it's pricey for not doing much.
it's a little too sweet
i think it is a bit too pricey for what it is
it isn't oil-free
its really pricey too!
i found that i didn't really enjoy using it because my face didn't feel soapy
this product was too pricey for the results i didn't get
it's not too foamy
even though it's pretty pricey
it's still too early to tell
it's not a bad eye cream
telling me it's the absolute best in the entire store
other than that's it's pretty rich
it's worth trying at least :)
it's white so you don't really notice
it's disappointing because i love their cleanser
it's a good price and good texture.
this stuff is irritating
i figured oh murad it's not too pricey
this isn't the product for you
hubby says it's greasy
maybe for like 2 minutes after you put it on it's kinda tingly
it's ok for a calming mask it makes me skin feel nice
it wasn't excessively strong
it just wasn't for me
this mask is okay.
it's not bad by any means
for me it actually stings
the mask is ok.
can't clear skin fast enough
it was too greasy for me.
it was kind of confusing.
but it's not all that drastic.
pretty expensive for a "not sure".
it's perfect for fall
it was good for hydration but that's about it.
my skin is usually pretty tolerable of new products
it wasn't even a great eye cream.
this is way over priced and overrated.
it's thick and greasy and doesn't work.
doesn't sting for me
nice face cream but that's it.
not the wonder cream described
it's almost sort of drying
a little goes a relatively long way because it's so runny
so it's not that great at all.
it's not great under make up
i think it's too heavy for my skin
it is outrageous that an upscale br
it's a little bit too greasy
this isn't for me.
it's really just okay
i guess that's the squeaky clean feel other review were saying
it's not oil free like another reviewer said.
it's not fit for a night cream
consistency is too thick, didn't like it
it's simply not true.
it's an ok, not great cream - at least for me.
it's just a bit too harsh for my skin
it wasn't at all
this stuff was a mess
it's not bad either.
it's what i call a decent and okay eye cream.
it's not a bad product
like it's really sinking in
that's all i have to say !
it's really slow-absorbing
it's so lightweight and lasts all day.
so hopefully it's preventative
it is very inconvenient
this was a replacement for billy jealousy combination code because it's getting harder to find
it isn't that great.
i know this is a cult favorite for oily/combination skin
this stuff feels great the first hour then makes me look soooo oily
it's always been okay
it's almost like moisturizer bc doesn't have any mask feel
besides that it's a good products.
i think it's because i have really oily skin
i think it's too over priced for what it is
it's ok i just honestly can't get passed the scent
makes me feel very fancy
i feel like it's a good product for dry skin
the mask is just ok
it was so unappealing
stinging is not a sign it's working it's a sign its irritating your skin
it's hard to tell if it's the mask
it's does an okay job
i wonder why it is so hyped
it just wasn't for me
they'd just pop out of no where!!
i found this wildly disappointing
ok so it does it's job.
i definitely don't think it's worth $29
i don't think it's worth the hype
a tad irritating on me- too bad!
here's what i found
however the design of the bottle is plain horrible
it's just very ordinary.
although i like that it's lightweight
just wait for a little bit
i like that it is lightweight
not a great product to use around the eye as it's quite irritating
for me it's not an option
i wouldn't buy this face wash again because it's too gentle/ light
it's a pretty good cleanser.
the pump was iffy
the foam isn't very full.
this is just too mild
likely have a little big of a compulsive personality
it does clean very well considering it's so mild
so again just meh
a lot of the reviews say that it's gentle
not even worth the hype.
buying the extra mild one i thought it wouldn't effect me
"well maybe it's just my hormones causing it
which also means it's not very gentle
i don't know, made my skin pretty ugly.
i find that it's effective
but it's been discontinued.
was recommended to me because "it's a primer
which i totally don't mind
it's not better than the porefessional
that was a little pricey for me
i used a tiny bit because hello 'less is more'
unfortunately, my results weren't as great.
it's tough to get it to absorb
it's not for me
for the price i don't think it's worth it
it's a shame that i paid about $40 for this
too bad for me
because it's getting colder
my mind tricks me into thinking that it's not as moisturizing because it's a thin cream
it is ridiculously expensive
look water proof which it isn't
not to a point that it's extreme dry
i don't like the greasy feeling
it's been too long
it makes my face feel soft but that's about it.
kind of.. sticky feeling which i don't like6.
i found it to be quite irritating
which led me to conclude that this product wasn't doing it's job
there's not alot of product in the bottle so use sparingly
definitely wasn't a wow product
however, for me, it isn't worth it.
it's no greasy or smelly at all.
the only reason i gave this product 2 star instead of 1 star is because it's good for using as a h
maybe it's because i don't have any wrinkles
i usually don't make a fuss about packaging
i didn't expect a cheap plasticy bottle
it's a shame since i like other lancome products
needless to say- i trashed it.
it is 42 bucks so i just used it to finish it.
also it's crazy expensive.
the "flat acne" description was tempting
a little spendy for the results
this is so unremarkable it's hard to imagine the price tag
i don't like the texture, just too greasy.
at least it doesn't feel heavy.
it's pretty heavily fragranced too.
the rest of my face isn't
the eye cream isn't the best i have ever used
throughly not worth it.
this product isn't horrible
it's not so bad
it's not unbearable but i jut don't like it.
this is a nope for me.
that's all the pros of this
it's awesome for being gentle
overall it's a good product
it's perhaps too gentle
maybe it's just my skin though
the package tells you it's for "normal to combination" skin
but this one, oh no.
it's a very thick cream.
thought this was it, but it wasn't.
we're highly dissapointed that they've discontinued that cream- we think it was just a ploy to jack up the prices
maybe it's because my skin is not super dry
it's a very thick cream
this product was too greasy.
i think that's a bit odd.
this one just isn't it
it's a little too liquid feeling
maybe it is too thick
'm not sure if it's just a bad combo
the only thing it's good for
it was really greasy
it is great as a hydrator, but that's it.
i find the product it's very sticky
not to mention 60 bucks cheaper lol
i can't use it
don't think it's great
these are a little too expensive for my taste.
unfortunately it's pretty worthless.
even though it's super dry
at first it's quite nice
it is ok with no big drawbacks， just overpriced.
i felt super tacky from it alllll day.
it's not a product to be raving about
guess it's back to trying to find the perfect moisturizer
it was quite embarrassing with a very shiny face as such
it's very heavy glass which isn't good when you are counting every lb with traveling
it's not great, but it'll do.
too expensive for what im using it for
it's always the same
the reviews sounded awesome
too heavy for me
unfortunately it wasn't for me
i even use it with my clarisonic but, nope.
it is very annoyingly sensitive
it's actually the worst moisturzier that i've ever used
to the point that it is annoyingly sensitive
it wouldn't hurt if they weren't so stingy with the amount of spf
a little too lightweight for me.
it's not good at all
now, the main annoying thing is the bottle.
it does feel lightweight though.
it's very watery & just doesn't work well.
disapointing since it was so expensive.
it's great for the dry winters in colorado
this is a bit too greasy and heavy for me.
as contradictory as it sounds
it's way too rich
it's not a terrible eye cream
it's not the best either
overall this product is meh.
that definitely isn't the case
that's pretty much all it does
it's also very expensive for all small it is.
it is somewhat greasy
i think that's because it's the "rich" version
it's not wildly effective
product was nice but the bottle is really flimsy.
it seems ren products are just not for me.
i don't think that's the case
it doesn't lather up much
i wouldn't say it's a bad product
i think ren products are too gentle to the point of ineffective
so far i wanna say it's been about 1
doesn't feel like it's cleaning my skin very well
this one's not for me.
when i do it's usually attri
i can honestly say that it's a super gentle cleanser though
please get rid of this dud
my face just feels tacky
it's not just to the touch
at least my face is isn't overly dry
i like the texture but that's about it.
that's about all it is good for.
it's definitely not worth $30
it's not a bad product
too liquidly for me.
here's the kicker though
the dispenser is stupid !...
so that it's tricky to get the right amount out
thank goodness cause this one is pricey
i don't think it's worth the cost.
i like it's a pump
it takes alot more to cover
it's not that great
it's a very nice night cream
i just can't get over the strange texture of this mask
it's one of the best
i don't have large poors
it wasn't bad, it was just...okay.
it is refreshing but not clogging enough for me.
that's not worth it for me
i don't feel like it was super powerful
i don't love how harsh it is
the packaging however is just asinine.
it's really so annoying that i have to waste more than half of the product because the glass keeps cracking in half
it's unsafe, slippery and hard to use.
it's nearly impossible to fix
it's just more of an inconvenience to use
it's always come in a tube
if it ain't broke don't fix it
it's so hard to pump out the product
my acne certainly isn't as bad as it once was
smell it in store before you buy it because it's pretty hard to h
just realized that it's full of parabans
so expensive for something so little ....
dermadoctors ain't misbehavin' cleanser is amazing using it alone
it's been an absoulte nightmare.
the ain't misbehavin' face wash is great
while my skin hasn't gotten worse i definitely don't feel like it's improved
not pretty or smooth
it reminds me of cheap vodka
kind of makes me want to puke
it's also way too expensive for the amount that comes in the bottle
not to mention the cap clogged like crazy
hope it's still the same formula
this is just a weird batch
yes, it's gentle, but i think that's my issue.
it seems to be too gentle.
it's a good face wash
it's not bad in any way
for me, this wasn't bad, but wasn't great either.
now it's gone forever
if it's for you
i don't like this one as much as purity made simple
it's gentle enough that i use it ever day.
this is sadly going in the trash
so it's something else.
this one doesn't sting
it isn't what i would call a "serum"-- it isn't really a fluid
i know it's entirely possible this stuff didn't cause my breakout-from-my-nightmares
because i just became too lazy for it
it's totally true that products with chemical ingredients can be really bad for the skin
mainly if it's sensitive like mine
because i just became too lazy for it
it's totally true that products with chemical ingredients can be really bad for the skin
mainly if it's sensitive like mine
it seemed too pricey to have to experiment
it's oki don't see the huge effect on my skin yeti like the texture
sadly it is not
kind of pricey for the results
this isn't a bad eye cream
the description of this product sounds good when you read it
it's pretty infuriating to get my moisturizer to blend or settle
this made me sooooo oily even more than i usually get
love that it's lightweight
it's okay but definitely not worth the money.
shiny as ever, what's new.
this just didn't keep me matte like other reviewers
overpowering when you're applying
doens't feel greasy at all
i can't really blame the product itself because i've had terrible acne for twenty years
it's not bad to begin with
it's usually very oily
it's an ok foam, nice but nothing special.
it feels nice to wash with because it's so gentle
it's not strong enough
it's not too drying
maybe it was too gentle.
seems gentle so far.
i think it's a little more expensive than the proactiv br
maybe it's because my skin is so fair or sensitive
this stuff wasn't cheap
it's nothing worth writing home about, though.
but other than that, it's awesome.
sadly this cream is a big nooo for me !
wouldn't say it's an amazing night cream or anything
i'll stick with it because it was pricey
the un-wrinkle night cream is not worth the money
didn't really clear the breakout
it's pretty much wrecked my skin
i used it for a bit
as a result it started to produce waaaay too much oil
it's better than having nothing
unfortunately it was totally ineffective
i wouldn't recommend this product because it doesn't promise what it's advertising
i still looked hideous.
i think it's too gentle for my skin
love the fact that it's all natural
it seemed so gentle it wasn't effective :
but it's $35 for 1 oz, little pricey too.
i don't think it's life altering.
it is just slightly irritating
i find it quite harsh
that's it in a nutshell really.
it was completely ineffective and useless
i think it's also good for before bed
which is totally irritating
because it didn't seem to clean very well
it's on the oily side
maybe a bit too gentile
honestly i think it's worse
i think this product is a bit pricey
kinda exspensive if it doesn't.
i realize it's probably not a miracle worker
it's a seriously thick consistency
it's not the lifesaver
bc it's made for very sensitive
it seems like it irritated me a little
for $45, that's not okay.
you're better off getting a less expensive
nice product, kind of pricey.
i couldn't finish the entire tube
definitely the grossest thing i have ever used on my face
but this product breaks me out soooooo bad!!!!
it's super thick in consistency
also not a fan of all of the irritating
other than that it's nice and effective.
it's application is tricky
don't want to be wasteful
worthless im almost done with it
i feel its too pricey
so for that i give props
yes it's only topical i underst
think it's just my problem
i am thinking maybe those aren't dark circles
maybe that's why this
that dosnt last very long
i guess it just wasn't for me
too bad it didn't match my skin-type
don't believe the hype.
it's one of those products
i like it- but it's not my favorite.
it makes my makeup go on weirdly
i am pretty sure it's because of the high silicone content
i probably won't buy this again as i think it's not useful for dry skin in winter although it's "surge"
it's a shame sephora didn't post my previous review
even then it left a weird greasy film
now that it's been warmer i noticed it's a bit too heavy for my skin
it's also very slightly tacky after applying.
it's a little too light to use as a night cream for me
the mask is amazing but it's so hard to sleep.
it's too bad because it is a lovely product!
moreover it kinda burnt which i hated
i definitely would not say this is worth purchasing -- it's just a pretty basic moisturizer
maybe it's because i am only 23
this isn't suited for my age/skin
it's just not quite the right fit for my skin
however, that's where the goodness ended for me.
so it's just okay.
if you're oily/combo
not to brag, but my skin is usually very good.
it just made me more shiney
i just don't get the hype.
when it comes down to it, it's a $100.
perricone's health concepts that's why i was very
maybe i am just puffier than i used to be
it's certainly no worse
it does burn a teeny bit.
even the feeling nice wasn't worth it
it's ridiculously expensive too.
that's why i gave it a 3 rating
overall not bad just a bit underwhelming.
it seems overpriced for this type of product.
just can't justify keeping it
it's too bad because i use other perricone products
anyway, that's my experience with this product.
the container is maddening.
certainly nothing like the 5 stars i see -- gads
i wasn't crazy about it
i like the ole henrikson line
maybe i just got a bad batch
ok so this stuff isn't bad
too heavy for me.
it's definitely not oily
right now that we're in winter it's drier
it is sooooo thick.
it like makes you sweaty?
turn white--it'll also have a weird tight feeling
i think it's not for me.
that's really my only complaint
unfortunately, it did not live up to it's hype.
i think it's too heavy for my oily combination skin
there's better products and there's worse.
don't get me wrong, the product isn't bad.
it's just not exceptionally good
it is a bit absurd to keep it when using the cheaper clearcalm day
but alas it didnt work at all!
i guess the only reason of the high price is just because it's from givenchy
it actually isn't bad
it is kind of greasy
i got this as a vib freebie.
it's an ordinary cream.
its a bit too greasy
only while it's on the skin
f you're like me
this stuff is greasy
it's definitely for older
it's like someone left a pickle s
is sooo greasy that it shows up all my flaws
it's too greasy for my face that it breaks me out
this was completely greasy.
i don't think it does enough "miraculous" stuff to justify the very high price
it was waaaay to greasy to wear under makeup.
that's a nice way of saying oily
which is bummer considering the high price tag
it wasn't worth it for me
fresh products seem a little too mediocre for me.
it's overall a lovely product
soooo many red bumps
it also has a weird bally texture when applying it
smells nice don't know if results are overly dramatic though
it's definitely cooling as well.
it's definitely something i wouldn't buy.
it's just not worth it though.
i guess too much foaming isn't for dry skin by default
now it's still uneven
i feel like it even made my fave have more acne
i probably won't notice since i am way too distracted by the fragrance
it lathers up like crazy
it feels so cheap
i like this for when i'm not wearin make up
this product is great for lazy evenings when the idea of taking my makeup off seems exhausting
it's taking me awhile to like this
very overpriced for what it does
except that the packing is very pretty
it does look lovely on my vanity.
it was waaay too much
it just wasn't for me .
running everywhere-aka wasting product
i got a mini version of this to try as a 100 point perk
it's a shame because it is very hydrating
it's waaaaay overpriced for what it is
less the awfulness of the product rub off on you
i actually think it's making it worse
this product wasn't for me.
i am ridiculously dry in the winter
although it's already fairly soft
it's expensive for such a small bottle
it's not for the good
it definitely makes me a bit shiny.
it's okay for the summer time for sure
this one makes me sooo oily before lunchtime
it's the first time i have a huge breakout
20 isn't enough protection out in this harsh texas sun
i like that's it has an spf
it's not greasy at all
it's convenient because it doesn't take too long for my skin to absorb
apart from that it's fast absorbing
this just isn't like the original.
it's so bad that i don't /like/ using this cleanser
it was toadying for me.
i wonder if i got a bad batch.
i can't waste it
it was too expensive
i can't use it fast enough
the reason i gave it 4 stars is because it's a good wash
too bad because i really like it
i couldn't get over the subtle
although it says it's a "day cream"
it says it's an eye *cream*
it's also pretty expensive
it's very greasy upon application
i know it's probably because of the spf in it
it's also very thick
really haven't had too much luck
i find that it's quite drying
it's so weird since it is supposed to make your skin matte
that's where i get the most oil
may work well for someone not sooo oily.
it's difficult to find a moisturizer that doesn't make my t-zone look really shiny
it's going in the trash.
sadly made me break out super bad
it just wasn't meant to be
now it's really runny
it's impossible to get the right amount out of the tube
the price-tag ain't bad either
way overpraised for what it is
i don't think it is for mature skin
after reading the reviews i'm not sure if it's a hormonal thing or this cream
i think this is just too heavy while al
even though it's kind of pricey
plus is so pricy.
it's also a very thin formula
that's a little too much time
there seem to be happy reviews so maybe it's just my skin hat has a reaction to this
i think maybe it's just too strong of retinol for my skin
to me, it did nothing and was overpriced.
it made my skin flake so much it just wasn't worth it
would be an understatement
tacky feeling after you use it
it's a totally different product
just didn't seem heavy enough for night
not too light that it's gone in 30 min
but it's all subjective.
it's perfect for me
but the packaging is ridiculous!
it's just too gentle
it's not super bad but it's annoying.
oh how this gentle product broke me out so bad!!!
i feel like it's almost too gentle
it was too expensive anyway.
eye liner then this isn't for you
if you're prone to clogs like i am
it was sooo drying
i don't like the fact that it doesn't seem to completely rinse off tho
it was too expensive though
made my breakout go from mild to insane
too pricy for what it does.
it is cute and simple, yes.
the twist-top seemed cool
too bad it's going back.
lately it's been really bad
i probably won't buy this again because it's so expensive
it's sad that it doesn't work well at its price.
received a sample and oh my god does it stink!!!
didn't feel too heavy
really a bummer considering how expensive it is.
sadly this product doesn't
the fact that this is so wildly expensive
though it's a good concept too much lotion came out sometimes
this product just simply isn't for everyone.
it isn't much more money
it is really bulky
it could be tacky
was it an expensive bummer
it's not holy grail or anything
i don't think it's worth it
it's done wonders for my skin
it's so gentle i can use it around my eyes
it's too oily for me even though i'm a extremely try skin
definitely wasn't for me
i just think it's woo light for my dry skin.
this isn't for you
too quick for my liking
i wouldn't call it miraculous
i don't hate the cream
that's dreadful considering the $125
it's not the worst, but it's not the best.
i love kate's products, but this was mediocre.
this formula doesn't seem too special
it just seems overpriced for something that's mostly made up of silicones
i see that there's an oily mess in my nightst
it's much better on my skin
t isn't an issue of it being too rich for my skin type
quench doesn't seem like it's for me
wow i can't believe how greasy this is!
which i wasn't expecting
i guess it's a texture thing
too pricey for a mediocre wash.
i just cant get over the overly strong scent
it's expensive considering it doesn't work/do what it's formulated to do
it's okay for my skin, not 'omg wow love it'.
it's a shame because multiple sephora workers recommended this to me
pricey for what it does.
this stuff is very fancy
it's not that good..
i look for a two in one b/c i am kinda lazy
i don't think it's worth the high price tag.
but that's about it.
i guess i thought because it was oil free it was noncomedogenic
they're on the expensive side but so worth it.
unfortunately, i just couldn't.
it sorta helped my dry areas
$100 for this is just ridiculous!!!!
it's also lightweight and not greasy at all.
miserable feeling that i couldn't use it anymore after two days
since it's oil-free
i wanted to try the oil free since it's rave reviews
doled out the big bucks because if it works
it's kinda a hit or miss mostly a miss because it does work sometimes making the skin smooth
it's safe to say that for me
i don't think it is useful for my acne
which is pretty aggravating given it is not a cheap product
just a pricy face mask.
tis did nothing for me.
it seems like it's penetrating
better that the packaging was a bummer than the product
mine aren't that bad
it is too greasy.
it seems to maybe do a little bit
-the pump is ridiculous
at this point it's easier
it's the one thing i consistently use.
it's not a miracle treatment
it's just not worth it
you'd think something this pricey would have quality packaging
it's agonizing getting anything to come out!
i simply couldn't st
it's ok, i didn't see much for results.
can't say it's really all that amazing.
it works pretty welly
this mask is okay.
i didn't like the cream at all
f that's your thing
even though i was worried because it's so rich
i've sadly spent $150 on something i can't use
it is so overly fragranced i couldn't stand it.
it's still exactly the same.
it was too thick even though it was fabulously effective
i would've given this zero stars
it's also not terrible
this cream is just ok
it's a off putting oder for such a pricey item.
i wouldn't call it fishy
it's very off-putting
i feel that this very exspensive cream is hyped up by marketing
and for the price, it's kind of ridiculous.
flaky even though i was using lots of it
there isn't any product that's going to be a "miracle worker" for my dark spots
it's just a little too heavy for me
it's not the main ingrediants either because i picked up a drugstore product silimar to this
maybe it's just me
it seemed too greasy for me
seems more like a luxury item to me.
it's lightweight, it's not rich enough for me.
sadly for me it just doesn't seem to be moisturizing enough
it's probably more suited for ladies trying to prevent fine lines
if sticky isn't bad enough
this stuff is ridiculously sticky
i dont feel it delivers
when it's not on
i wasn't crazy about this product
spreading everywhere when it's on your plain face
then it's a great product
that's literally the only flaw.
it didn't seem to be that bad
it's kinda hard to just look past
so winters here are pretty brutal
it's just very basic
my nose was like "nope"
it's not too impressive either
this one isn't too expensive
i can't deny the metal ball feels amazing
the formula isn't there though
i wish it worked because it's pretty affordable
i feel like it's tightening things
it's great on the go
it was actually quite drying which seems counterproductive
maybe it's a great product
it's a bit pricey for what is supposed to do
this stings some of us when it's applied
there's cheaper sephora eye puffers that do work
oh this was a very bad thing for me.
i couldn't find many reviews for dark circles
it feels great to have the cool rollerball
dark circles aren't that bad
it comes out pretty watery
needless to say, i discontinued it.
well it's rich but too much from my perspective.
other than that it's just to heavy for my skin in my opinion it's definitely comedogenic
it used to be my fave thing ever
it's definitely a thick cream
it's not that good
it's not as good
it's a bit too thick for the face
it's normal everywhere else
so product is ok for mild use.
it stings which i don't mind in a product that works
this one is a dud
it's very hard to explain.
doesn't seem to have any particulary soothing properties
this product isn't amazing but isn't bad either.
nothing too terrible or intense
it's stupid expensive and it doesn't do anything.
it kinda just sits on my skin.
first of all, it's not your typical serum.
it does feel nice tho.
doesn't make me shinny
it's still a decent product
i don't know if it's the caffeine
it's just not for me
this doesn't sting one bit
shouldn't this have a little 'heat' to it?
get this oil in it you're screwed
for the price, i'm not so sure it's a great idea.
i think it's a good idea
it's not too thick or thin
i still get very shiny when i use it.
it's really only ok.
that makes this product completely useless to me
eh, not so much.
strange, but sadly true
when i got the jar i thought it was overpriced
lol, you got me straight twisted!
i wanted to like this product because it's cheaper
it's at an alright price point
i wouldn't say it's anything spectacular though.
for me, this product was just "meh".
this product broke my fave out something terrible
it's terrible for my skin
it's too loose a formula being an oil.
it's just become unbearable for me can't cover it with makeup cause there's too many bumps
literally, not even one itty bitty improvement.
i find the dispenser absolutely ridiculous
lol why this phallic like devise to dispense an eye cream?
the product is nice, a bit overpriced.
my face was soooo red
i still think it's expensive
'm not saying it's a bad product
it was actually kind of gross.
it's a bummer because i really wanted to like this product
but there's no oil control.
it isn't very little for the price.
like the other fab products i feel like it's a decent value
this really wasn't for me.
this is too expensive
it's okay because it's not greasy it soaks in quickly
my face isn't super smooth from it
i just wouldn't expect such a plain product coming from this br
it's because you're rolling the cold metal ball over it
which is what's supposed to depuff the bags
i think the packaging is cool
this item is mediocre as it isn't long lasting.
do think it's very easy to use
i don't think it worked well for de-puffing
it's a can't-be-without product.
it's an entirely different product
or it's only really made to cool
it doesn't roll well
mind aren't that dark
it's ridiculously overpriced for a small bottle that wouldn't even last a month seeing 'two drops' is not all you need for your entire face
i gave it 2 stars since i don't have both parts of it's system
for the price tag i don't think it's worth experimenting with this potion
it's thick and doesn't spread easily.
isn't a match for me
not worth it imo.
can't tell that it's even there—it has worked great for me with my oily skin
t was completely useless to me
a little pricey for what you get.
$50 and looks like i am going to be tossing it.
totally not worth it
that's about all it does
it's design makes it very hard to get to a large portion of the jar
the thing i don't like is the bottle design
totally waisted my money!
so this is a bit weird
it certainly isn't a miracle
won't feel bad about throwing it out
but that's just me.
it's not a terrible product
it wasn't worth it to me
which really bums me out as this is a $100+ little pot of cream
i wasn't aware it was so bad.
i don't usually write bad reviews
i don't care if it's the second coming of botox
maybe it's because i'm still in my 20's
i need the expensive stuff
btw, it's hard to rub into skin.
i want to like this product even though it's a little rich
it doesn't quite feel like a $100 product
although it seems to work fabulously
don't tell me it's inevitable because the face finish moisturizer smells lovely
this just made me look so shiny
this formula is so greasy
so that's why i didn't purchase it
not really worth the price honestly since it's basically just a pricey facial lotion
the description sounds so amazing
this product doesn't go on too heavy
it is just entirely too heavy for me
which is totally unheard of
meh, only the second time i've used it.
it seems so greasy.
this product is just way too greasy for me
i tried this because i really like the fab ultra repair cream
sometimes it's a bit greasy
there wasn't anything awful about this
people are right it kinda makes you flakey in patches
it's also kinda burns
although it's not too strong
it was pretty annoying.
it's extremely lightweight to a fault
considering it isn't very cheap
it's not unpleasant but the glam glow is better.
my imagination of this product was way better than it's reality
never had that feeling before it's rather tacky
this ridiculously expensive eye cream is too hard to apply to delicateeye skin
i know clay is having it's moment
guess this just isn't the right cleanser for me
kind of like an oily film
it's enough to cover my face
it's simply too expensive for such a small amount
feels kinda heavy for something that's supposed to be for acne prone skin
now it's chilling in the bottom of my drawer
combo skin breakout like crazy
but that's just my opinion.
this just isn't for me
this is going to sound odd
i think it's too gentle for me
since it's pretty expensive in my opinion
it's fine enough to use, for fun i suppose.
it's not terrible, but not worth the price.
that's all that i seen on the peel.
i guess it's an option kind of thing.
maybe my skin isn't in as bad of shape as i thought
definitely stear clear of this product ladies.
it's really fun just to use.
just to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke
forgetting sephora's awesome return policy
pretty bummed out it didn't live up to the hype.
it's annoying enough that i returned it
i looked greasy too!
too shiny for me
i can't say it's poor
can't say it's good
it's too thick and does not go on smoothly.
this cream was just too rich
i suppose it is in fact a marketing issue
the texture just wasn't right.
it has a really low spf too.
i looked like a greaseball
please bring back pure perfection
it's almost greasy in my opinion
cream feels nice, but isn't msrp nice.
it's a shame i didn't keep the box or receipt
suddenly i'm having a horrible break out like wtf?
don't feel too bad throwing it away
feels like big bang for your buck
i can't complain about the skin tone
it's not the products fault.
it's still extremely visible
so decadent and so.... pointless?
don't doubt it's great for others.
it proved too greasy
made my makeup soooo flawless
it's too heavy for my skin
it's good, but not great.
crikey, this stuff burns.
it's not really wowing me enough to entice me to spend almost $70 on a full-size jar
is nothing shy of a glorified shea
i dont feel like it's a "strong" enough formula to act as a daily cleanser
it didn't quite cut it
too expensive for that cream.
needless to say it was a disappointing product for me
i certainly wasn't blown away either
it was just a meh product
i don't think i'd be repurchasing just because it just was meh
also, it is a little too expensive.
it's a lightweight eye cream that i feel like could compare to a drugstore buy
it freaking made my eyes itch so freaking bad
it's way too expensive for how much you get anyway
it's not amazing, it's not awful, it's just okay.
it's too thick to begin with
that's the only pro of this product
i like the cream but this is getting ridiculous.
i think that's it's great this product works for so many
it's not a fantastic primer though.
it's nothing that makes me go
as for a mosturizer it's okay
it's really pricey though.
it's great for winter
it's a little over rated though.
this i feel indifferent on.
not sure it's worth it
once on it's own
i preferred it on it's own as it wasn't as greasy
it's just not for my skin type
it didn't break me out so that's good
feel like it makes my skin look almost oily because it's so shiny
great products, but it's very messy.
i put on a little bit too
so here's the thing
try another cream this one is overrated
which it doesn't totally feel like it does btw
the price not sure it's great
i knew the cream was going to be very rich just based on it's name
if it weren't for the film
maybe i'll get used to it since it's a new feeling
blush just won't stick at all to it.
it just didn't look very appealing.
it's very hard to get this film off
somehow the hyper-inflated prices are supposed to mean something
i just couldn't get it to not look patchy
maybe that's not long enough
it removes the product so then it makes it totally useless
i don't have many wrinkle
i don't really have any crow's feets
but i feel like it's too oily for me.
i don't think this is a bad product
anyways it's very lightweight
sadly this product contri
nothing too mind blowing
in my honest opinion it's just a plan
it's all very impressive
i splurged on this product because it sounded intriguing
i think it's due to the product
it didn't bug me
it sounded like a miracle product
then it’s pretty much useless to me
it felt nice but didn't de puff very much for me.
if you're really puffy
this product is lame!
it's not like i look instantly awake
it's nothing you couldn't get from cold spoons
i think the coolness helped a bit
it's perfect for my oily skin
i just hate how there is unnecessary glitter in there
it's really so strong
holy heck it's overpowering.
it's great for my combo skin
this stuff... greasy and disappointing.
get rid of this horrible concoction
wanted to like it as it's a nice formula
it's not even a cream -- it's a thick
because if it isn't the cream
sounds like utter bull, anyway.
it's nearly impossible to pump any out
it think the price is absolutely ridiculous though
i feel the sling it's mucho more smooth
it's definitely no good for dry skin
sadly it's too late for me to return it
i can't pin point what it smells like
it's too thick hence needs lots of patting it in.
so now that it's run out
this product is absolutely vile
it's a lot of wasted product
it is a low spf so i won't order again.
and i don't like the packaging.
for something that's supposed to be anti-aging this is definitely not moisturizing enough
it's very very very lightweight
we'd expect a thicker consistency
i feel like i am wasting 25% of this very expensive cream
my eye area isn't all that bad
it's not exactly perfect under makeup
it's too thick for my liking
which is too bad
i guess it was too rich for me
the $85 price tag for such a little itty bottle that does not deliver what it says it's supposed to is absurd
yes this product is expensive
that's why i rate it 3 out of 5.
for the price was underwhelmed by everything else about the creme
the only downside is it's expensive
yet oh so costly for the amount in the jar
it's honestly not worth it
although i do not think it's artificially scented
for such an outrageously expensive cream
you'd think a company wouldn't want to put in skin irritating ingredients
the jar is just silly
that's the way it is
i think it's worth it for that effect.
it sorta might have worked
it seemed like it sorta might have worked
maybe that's part of the problem
they aren't incredibly large or anything like that
it's nice when you apply
i believe it's a good moisterizer for my combination skin
product is still ok til may 2014
maybe my pores were a little less noticeable or maybe it was just wishful thinking
it's the only real
this one just wasn't for me
it's hard to get even one drop out of the dropper
it's hard to get the last 10% or so of the product out with the dropper
it's not for me.
i actually think it's worse now
aaaaaaaand that's where it stops, folks!
i guess i shouldn't believe the hype.
yep - with this stuff.
this product has some highfalutin stuff discovered in some sf lab
it all sounds like a cool story from a movie or something
it's too early to really
it's probably just too intense for my uber-sensitive skin
it's botchy and red and just awful.
alas, have they changed the spf formula?
it is not a cheap cream
it's also kind of oily and doesn't absorb well.
that stuff is not cheap!
but, when you stop using it disaster ensues!
kinda confused about it.
i feel bad wasting it
t lasts pretty long
it's okay just didn't note any different than any regular eye balm
it just isn't the same
it's honestly just okay.
i just don't find that pleasant
it's a decent eye cream.
it's no miracle, but it's decent.
unfortunately using it is a bit of a hassle
it's almost like it gives you a second skin which i just don't like
it turns white once it's set
this isn't the miracle for super oily skin
however, that dang white film!
you get the horrible white film!!!
this product is absolutely useless.
it's very meticulous to put on
it's pretty miraculous how my baggy eyes firmed up as this stuff dries
'm pretty positive i wasn't using too much
it's completely incompatible with make up
probably won't reorder once it's gone.
:) needless i to say, i didn't buy.
otherwise it's very thick
it's almost impossible to get it to lather
but this stuff is seriously gross.
that's how much i didn't like it
however it's just *really* thick
although it's smooth because it's an oil i feel like it really didn't clean much off my face
all that's left is oil
i don't like wasting products
so that's a plus for me
a bit expensive though for my tastes.
and it tastes soooo terrible.
this probably just wasn't a good fir for my skin.
this stuff is awful
if i get it on my lips it seriously tastes like sharpies
it was just whatevers
actually it is too sheer for me.
i like it because it's light
i think it's overpriced for what it it.
probably it's better for the winter
not super like-a-baby's-
i think i paid for the fancy bottle
so for me it's a return
i find this stuff to be a little heavy.
it's not a bad price
now that it's hot
it was super thick which i usually don't mind
maybe it's just a coincidence
it's very light weight
it's unfortunate because i like the its potent eye cream
for what it's worth
best part about this is the cute packaging.
noooo i still have quite a lot of product left ugh
this one is not super expensive
that's just about it
don't buy into the hype.
this burned like heck
it's basically just a pretty jar filled with empty promises
it's not that great.
spoiler alert : it's not potent.
it's super cute on my bathroom counter
it'll sting and hurt like crazy.
maybe it's good for just tired eyes
even though it's so thick
it's very thick and a little goes a long way.
it's decent as a moisturizer, albeit thick.
maybe i just have wonky skin?
can't return it because it's really expensive
i don't like giving negative reviews
it's quite strange as after applying
especially as kate somerville products are pretty pricey
this stuff seems to do ok
it's just not good for me.
if this stuff wasn't so expensive i'd buy it just for my h
it's just too expensive to buy over
i feel like it's too expensive a product to keep on my shelf
it is just ok.
unfortunately my skin just wasn't having it
there's nothing terrible about this eye cream
it's almost empty now
alas, this is one of them.
(the burning means it's working!
it's possible i just got a bad tube
it's hard to get out of the tube
it didn't quite cut it
finicky skin: doesn't make me break out
not super crazy about this scrub.
even though it's a bit messier
this didn't seem like a good value
i just can't justify keeping it
i don't believe that's the case.
tube, there just isn't that much product in it.
i personally can't say it's very effective for the cost
my fave does feel smoother when i use this product
it's just eh in my opinion
pricey product that i now can't use.
it's a very natural one
i got a weird sensation
however, this product is just...meh.
this wasn't moisturing at all
may be the spf but it's not my favorite.
it's not bad as a day-time eye cream.
i fell in love with it's rich
i don't love that it has spf
i think that's what makes it so sticky
it's hard to work into the skin
it's far pricier than my beloved clarins
maybe it was the spf?
it doesn't help with dark circles at all so that's disappointing
maybe i received a bad one
yikes - not the best henriksen product.
very unusual for an ole henriksen product.
i guess it's just not for me
i usually love ole henriksen products
it stings like crazy.
nothing to brag about with this eye cream.
this eye cream is a dud.
i don't think it's not worth the price
gentle it isn't on my face.
i believe it's one of the ingredients used
i chose it because it's for sensitive skin
i kinda feel like a chump for spending so much money on this eye cream
t wasn't a good product for me
alas it does not
this creme was a bit too harsh for me
f that's an issue for you
it is very tacky and simple sits on your skin.
don't be fooled by the word "nourishing" on the product
i always look greasy
it was quite expensive
i guess it just isn't for my type of skin
i wasn't crazy about this product.
way to expensive to do sooo little!
at first it's nice
i can't describe it other than its absolutely disgusting
this stuff is so gross.
this was just too greasy for me.
which isn't the worst part
first off, it stunk so bad i gaged!
the product is just pointless
which was a bit annoying because it took some time
but woah, the price... woah.
it's embarrassing how much i spend on skincare
that's the best way to describe it.
i feel bad to say this but it's gross.
it is ridiculously small.
soooo what's the point of this balm?
i agree that it feels a bit greasy
i didn't feel like it took away my makeup as well as eh
that is absolutely laughable
it doesn't really lather at all
it doesn't lather a super lot
for summer i find it's not cleansing enough
too bad i can't use this.
it's so creamy it's almost slippery.
just blah and old - kind of hard to explain!
for the price it's okay
this is pretty lightweight
it is way too perfumey
no worries i thought- i'll keep using it as part of my korean style routine
like cheap lipstick you'd use when you were a kid
it's really thick, too.
it is really expensive
alas, i had to return it.
it wasn't fast absorbing at all
i feel like it's still a little oily for me personally
it's been a staple product for me for ages
it's so hard to describe too.
it's just too fragrant for me to feel comfortable using it
t makes it kind of useless
that's probably more in the eye of the beholder
which seems super convenient
that's what it's for
but dealing with that scent is just ridiculous.
it irritates quite a bit
the packaging is cute
i won't be nuying this after it's empty.
it's ok i will give it three stars
i agree with some of the previous comments that it's an overpriced moisturizer
it's managed to cause an annoying flare up
it's not drying but feels filmy almost.
it's frothy, yes, but not drying.
it's also super small
it stings which i don't mind
it just looks a little weird
unfortunately that wasn't the case
i think that's a personal problem
idk i wouldn't recommend it
honestly you have to use a teeny amount on a pimple
i expected a little more oomph from this product considering it's $18
oh and its very tiny.
the formula definitely does it's job
charging 16$ for a itty bitty amount of product
it's the tiniest little bottle ever
i just wasn't getting great absorption
instead it's a bit greasy
maybe it's because of my age
once it's on my face it looks so oily
there's no shine as for anti aging effect it's too soon for me since i don't have any wrinkles yet
i don't even bother with night creams because i'm so lazy
i think it's a very good product if you have super dry skin
'm guessing it's just me
it's such a pretty color i sure wish it didn't feel greasy going on
the formula isn't easy to spread -it's really thick
my issue with this serum is that it honestly feels like a glorified primer
i don't like this kind of feeling.
it's nothing to rave about
made them look super disgusting which wasn't so great
it's unfortunate because the cream is very nice
i will finish the pot because it's somewhat doing the job
but oh god it is so, so lame.
that's where my "pros" of this cream stop
that's just preference on my part.
which is weird bc it's all natural?
it is winter so that's to be expected
it's consistency is awesome
it's nice to use once in awhile
can't say this is favorite
it's not the texture i thought it would be
it's just not for me
it's a satisfying factor that i was let down on
it's a good mask for those who aren't as concerned with pores
it's such a hassle to struggle with taking this off
this just wasn't that effective for me
it's a rather thin formula
it was not irritating
i got this because of the hype in instagram
it's fine but it's not phenomenal or anything!
it's not all that.
everyone likes it bc it doesn't over dry the skin- okay?
it's a little on the greasy side.
overall it's an okay
the cooling sensation makes you feel like it's working
low and behold it was this product.
it's a really good face wash
it was so weird
i think i need something more coarse
it's a nice product but it wasn't right for me.
it smelles odd to me too.
i don't think my skin drinks this.
this one feels greasy while it's on
it is not pricy
it is a little too greasy for me
this stuff is sooo greasy.
i don't really use it all too often just because of the horrid smell
it's going back to the store.
even if it's supposedly moisturising
i don't know if it's because the consistency is so thin i end up using more product
its not too bad
i guess you can call it lightweight because it's really watery
i just feel like it's running out too fast
maybe it's the packaging.
a bit too "lightweight" for me
kinda warm too the smell is literally like vicks which is fine clears out my sinuses too which is a plus the only thing is i don't think it's worth the price it does what it's supposed to shrinks the pimple
bam it's the same thang
this mask is just plain out terrible
alas i was let down
it's an okay mask
i don't think it's all that great
didn't work for my combo skin
it's too little product for the prize
this seems to be an ok product.
i will probably not be cluttering my vanity with it once i finish this bottle
this stuff ain't cheap
bit too much of a rip off for me!
deceiving packaging, too bad.
it didn't i am not a fav of the sensation or of the fact that it's black
this one definitely isn't
i guess it's targeted to oily
if you're dry it's not the best
at least i know it's the gel
im tired of paying so much for so little.
it's also way too light
just an ok product.
i find that because it's so creamy
maybe since it's fine for all skin types it's par for everyone
not overly in love
it's no miracle cream but i like it fine.
i don't have a bad complexion
it's just not for me.
i like that it's lightweight
i love this stuff for my ultra dry skin
it's just very sticky
it can get a bit tacky
lately it's just been getting worse
this definitely isn't it
hate that it's a dropper waste a lot
it's to easy to knock over
i didn't see anything overly impressive
i know this isn't very helpful
i don't where the hype
this one is a dud
it's going back...today!!
uh oh, i thought, why is this?
i found this to be quite pricy
is there such a thing as an eye serum that's too light?
oh well, everything can't work on everyones skin!
you know, those small but annoying bumps.
though this serum feels good to put on since it's lightweight
i realllly wanted to like this since it's supposed to be a cult favorite
really wanted to like this cleanser cause it's so cool
it's a bit thicker than other cleansers i have used it's just ok :
actually makes me a little queasy
the product isn't bad for your skin
found it simply wasn't a great hydrator
t wasn't all bad
this isn't really meant to be a st
it's wayyy too expensive
i wouldn't recommend it as anything more than an awesome moisturizer
it's so rich it feels luxurious on your skin.
fortunately it hasn't made them worse i guess that's a bonus
there's no instant lift
i like it for daytime because it's not oily
i think there's some ingredient i can't tolerate in here
maybe it's a skin type issue.
it's also suppose to be lightweight
i feel like it's a waste
bad idea - so shiny!
i don't know how it's good for oily/combo complexions
it's good but in very small portions.
it's a tad too heavy for my oiler areas
this made me super greasy
so for me it didn't blend easy.
i found this annoying
im just going to be blunt.
it's going in the garbage
maybe it's too thick for me or there is something in the ingredients that's clogging my pores
it's hard to get over, and it lingers forever.
it's not too strong at all.
i think this is good for extreme hot
this one is nice because of the other notes it's mixed with however it's really strong
this isn't a bad night cream by any means
it's pleasant on the skin
this product applied nicely- a little tacky
that's ok for overnight
it's not for me
this packaging just doesn't make sense
is an indulgent staple of my skin care routine
it think it's too pricey.
it's so strong that it bothers me
maybe it's because i'm just 26 years old
i just didn't think it's worth the money
in the end i think it's a gimmick with no payoff
it's quick and easy to use.
don't think it's worth the price tag
which seems a little crazy
alas for me it was a total disappointment
this is a dud and is going back to the store.
it's unfortunate because i probably won't buy it again as a result
the main thing i don't like about it is for an expensive cream it does not feel at all luxurious
i do think it's made my skin less dry so that' i like
for me it's nothing special
i know it's perfect for his skin which is also quite oily
it's okay after that.
sheer transformation is much better for oily monsters
i actually don't mind it, but it is strange.
that's the only downside, i'd say.
this is just unpleasant
especially because i love ole henriksen sheer transformation
i can't reallydo that because of the stinging
this creme just isn't for me
it's overly fragranced which is one of the reasons why i gave it only two stars
though that's probably just the combination of the citrus
didn't seem to be absorbing
the stink that accompanies it is a bit too much to bear
omg, i got this as a sample, thankfully.
guess my pillow will now stink
theres better things suited to headaches
it sounds like a dream product
lack of mattifying just isn't worth it
unfortunately i don't like the feeling
it's just too heavy for my combination skin
it left my stin tacky.
so far it's been good.
this has nicer packaging, but thats about it...
that's about it for me
don't waste your money on this super tiny
plus it's not a liquid
it's nearly all gone
hey the codes are enticing sometimes lol
once it didn't cool at all
only over it which i thought was weird
it didn't work every time which was annoying
kind of defeats the purpose, i'd say...
wasn't the product for me
which is not too bad
it's nice to use something to help it
it's not lifting type of tightening
it's pretty small for the price.
but that's about it.
yes it felt cool
thought maybe it was a coincidence
...but it's good as a hand cream...
this did absolutely nothing for those smiley lines
it's too dry for my t-zone
this is a nice moisturizer that's just ok for me.
very disappointing because it's so expensive!
thats about it though.
pricey for what it does
it's very difficult to justify the price tag.
i used it pretty infrequently though.
perhaps i got a bad batch?
do not recommend for oily skin as it's described.
it is very nice however as someone with oily skin it's too much
f you're dry or dull it's perfect
i always look super greasy
if you're oily like me
so sadly this oil isn't for me.
i think this oil is just too rich for me.
00 is too expensive to not love the oil
although i wouldn't say it's the most hydrating oil ever
some days i think it's fabulous
stopped using super pricey
it's nothing to compare to the one it's winner bestseller oil all the time if you know what i'm talking abt
'm not saying it's a bad product
it's a bummer because i love the luna oil
i find that it's very overpriced.
don't bother splurging on something this expensive
this cause an all over craziness
the smell was a little much too tbh.
i didn't get the hype!
i don't like this star rating system because 3 stars doesn't mean it's a bad product
have a pretty okay diet
this didn't seem strong
it's way too slow
thankfully it didn't break me out
doesn't feel like it's actually cleaning anything
kinda don't like the slimey-ness to the product
it was just blah
so far to me, not worth the hype
but it's really bad.
which i usually like
it's too much here
which seems too harsh
i guess it's suppose to smell like clay
it does seem to be overpriced though.
it's actual performance is just fine
it's kindof drying too.
feel like something should've changed by now
i mean i guess it sorta works
massaged for about 10 mins because it was waaaaaay too much
this porduct was vey greasy.
it didn't seem very smooth
it's not a bad products.
like momma always says-if something is too good to be true well yep you guessed it-it is too good to be true
it's like it was never there.
it's not worth it
yes my acne is a lil better
it's so ridiculously expensive
this product doesn't is not bad
it's absolutely not worth it
the packaging is ridiculous
it's too expensive to waste.
2 stars cause it's very gentle
this one just doesn't seem to have the right mojo for my skin
it's not overly drying or irritating
unfortunately, it was fairly underwhelming.
it's not greasy during the day
it wasn't doing it
tried this and it didn't de-puff nothing.
it's nice if your put it in the fridge
it just seemed kind of sticky/tacky
though annoying since i couldn't do much
this was kinda cool to use
it isn't very relaxing because it is so sticky
i like the icy cool feeling,kinda blow my mind.
just started using the mask and it's okay.
it wasn't bad at all
they're not worth it
i would use it in lieu of a "disco nap" to feel a bit perkier
i guess nothing is going to help my acne ugh
it's done absolutely nothing to my acne at all
theres little effect in me
it's a one pump use
it's generous if it works for you.
the packaging is so sexy
my skin eats it up oh
it's an awefully expensive product just to make mt face feel smooth
it stings when it's applied
after that it was pointless
this product wasn't irritating at all
i like that it's lightweight
the packaging is awful!
it's ok, smells funny, though.
seems pretty good, but a little sticky.
i find foundation sticks to it weird
decided to give this stuff a whirl
don't think it's that my skin is too dry for this
it's just downright terrible
if it's supposed to mattify the skin
no bad effects tho.
i didn't realize there are infomercials for this stuff
it's actually bad for your skin
yeah it's hydrating but only for like 5 minutes.
wasn't heavy at all
i wasn't expecting it to be quite this light
im afraid that its not a sos for thirsty skin
i believe it's overpriced and under-delivers.
so maybe it's just me
doesn't make me greasy
i don't think it's too old ladyish i love the smell
in about 30 minutes it's much nicer
yikes i don't want to stink like an old lady for 30 minutes
so that is pretty rad
maybe it's just my hair
seems a tad greasy at times
this isn't my favorite mask.
it's a good, solid mask.
it was gentle and that's about it.
this isn't a miracle product
i don't think it's worth the high price
but it's a fun mask.
it wasn't for me
it isn't really calming
it is just a mask that i use to make me feel coquette
it's not my taste.
because it's less greasy
it's very small package
the lady at sephora convinced me this one wouldn't be too heavy
the cream does say "very rich" so no surprise there lol
i didn't find it to be ultra rich
this was not horribly bad
it wasn't wow either
didn't like that it wasn't "velvety" enough for me
the sa at sephora recommended this like crazy
it's fairly ok, but def not a rescue level good.
its a tad greasy hence the thinness of the product
one star isn't low enough.
colour is horrible - doesn't blend.
(yes, the tube lasts that long!)
it has shinny stuff so that's why it's lights up you undereye area
there's absolutely no difference with my dark circles
that's about where it ends
i think it's overpriced.
i tried it on it's own
so maybe that's it
which is practically nothing
it's just an oil, nothing attractive to me.
it kinda luminates the skin
it was pure horror
it's just not for me.
unfortunately it's also breaking out a bit
the mask is ok
i can't handle the smell it's too strong for me.
it's very messy to use with the weird pump thing.
it's also pretty drying
it's not too harsh on the skin
it still gets 3 stars for it's quality
super greasy, super smelly, not for me
this cream is crazy expensive
sure is expensive boob cream :-)
it's the getting it on part that i hate
it's very effective if you're looking to brighten your skin
it's still too soon to tell
it's not made well in how it dispenses.
guess it's too harsh for my skin
this product seems like hype
then it's a good investment
that's all it did
realize it's the eye cream
that's really all it does.
this really doesn't feel like it's sinking in or rightfully moisturizing my face
and it's lightweight and quick-absorbing.
maybe its because it's winter in michigan
i like that it's light
it just feels mediocre?
it's not very intensive
it's already run out
it's simple, light, doesn't break me out.
the reason i am giving it 2 stars is because it is scentless
but not enough oomph for me in the winter.
i feel like the consistency makes you believe it's rich
heard it's a pretty good line of products that are affordable
feels like it's covered in oil
very wasteful to much money to throw away
there's nothing left in there
it's not better than caudalie or clinique when it comes to dark spots
slightly accomplishes what it's intended to do
probably happy it doesn't bc of the hefty price tag
rep made this seem like miracle in a jar
it was super pricey for me
now it goes on tacky
that doesn't mean it's for every body's skin in the same category
it was absolutely embarrassing!
so that's probably why i haven't seen results.
so you kind of feel like it's working
it wasn't greasy to start with
this is too gritty
the sensation it gives your face isn't bad
i think what's breaking me out is the little pumice bits
i know it's supposed to tingle
a pot full of trash that kinda gets cold.
it felt nice taking off because it's a gritty texture
though it's expensive af i love it .
it's pretty expensive for the amount of product you get
i couldn't justify getting the big jar.
but other than that, it's pretty much it.
maybe they're cheaping out?
it hurt my face sooo bad.
got this in the glamglow gift sexy.
probably not purchasing anything else from glam glow
it seemed like a no-brainer
it's hard to get the excess product off
i wouldn't say it's eye-illuminating
it seems to be a gimmick
the roller ball just seems plain silly
because it is pure junk
could be this just doesn't jive with my skin
this cream is such a letdown.
it wasn't quite a breakout
or if it's the product itself
i think sk2 prodeucts are overpriced
can't see it lasting too long
i will say that it's gentle
it felt pretty disgusting
it's not an unpleasant feeling
it is really not cheap.
it doesn't feel like it's going into my skin enough to plump my face
it's good not great!
it's a good eye balm
it's a decent eye cream
it's a decent eye cream
oh and did i mention that it stings??
i do find it slightly irritating
it's just an eye cream
didn't gross me out
not to mention it's extremely tough to get off.
it's so fun to see your pores get shown whats up with this mask
it's just gotten worse
breakouts that we're bad.
i kinda see a difference kind of don't
idk i was just expecting more effective results from this pricy mask
can't seem to like it
i just think it's overpriced for what it does
that's the reason for the poor rating.
but that's about it.
frankly it makes my face kind of greasy
feels heavy while it's setting/absorbing
the consistancy was too thin
maybe it's just not absorbing well enough.
it's just not appealing to me.
which is what it's intended for
i'd even go so far as to say it's lovely in the lightweight category
i give it a big "meh" and will be returning.
my skin doesn't like the "plus" version.
i can't seem to find the plain, old cream.
sadly it's just too strong for me
so that wasn't even overly surprising or what made me truly dislike it
which isn't really that oily
it's was a bit light to the touch
it's quite a shame my skin reacted this way because it seemed to rid of my oil relatively well
t was pretty effective
i feel like it's just making my face more oily
its strong it's awful
it's not incredibly greasy when i rub it into my h
once it's on my face
perhaps it's my age that makes this product only 2 stars
it is pretty thick
for me it was too heavy
that's not the case with this
it's just a no from me.
doesn't mean it's a bad product
it's rich yet non-oily
it's one you have to use religiously
i guess it's great for super oily skin people.
i liked this product very much but it is pricey.
it was expensive btw
didn't think twice since it's murad
murad products just don't seem to have any "oomph"
it's done nothing for my dark circles nor my fine lines
that's the worst part about beauty products
for a whopping $45 i don't think it's worth it
however, it's irritating to my eyes.
it burns my eyes sooooooooo bad
i mean nothing makes my irritates my skin
sting them like crazy
like zilch, nada, nothing.
it's way too expensive for what you get
some that were "meh"
it kind of falls into the "meh" category
unfortunately it's going back.
the spots are as catchy
it really bothers a little that it can't be absorbed fast
it was super easy to use
i'll continue to use it till it's gone
maybe it's just me.
it's not a cheap product
it doesn't even work as good as some cheap products
it's got my too scared!
this product just wasn't for me
especially given it was somewhat pricey
there's a decent amount in that jar
i swear this thing made me oilier than usual
i don't have a problem paying $80 for moisturizer if it's really awesome
it's an expensive gamble.
it is really annoying
i know, seems contradictory.
because it's so expensive
i wouldn't say this is a horrible product
maybe a little too fast
it's a bit too strong for me
i got this as a 100 point perk
i guess i just wasn't a c
i think it's been breaking me out more
the description sounds great.
basically didn't look at mirrors for my skin for
!nope, i still see them but smoother and smaller.
it's about time to use an eye cream
i don't think it's worth it
this little guy wasn't cheap
if you use much, it's a bit gooey.
ridiculously expensive for such a cheap product.
also my only complaint is that it's very pricy for such a tiny bottle
there's so much product left
ok so this doesn't brighten.
which makes it almost useless
there's hardly any product in the jar.
it's a decent eye cream
it's non-irritating and gentle.
there's shimmer which isn't too bad in most lighting
it's not oily and hasn't irritated my eyes.
while it's not a bad product
it's pretty see-through
its not disco crazy
and it kinda helps but i didn't really like it.
it's claims don't really live up
it's not ideal for my face
it's just too oily on its own
i am quite sensible to it
given 2 stars for cute packaging
probably wouldn't recommend it for extremely dry girls
it's an ok product.
the creme was incredibly good
it's honestly nothing special.
this one is just, eh.
it wasn't for me
when it's still sticky
this isn't a miracle cream
i find it's not enough in winter
the effect isn't pleasant
so this product isn't for me
it's quite ok, not spectacular.
it's a great on-the-go beauty product.
which was quite amusing
it's even a bigger gamble to try facial products
fun to apply with brushcons: expensive
but it's just alright.
it hasn't crazily improved my skin
big bummer- thumbs down!
i know it's a good br
that's the good news
but this one is a bit underwhelming.
it's not unbearable but it is noticeable.
but my skin feels a lil tight for a few mins.
maybe a little too light for my combo skin
perhaps it's too light for me
it's too bad since i thought i finally found a sunblock with a higher spf which doesn't make me look like a shiny mess
when it isn't super shiny
i think it's an ok product
it makes my face feel smooth but that's about it.
the packaging is really cute
my bottle didn't have very good packaging
maybe that's why there's 5 stars everywhere
y'all are drinkin the koolaid, kids.
it was pretty much hopeless
it wasn't a miracle product
this one felt pretty luxurious
overall, it's not bad.
there's nothing terrible about it
for a plain old moisturizer that kind of stinks
it's way too expensive for me
i don't really mind that sort of dewy look
i guess that's the "dewy finish"
this just wasn't for me
they’re not kidding about dewy finish.
isn't rich enough in the cold months
also it's not that fast absorbing.
it's insane how oily my face is.
the classing foam isn't doing much
ahh it's been a week
secondly it's not a dry oil
it isn't a high bar for me to say of an oil
i think it's meant for ladies who's skin can tolerate a lot of extras they throw in this kind of stuff
y'all it's so bad it smells like beer that's been sitting in the back of your car when its hotter than the devils behind outside
my skin does look fab tho.
this was too greasy.
this item is just ok
this isn't for me.
applied it that night did i realize it's a self tanner
nowhere on the packet does it say it's a "self tanning" product
however great the glow may be i don't think it's worth it
it's an ok product for light moisture
the rest is nonsense
it's not worth it.
it's made my skin a little to dull for my liking
it's so refreshing each time i put it on!!!
the breakout just wasn't worth it
it's very lightweight and soothing.
other than that it's ok.
sounded like all the right stuff
for some reason i just couldn't love this cream.
this wouldn't rankle overmuch
it's too expensive to just pitch
it's empty now and i have nothing good to say.
at first i thought maybe it's somethin' else goin on
if i don't see what everyone is so gah-gah for it is going back
unfortunately i can't use it because of the irritation
it isn't quite sticky
this is a very no-frills product that is good
which would be weird
this stuff didn't though
i guess i wouldn't recommend for combination skin
this product doesn't smell as bad as what other reviewers are saying
it's not a bad scent it's just a bit strong for me
it isn't irritating to my skin
this stuff isn't bad.
it does have a plastic-cheep smell to it that i do not like
assuming it wasn't the mask's fault
such a bummer, because i did like the product.
too heavy for me
this just wasn't for my skin
not so fond of using it for daytime.
it's super greasy, makes you so shiny.
my face was still tacky
by morning it's oily
it's actually super tacky
the jar says it's not supposed to be
i've tried to use half the jar to like it because it's dr
it's too much for my sensitive
i think one reason it stays on longer is because it is tacky
maybe because it has spf
i find that this product can easily be overdone
it wasn't for me.
it has been a bit dryer bc of the weather so thought this would be great as it's a bit heavier
there's nothing wrong with these products
i hate the twist
i am not exaggerating when i say it's given me the worst acne of my life
it definitely wasn't hot
it's pretty pricey for such a small bottle
because that's what the store rep recommended for my oily skin
i don't get the hype on this product.
perhaps there's something in it i'm allergic to
nothing a cheaper mask couldn't deliver
i get that it's "resurfacing"
it's definitely over-hyped.
i would've made a diy face mask that's a lot cheaper
the fact that it's 100% natural
though i feel like the product is over-hyped.
i think it's best for oily and blemish girls.
i just feel like this moisturizer is very mediocre
it's still very strong
i live in denver, where it's very dry.
the most annoying part of the incredibly expensive product
i suppose that's something?
sad because it was pretty expensive
the pump is super annoying tho.
overall it's an okay product
just wasn't as effective
i wasn't wearing a lot
this just isn't it for me
it's just not working out
got this as a sample and it completely reeks!
too overpriced for me
don't waste your hard-earned money on this overpriced stuff
that's all i noticed
i loved the no puffery gel.
that's pretty much it
refreshing when i applied it
we've all known them
i wouldn't buy again, but it isn't offensive.
because that's all it's good for
because they're more natural
i do like that it's lightweight
so nope, it went back.
this one wasn't crazy foamy
no bueno for me
that's just my opinion
it's not fun anymore buying online
needless to say this was a huge mistake
too bad it was discontinued
i don't look as tired.
everyone raves about it but i can't!
it's too expensive for what it does
oh well, on to the next product!
it has a sticky-ish
it's lovely as a primer.
that's something i've basically eliminated with constant cleansing
because it's primer-like
wasn't a fan of the cream itself
it didn't look or feel greasy
it's nice for everyday
thinking oh it has spf
even though it's oil-free
so, it's not worth the money.
it's nothing special at all
not cool... at all.
dumb move because it's way over priced there
it just seems like a typical eye cream
too bad it was discontinued
lovely, but much too expensive for what it does.
i wouldn't call this a miracle product
feels like a cheap face primer.
it's "slippy" and feels greasy.
especially since it's getting colder
i agree with the other reviewer that said this isn't for very dry eyes
it's an ok eye cream nothing amazing.
i guess that's the brighten part of the cream.
too bad it was discontinued
i don't think it's worth the price because it's just a heavy scented cleanser
it is just ok.
the product stang very badly
honestly $60 for this is kind of ridiculous
that's because i actually don't like it for my face
hair not so much (it's a bit heavy).
it is too greasy
it's getting 2 stars instead of 1 because i did like the texture
kinda defeats the purpose
it's not overly drying from what i noticed.
it's a really awful feeling
it's an ok product
it's probably not the best option
which is how it's marketed duh
it's okay for a quick refresh
still not as pricey as this
it's a such a waste of money
however, it makes my face feel...tacky?
i think it's greasy and takes forever to dry.
this stuff made me breakout like crazy
it's just not meant to be
agree with other reviewers that it's a bit runny as well
it's not for me.
it's not awful, it's just not amazing either.
they're just a little red
it's good but nothing over the top.
i find it really unpleasant
it's a little bit on the oily side
still it annoys me sometimes
i find this product underwhelming.
how it is perfect for 20 somethings
it's been a fairly long amount of time
i don't really like this eye cream
it's not the product for you
its not the best and it's not the worst.
it left my skin sooooo shiny
one of the reasons it's 2 stars
not worth the awful breakouts it gave me
because i'm not super picky
it's too heavy for the daytime
almost like it isn't completely absorbed
i like that it's thinner
i guess it's supposed to be dewy looking
it's not terrible but nothing great.
it's kind of runny and it will go a long way.
it's not a bad product
there's nothing on the box saying there is a "10 day purge"
so this really stings… it's tough to h
pads themselves aren't as nice
but it stings everytime.
it is pretty stripping
i feel like it's stripping my face
it is such a ripoff
it's a high end br
it's a mess to work with
i feel a bit stupid that in crazy impulse moment i dropped the money for this
that said,it's not completely terrible.
the hype about this "cult" classic are hard to underst
maybe i'm just underwhelmed because of the high price
it's a morning cleanser so it isn't for make up.
nice for when you want to feel a bit pampered though
anyways it feels very greasy when you put it on
i think it's all marketing
it's just a bit strong
i just think it's too much
it is quite expensive.
3 stars because it's a good product
minus 2 because of terrible packaging
did not "jive" with my makeup
for the record, it stings like crazy.
which i wouldn't mind
i did not like this serum because it's consistency was too thin
you can't beat the spf 37
overall it seems pretty useless
i do really like that it contains spf 37.
it's too expensive to buy as a moisturizer that doesn't follow through on its promises
i found it to be overly perfumey
it feels silly on my skin
especially because this is a pretty pricey product
so that's a little deceptive
$98 seemed pretty steep to me
it's the dry season
i realize it's very concentrated
thought it would be great with my hormones going kooky
also has a funny smell to it, almosts chokes ya!
this product wasn't for me.
it's pretty much a way more expensive version of aloe that doesn't work as good
that's why it's good to exfoliate all the time
it's not that this mask is bad.
i feel like this is only in the line up because it's known to be a good seller
it's not that effective
this mask wasn't necessarily bad
it wasn't great either
i think the price is absolutely outrageous
it perks it up a bit
can't believe it because this is a 45 dollar mask
it's an okay product
maybe it would be interesting on pancakes
so this isn't an issue for me
it's a shame because it really is a delight to apply
the packaging truly ruined it for me.
they're not too noticeable
especially because there's so many cheaper
it's basically thick water.
wondering if i got a dud
it is pure junk.
it claims that it's "gentle"
shiseido's stuff are usually quite mild
i then realized it's part of a system.
it's not for me
it's also very pricey.
it's very rich yet does not leave that sticky greasy feeling that i'm not a fan of
even though my skin isn't typically picky
i would only recommend this as a night cream because it's so heavy
this one just isn't for me.
sorry but it's going back.
i hate to be a debbie-downer
it's really that bad
it's all nice stuff and would i buy it again???
i do not recommend paying $80 for a glorified bengay/mentholatum eye cream
just bummed that it was so expensive.
a big clunky container that is impractical for traveling
it wasn't impressive enough to buy.
the xtend eye cream wasn't awful
maybe my skin is just too sensitive for stuff like this
i feel like it wears away fast tho
this one is "meh" at best
it's still light weight
i guess that's how you achieve a glowy face?
it's too expensive considering the small amount.
it was quite revolting.
maybe it's just me...
they're what turn it creamy
i think it's a great product
i don't think i like the slimy feel of the oil.
nope it left me itchy every time.
maybe i am too picky
i love how gentle it's
it's supposed to make your skin smooth
unfortunately it's not good for my skin
i like that it's a gel
it really wasn't for me
one i didn't want to like because it's quite pricey
maybe i got a bad bottle
i don't find anything %22exclusive%22 about this product except that it's clearly overpriced for absolutely no reason
i wish it wasn't so pricy
too bad, not a fan.
it's a solid so-so.
i feel bad throwing it away because it's pricey
maybe that's the product sinking into my skin?
i guess it was because of the dimethicone in it?
i couldn't feel the pumping
i guess it was wayyy too much moisture for my nose?
too bad it was discontinued
it's just not the perfect cream for me
not to mention it's loaded with too many chemicals
it's not even that great of an eye cream
it's done absolutely nothing for me
it is too expensive to do nothing.
it was very annoying
i think this cream was too rich for me.
there's nothing special about this
it was terrible and annoying.
this isn't much of an exception
haven't replaced it in a while because it's a bit expensive
it's probably all in my mind
that's not really the most ideal way to mask dark circles
i think it's making my makeup look cake-y
certainly not enough for the cold in nyc
the product does not stand up to it's hype.
thus it's expensive for what you get
not sure if it's a bad sample
it's smells like i stuck my face in someone's old gym bag or a towel that's been used a thous
nope didn't feel like skin is even plumped a little bit
can tell it's a good quality
this one just wasn't for me
maybe it'll keep me looking 20 in 20 years haha
wasn't sure i like the dense consistency
this product was pretty irritating to it
it's definitely not fit for very sensitive skin like mine
although it's fun to peel off the mask
although it's a satisfying feeling to peel this off
i gave this product three stars because it isn't horrible
it isn't great either
i only use this mask for fun.
maybe it's because i don't like peel-off masks much generally
feel like it's wasting my time using it.
i wasn't that crazy over it
this mask is awful!
don't dislike but it's not a game changer for me.
i think it's incredibly effective
the price point isn't awful
it's almost tacky when i touch my t-zone
it's still super oily
lasts for a loooong time
there's nothing special about it
it isn't overly drying
which is annoying once you get low on the product
i received this in my play box, and it's okay.
i don't feel exceptionally clean after i use this
the packaging is awful
it is clumsy, fussy and hard to work.
especially it being pricey!
i don't feel the brightening part of it at all
it's an instant gratification mask
it's ok but not for the price.
feels a little tacky on the face
another negative is that it feels rather tacky
this is too expensive for a product that does nothing
not cheap enough to keep
since it's by fresh
i can't go lower than 3 stars
for the money i don't think it's worth it for me
can't say much for its effects
it's probably a good buy
for 85 bucks a pop just moisturizing isn't good enough
then i was dumb
can't afford to have a dense
it belongs in a pump because it is so thick that the dropper is useless
dispense way too much
it's not a necessity for me
it was waaaaay too much for my combination skin
which isn't super important to me usually
it's not for me
it's pleasant to use,a little loose.
nothing really irritates it
think it's the company's error
it has a very watery consistency which i personally don't like
it's extremely expensive for what it is
i just can't like it
it's just one of those scents that you can't just forget because it's so over powering
there's better out there.
because it's just too greasy
and honestly, it doesn't look pretty haha.
felt like an absolute oil slick
overall i wouldn't recooked this
it's an ok way to get a moisture boost
awfully expensive cream to just use for that.
it's been over a week so my face is already heeled
it just wasn't pleasant
it's absorbed very quickly but it's quite dry.
omg it was a bad idea.
maybe because it's natural?
this stings quite terribly
for me so this is just glorified water
think it's the extract
i guess that's a plus.
now its goind back because it's not good
so this just isn't for me
ugh this stuff is awful stay away.
it's very annoying to constantly have to check throughout the day
especially since it's by nars
it is very pricey
it's sad because i'm only 25
first off how can a tinny tiny product cost so much money ?
the product it's self is very hard
this stick was useless
i simply looked shiny
the product is a bit pricey
when u put make up over it it feels kinda sticky
i don't think it's worth the money
it's not very pleasant during application
this is basically just a primer with a flashy name
having a hard time finding good wedding makeup for my stupid skin
this is not a bad primer.
i admittedly am new to a lancome product.
the cream wasn't too thick
it's great for layering
it's half way gone
it isn't for me
it's very lightweight and non-oily.
since it's just beginning to get hot
it is very pricey, but not necessarily good.
i couldn't justify keeping this for $75.00.
this is absolutely fake.
this is just ridiculous
i felt that using it was slightly anticlimactic
which is kind of cool
don't think it's worth the price for such temp results
which is mildly entertaining
it has little squishy things that are fun to smoosh
it's done nothing for my dark spots whatsoever
it is too greasy for me
unfortunately it caused a pretty bad breakout on my skin
very disappointing considering it wasn't cheap.
unfortunately i was quite wrong.
it's ok, but nothing special.
it loses a full two stars because it's such a freaking mess
and it's not pretty when you rub!
sounded like a good idea
it's very skippable for me
it was very irritating
the packaging is awful
fyi a little goes a very long way
would recommend to the gals that fit the tones
i don't think it's worth the money
just makes them look more pronounced
oh the hype of this stuff!
ish for how much you get
this eye remedy isn't for me
it is a bit pricy for a mask
it's a decent enough mask
i think it's better than 'just' a clay mask
that's about all it does
so far i would say it's alright
this seems greedy to me.
that's sad to me because it improved my complexion
what really was a let down was its utterly cheap packaging
it's an ok product
so what's the point?
i think it's hilarious it is packaged
it's a pity to spend $45 on a cream that does nothing
it's such a fine line
that it's really not worth the hassle
it's too much work
it isn't a bad product
i just want something effective that's not super harsh
this is just a bunch of fancy marketing
im normally very oily so this was a complete surprise
maybe sales aren't good
really upset about it maybe it's too oily for my skin :
i would say it's more of a medium.
i won't buy it again though because it's to dark.
it is sheer which i am ok with however i found it very greasy
it's like i haven't put anything on at all
it's definitely nice to toss on when i'm just running err
it's too dark for fair skin
it's too dark for me
now that i am not as tan, it's way too dark.
it's way too dark for my skin tone now
this is yet another example of "just because it is expensive doesn't mean it's good
it's not a bad product, but it isn't the best.
that wasn't the worst of it for me
i think it's worth being known how awful this product is
this is some terrible evil.
i wouldn't mention this
i also can't believe this stuff claims to be soothing
it's just the opposite- very drying
ok maybe that's exaggerating
a reminder that "natural" doesn't always mean "gentle
which i don't like
maybe i just got a bad batch of this cream
if you are very dry tho this might be fabulous
it wasn't too strong in the jar
and oh my god please only use a little bit.
just aren't paying enough attention
now that it's s little more humid
there's really nothing to say good or too bad about it
it's too intense to use all over the face
all that yucky stuff in on the strip
i think it could've been because of the size of my nose
unfortunately it's just a more expensive version with a little bit of an upside
it's pretty normal sized
the day cream is so goooood!
however the night cream was a little underwhelming
the nighttime creme wasn't too bad
however, it's so expensive.
this must be the stuff bad actors use to fake a good cry
i like how it's lightweight
all i can say is yikes.
like it says it's going to
that really wasn't the case
it was totally worthless
i think that the sample is slightly overpriced
this was just meh.
while it's not horrible it's also not very great
this mask is ok!
definitely wouldn't recommend this mask out of all the glam glow products
it's a nice mask, but i like supermud way more.
omg did this mess with my skin
i think overall it's a good product
it's definitely just suited for evening
it's a decent product that i liked
yuck no ew get it away from me
it's sticky, very sticky.
i only kept it because it's kinda nice at night with the refreshing scent
when i yawn, i tend to tear up alittle.
it's not only annoying
the product was very tacky
when i was perhaps overly generous with product
i can deal with something that is tacky
sadly it is just sticky
it was hydrating i guess but i won't be buying.
it's very gooey and not effective as it claims.
for me, this was useless.
i couldn't wear it under makeup because it's tacky
no bueno for me
unfortunately i don't think it's great for sensitive skin
that's where my love for this stops.
however it's extremely drying.
sadly cannot use this
there's a couple things i'm not a fan of
smooth i can't stop touching it
btw if you have the sample there's easily 4 applications in it
that's how thick it is
unfortunately it's going back to sephora
not anti ageing one bit.
i would have named it "creme it's alright".
it legit like a body
it burned so horribly that i can't imagine using this ever again
smooth im not sure if it's actually doing anything for my textured skin
i can't see spending sooo much money on it
ok shoulda known that something that promises everything wouldn't work
trying to find an alternative that's just as good
this serum is so unbelievably stinky
it's just like every other cream
got it as a perk.
i got this as a 500 point perk
it's so weird an oil would dry my skin out so much
frankly that's totally unreasonable at this cost.
this is almost the perfect creme except for one thing
the burn just isn't worth it to me
it is just a whole lotta perfumed
the cream itself was underwhelming
for me it's worked
this is a good mask 'cause it's so quick
unfortunately i think it was a little too harsh for my sensitive
surprisingly this one is just "meh" for me
it's probably because i have sensitive skin
it's scary how badly it hurt
i found it almost irritating
got a little bit tired of it
it's done absolutely nothing for my skin
i think this is a really gimmicky product.
i don't think it's worth the splurge
i stopped using it simply because it's mediocre
it's not as good as it advertised.
my first impression is that it's sticky
this product is very hyped
so far it's alright
i don't think it's working on my skin
sadly this expensive thing is the culprit :
it just was sort of blah
it's nice but i just didn't see results.
it's not irritating when you apply it
i think it's irritating me without me realizing it
it's really pricey too
and it's just pricey for what you get.
it's not a harsh mask at all
that's about all that's good about this cleanser
i can't seem to get past the uniqueness of it
i literally gag when using it.
the product is pretty pricey.
but it's a scent that i just can't place.
i've stopped using it -- it's clearly too greasy for my skin type
thought that i'd like this indulgent-sounding cleanser
this isn't the worst
it's not the best either
it's really hard to break down.
extremely overpriced for a mediocre product.
that's why i'm giving it 3 stars.
and it's thick so it doesn't really absorb well.
it isn't really a cream--it's more of a balm.
this cream is too rich for me.
i guess my biggest qualm is that i don't feel like it's doing much for my skin
it can be quite terrifying because it's so hard to get out
there's better ones out there.
doesn't seem to clean great.
it's not working like it used to
it's the same concept
i felt somewhere between "ooo this makes my skin feel smooth"
as many ole henriksen products have
this wouldn't be a bad starter
it also didn't feel luxurious, but was sticky.
the melting concept didn't work well for me
ole henricksen products are usually good
as a skin care nerd
it's honestly disappointing that the base
sure it's a cheap oil
it's quite honestly just embarrassing
i can't really blame the product too much
for me, this was grossly heavy and oily.
isn't bad, just way to expensive.
if the purpose of this overpriced cream was to do absolutely nothing
too expensive for doing nothing
it's very nice for what it is
unfortunately this contains some dubious ingredients that thankfully didn't irritate my skin on the first
it's not such a deep clean
i can't get enough of how lux it feels
for me it's too cloying
very surprising as i tend to like origins.
it was a waste of money because my darkspots aren't gone
it doesn't have a rich lather
while it wasn't unpleasant
it had too much of a perfumey fragrance which makes me think it's not very natural
it's just doesn't do much at all
which is kind of annoying
it's been a waste of money
it looks like i don't wash my face blackheads--bleh
so it's going back.
this one's no exception
it's just not for me in this ohio winter weather.
it was just... meh.
this thing is too expensive
i don't believe it's worth it
with all the hype
i can't remember what it's called
i'd say that the packaging is fun
it's just not for me i guess.
you may want to forgo this product unless you are 60+ with incredibly saggy features
it's too sticky for my liking
i don't see where it's making a difference
sadly this was useless
it's usually better than that"
for some reason it isn't up
it's a couple of dollars cheaper than dr
unfortunately it wasn't as quick
nothing special to rave about.
this mask was so disappointing my skin break out like crazy n m freaking out
especially since it was so spendy
not that it's a bad product
not cute, not cute at all!
this one isn't for me
i guess it's not for every type of skin
know it's still there
then the clear film felt kinda greasy
that wasn't a deal breaker for me
i wouldn't say it's overwhelming
it's very unusual feeling
just that it's too sticky
i don't like how sticky it feels.
i wasn't like "gosh
it's okay but not life-changing.
now i have to use it as crazy expensive h
my wrinkles are still there my dude
this one isn't cutting it for me
maybe it's my age
it's just an ok product
this isn't going to be like botox
wasn't smoother or anything.
theres a nice cool feeling once its on
doesn't have the ridiculous price that this bogus product has
plain and simple, this doesn't work.
don't waste your money on this very expensive peoduct
unfortunately this super sounding product did not do a thing
since it was too expensive to just chuck in the garbage
one thing is a gimmicky product
it's so expensive that it doesn't make sense to use it as a moisturizer
lotions that don't overpromise or come with such a ridiculous pricetag
with a high end price tag i don't wish to be hassling with a janky pump
glam glow, please fix this pump!
that's just my input though
glamglow cannot claim this is good for oily skin when it's not
as this is much too harsh
it's just not the right product for me.
i've got to say it's not a winner
it's literally a more watery version of the mask itself
it's not the cheapest of cleansers, so i'm bummed
it's light and not sticky.
it's very watery feeling.
i don't feel like it's cleansing enough
it's actually made my skin worse
it's not wow-ing
i like that it's light weight
i'd say it's for normal to combination skin.
it's not that bad
this stuff is total junk
this cream frankly is a waste of money
i also don't like that it's in a pot
it's nowhere near hydrating enough
bummer, but luckily it was just a play sample
it's overpriced for me that i need 3-4 pumps each time
i've tried sooo many different cleansers it's ridiculous
especially something that's only $12
unfortunately it's not for me
also waaaay too expensive.
i just don't think it's worth $72 in my opinion
it's not a miracle for my skin.
it is just ok.
if you feel like it's wrecking your skin
this stuff stinks sooo bad.
sticky which i didn't like
it's done basically nothing for my skin
one star because it's so overpriced.
it's making my skin look horrid
it's completely cleared my milia
there's other drunk elephant products i really like that work for my skin
this just wasn't for me.
got this in de let's b clear set
it feels like a cheap bar of soap.
my skin is pretty dang oily
t was pretty surprising
i really like the concept of these bars.
from what i understood- it's expensive
this wasn't for me.
it's way too rough for that
either way, it's a great lesson!
this is a piece of junk.
it's just inconvenient for me to do that
it isn't too heavy
it's clearly called greek yogurt because that what if feels like on your face
i don't wear waterproof anything
it's not as good
i guess it's supposed to be the moisturizing bit?
i love benefit but this one's a bust.
it's a fairly expensive product considering how little you actually get
let's start with the worst thing about this product:it includes alcohol
it did nothing- i mean literally zip zilch nadda.
ironing tip look really cute
that's mostly what you're paying for
i love the metal tip because it's both cute
however this product isn't a game changer
overall, this one was a dud.
for that i think it's a little overpriced
looks cute, but that's it.
sadly it was frankly useless
that tiny iron is just so cute and smart!
that's why i gave it two stars
that's mostly the extent of it
i soon realized that it is pretty much useless
i think it's a decent product.
i am so tired of benefit products being so darn expensive
this is such a gimmicky product from them.
the little iron is cute
well the packaging is just as cute as can be!
everything just looks icky
i don't feel it's a bad product
it got my face clean but that's about it.
don't get me wrong it's a nice product
i don't like the bottle it is deceiving.
paula begone's website also rated this poorly because it's so highly scented
it's not too bad though
it gets really annoying
apparently it's great for other people
it's pretty expensive to not do much
it almost feels like one pump isn't enough.
the fact that it's all gold
this one makes me feel like a genuine victim of advertising gimmicks
ooo, it's gold, so what!
kinda hard to get off too as it's so gooey.
it's really quite heavy
left a weird tacky texture to it after taking it off
meh, you can definitely skip this.
bc the mud mask is intended for that…this is a great gift idea
such a pretty mask but that's about it.
this was an absolute dud for me
this mask is okay.
it's just so pretty
this one seems a bit of a gimmick
the golden stuff is cheap glitter
it's such a mess to use, i don't.
it's almost impossible to get off.
this mask seemed really cool
plus it doesn't say this br
this hasn't really done anything for my skin pimple-wise
kind of messy since themask is so black
overall, this mask is okay but doesn't wow me.
maybe that's the problem
the black stuff is excellent for ugly selfies to send to your bff though
it's not a 5 star, but i do like it.
it's a huge problem it makes a horrible mess especially if i'm running late or have people stopping by
it's easy to clean up
it's good and very interesting.
it's a bit oily in summer
once it's on your face
totally don't get the high rating
i don't have bad skin at all
which isn't a good thing.
it isn't blowing me away
it's a very smooth application
or it's not worth it
i definitely don't love it or think it's worth the price
doesn't leave a greasy film
those weird little "caviar-like beads" are a bit annoying to pop
this eye cream isn't bad
this isn't a miracle product
it's not a bad eye cream
unfortunately, it's just done nothing.
without it's original packing
so this stuff was incredibly expensive.
the little silver balls are kinda wierd.
f you're like me
but at $40 for 5 oz, it's pricey.
got this in the glamglow gift sexy.
this is due to the only con i could find: it's scented with a very heavy
it's seriously working wonders
this cleanser isn't bad, it's just not for me.
it hasn't leaked so far
that's my only complain.
so maybe it's just me
my face was ridiculously oily
even though it's a mud
it's just okay, nothing special.
it's not bad, but it's not what i was expecting.
sadly i don't like it one bit :
definitely can't use it everyday.
it's probably just my skin
they still look dull
because it's not awful like a two
it's okay for now i suppose
i should've tried it in store so that's my own fault
it's not negligible either
it doesn't do much for dark circles
this probably isn't the cream for you
very tacky and made me breakout.
this stuff isn't all that great!
i think maybe it's the fact that this has shea
which is amazing btw
was too lazy to reorder online
no breakouts so thats a plus for me
it's way too strong and overwhelming.
not pleasant at all.
just because they're natural doesn't mean they're good
a whole lot cheaper too!
i can't remember the last time i had such an awful breakout
it just wasn't worth it
it's barely makeup because it's so sheer
i can't believe all the reviews that say it's "lightweight"
it's a little bit darker than i would like
it's not a bad product i just personally don't like it
which was pretty-cool
it feels good when you put it on: it's silky
that's why i have two stars.
it's not to bad, i thought it was a nice texture.
it's also pretty sticky.
is very tacky for awhile after
it's not that bad
this one is simply unbearable
oh it's my hands.
it's like chicken pox all over my face after using this
the smell isn't even a factor--doesn't bother me at all
let's just get the obvious out of the way
it's great that sephora has a return policy
it leaves a slightly tacky
unfortunately though this isn't a product for oily skin
i would call it more of a spoiled vodka cocktail thats been sitting out for a week
dennis gross does make some very nice products
maybe a little eery meeny money moe
just another gimmicky product.
can't last for too long
it's so easy to carry in my purse
it feels somewhat refreshing when i apply it
feels kind of like gak
i won't say it's this product for sure
because it's nearly impossible to say
it sounds perfect from the description
i find it quite messy to apply
for the price, it's nothing great.
it seems like a gimmick at best.
i found this really messy to use.
i appreciate that it's pure powder
plus it's messy and easly wasted!!
i don't think dry format is for me.
it seems more difficult to use than it's worth.
it seems overly expensive for what it does
meh, hard pass for me.
really couldn't get past the slick
it's not this product's fault.
it made me too shiny
in places i don't usually breakout
it's also a bit sticky for me
maybe it's just my skin?
it's ok nothing crazy
this is worse than useless
this stuff is awful.
it isn't the worst
btw the spf thing is definitely false advertising
but once it absorbs it's nice.
it's a very odd texture which i get it
it is super weird
i think that due to this heaviness
it's given me tiny milia
maybe it's just my skin
first of all it's pretty expensive for such a small amount
it's so thick it's impossible to rub out like you'd expect a normal cream to
i wanted to like this night cream because it's thick
i should've just bought a more expensive cream that really works
it's not a miracle product.
it's very very gentle , foamy and basic !!
like it doesn't worth $40 !
nevermind getting this on my sheets
it's one of the key products i use that's made a wonderful difference
i can't use it
it's so hard to blend
i know it's kind of funky
sadly, it just didn't live up to the hype.
it's so expensive and hyped up.
it's literally done nothing for my skin.
i'll finish it because it's so expensive
it's a pretty little bottle
it's going back to the store.
i hope it's worth the money because they're not cheap
this combo isn't for me
unfortunately the product turned out to be a dud.
it's thick and comes out messy in the dropper.
the dropper can't get it all out
it doesn't stay for long, and it is expensive.
it's such an utter waste of money.
duh that's why they call it putty i guess
very heavy and def not good as a primer.
i'll use the bottle up for wishful thinking
this primer does a weird "balling up" thing when applied
i think this is bit to oily for me.
nothing special i seem to not like primers
this stuff is just garbage for me
it's not like it's ever flaking
sometimes it gets sneaky
too costly a mistake for me.
it's unbearable for me most days
so just isn't the right fit for my skin.
it's pricey for a small amount
i like the idea of this, a primer with spf.
it wasn't worth it
it's absurd to pay $65 for a primer.
nothing special which is disappointing because i usually love fab products
it says it's mattifying
not the product that's the issue
that's about as long as it lasts
no joke, i think this made my skin oilier?
very disappointed since it's so pricey.
i do love that it's very lightweight
it's an okay product
just not what it's advertised to be
too bad, i normally like fab products.
the only reason that i gave this more than one star is because it's moisturizing
other than that, it's pretty awful.
funny that supposedly this product is supposed to help with shine- it makes me incredibly greasy
shiny pretty much immediately
i don't want the greasy look that added to my oily-ness
i've tried it for 4 days and it's awful.
i guess i'm the odd one out.
the only thing i really liked was it's thick texture
it doesn't blend whatsoever
i hate it it's waste of money.
i pretty much broke out with 3 or more big zits which is pretty unusual for me
it has a bizarre consistency that causes makeup to apply strangely
it's smooth when you apply it
this product is a joke.
kind of overpriced, but it does have an effect.
i feel like it isn't making my face very soft
it's a bit too thick for my liking
it wasn't a good fit for my combo skin
can't imagine it's actually for normal to dry skin
it's feels good because it's creamy
don't think it is very effective
im pretty sure it this facewash
it's supposed to be natural and refreshing.
it was a bit too greasy for the t zone.
it's good but not great?
it's just not the right formula for me
doesn't feel greasy at all
description it gives it's not worth it
its just wayy too lightweight for me
it doesn't feel like a night cream
it's not for me
the packaging is ridiculously bulky
as for the formula- it's awesome.
it just simply isn't for me.
it's not actually absorbing at all
it also made me pretty greasy.
also there's alcohol in this moisturizer which is lame
it's an okay eye cream.
overall, it's just meh.
it's consistently gotten worse
it was super messy
it was slightly less than meh
this one was the nightmare i don't even have sensitive skin
it just wasn't cutting it for me
it isn't like what i thought
that's all this product is
i guess it's better than nothing
this is a very expensive flop
it's almost drying actually.
it's not for me
i don't think it's worth rebuying
makes it appear like it's working
so thats a good thing.
it's not the most expensive eye cream i've ever used
this one wasn't for me
it's too expensive for a mediocre moisturizer.
in fact there really wasn't much "glow" at all.
it doesn't spread over the fave very easily.
i just generally disliked the product it wasn't worth the $ in my eyes
for the most part it's normal
oh my goodness this made skin so oily
it's too bad because it really was a good cleanser i enjoyed
which is weird because i mostly use the oil part
when makeup isn't so much an issue
nope, can't recommend this product:(
very perfumey or something just gave me a huge headache
it's almost like it doesn't want to blend
now that it's summer it's been a bit drier
it's like an oil slick on your face.
much too pricey to flake off.
this product is just an ugh all around from me.
the stuff is super thick
first aid beauty ultra repair spf unfortunately just wasn't for me
it's good if you're staying mostly inside or if it's a cooler day
it's not durable at all
it's pretty expensive for that purpose
it's just too heavy for my face
because who doesn't love masks
it's just not a good product.
it wasn't the worst mask i've used
cant say it's the best
it's difficult to come off
they just make it chunky
it's affordable, but i'm returning it.
it's pretty cool putting it on
the feeling when it's foaming up
i don't really notice any differences in my skin except it's a little bit red-er than usual after i use it
i don't use it as a mask
although it's fun it doesn't do anything for the skin
it doesn't wow me
i know this isn't for waterproof makeup
i don't think it's that safe
i feel like it makes my face a little bit more greasy than usual
something in this product isn't right
it was so strange yet refreshing!
:\otherwise it's your "no bells
i like how it's pink aswell
as weird as that may seem
it's okay,a typical mask.
this mask was ok
the only reason i'm giving this 3 stars is because it is sooo overpriced
now it's brown-ish and it's really dry!
it's ok not really worth the price
yeah nothing has changed
it's super smooth and feels really refreshing.
it's just a lot of grease.
it's a bit odd to take off
vile i just can't get over it
it is really expensive
it's good, just not game changing.
it's just really strong to me
i find this line of oils to be extremely overrated
i don't know if that's the nature of this oil or b/c it isn't a good batch
it's an interesting product
it's a little too much trouble for everyday usage
it's too much hassle for every day use for me
that's not the fault of the product
it was just too heavy
it's way too strong
other than that it's just ok
a tad pricey, but the reviews gave me high hopes.
it's basically an overpriced moisturizer.
sadly it's expensive an comes in a pretty glass container
this cream is just ok.
it is weird when applied
it's honestly super messy to use
it's a bummer because i've been wanting to try a charcoal cleanser
it's just a colossal mess
so sometimes it's great
when you attempt to screw the cap back on after use it's a slimey
the cleansing effect isn't bad
once it's out of the tube there's no putting it back
so what's the point?
i wouldn't say it absorbs
it's just not a great product.
they're all so expensive
i couldn't get past the tacky quality of this oil on my face
but i can't get past the tacky feel.
especially since it is quite pricey.
hype are way overrated
hmm i don't recommend this product for this price
it stunk like sour ness
i wont be finding out bc of the horrible smell
it's always been a fabulous product
i wouldn't say brighter
it's far too expensive for how little product there is
it's still not worth it to me
it's a big no for me
it's not for everyone.
i wouldn't say it's the best
the hype around this mask
it's good, but not great.
it just doesn't wow me.
ugh!i'm swapping this glamglow mask out asap.
too pricy... but this product is amazing
the way this mask makes my skin sooo smooth afterwords
this mask isn't anything much to brag about.
this mask does feel nice when it's on.
it's a lot of money for the lack of quality.
my dark circles r still there it's really disappointing
that's because it wasn't.
supposedly it's supposed to do that over time
i didn't get huge breakouts
these little sleeping masks are so cute it's hard to resist buying them
plus, the packaging is really bad.
only difference was my fave felt a bit ducky
it wasn't more than a glorified moisturizer
it's definitely not worth the money
if you're strictly oily i wouldn't splurge on this
the ingredients in the sephora product seem cheap to me
might return just cuz it's a tad bit drying
which seemed a little wasteful
like the acne wasn't there but it was haha
it's way too pricey for the amount of product you get
that's about the only plus i found
almost all of the reviews sound like the same scripted person
something that seems counterproductive
aka i don't have crazy weird skin
i think it's call millia?
it's a very light formula
it's not amazing enough for the price in my opinion
i don't like this product.
doesn't mean that it's amazing or worth your time
so that's a good sign
it seems to be totally dead.
it's okay for that
unfortunately i'm not sure which ingredients it's sensitive to
unfortunately, this one isn't.
it's very heavy on the skin
i can't figure this stuff out.
my fickle sensitive oily dumb skin is evened out
seems like a vicious cycle.
i wouldn't have minded so much
maybe that's just what it's supposed to feel like?
no it's just ok
wish it weren't so expensive
so for something to make me greasy is nuts
maybe for winter it'll be good
it's way too heavy
overpriced and poorly thought out.
i guess it's just not for me
overpriced sunscreen that does nothing as it says
i guess that's always
oxymoron because this stuff is sticky which i hate in a moisturizer
im sure it'll be great for normal skin
usually she's right on point
this would be great for very oily skin because it's super light
it was a little odd.
i only used a little bit
overpriced for a bad product.
plus it was irritating
the concept is kinda fun
it's somewhat sticky after application
after a couple of minutes it's actually pretty smooth
the sake balm is super interesting
i didn't still feel super dry
i didn't feel soft
the product is very sticky it is not a soft effect visually it's got a good effect
it's a fun jello-like texture.
other than it's fun to put on
it dries sooo sticky/ tacky.
at that point it was useless to me.
idk if it was a bad one
this eye cream does it's job
isn't the best feeling
although a bit pricey and didn't wow me.
the most annoying thing is that it flakes
i think it's a little too creamy
should be more like a balm like it's supposed to be
since it's a cream it won't last very long
i can't say it's anything other than a good moisturizer
i believe the line "it made me breakout" is overly exaggerated on sephora reviews
ok face cream, nothing special.
now that's probably a good thing to some people
as it's my special treat for myself
as a mask it's just fine.
it's a fun switch up
there's not a huge difference
not to mention very strange formula.
it's not the first ingredients
it's also very sticky
this product is very meh.
this wasn't for me
finally the dropper wouldn't work at all.
the dropper is absolutely horrible.
sadly it wasn't meant to be for me
it's just not worth $45.
it's not bad it's just very strong
figured it's worth pointing out
it's the only new product i used
still it wasn't that cooling
it's not the price for me
it's just another eye cream.
for the summer it's perfect for the dtyer onths won't do the job for my skin
t is absolutely crazy to me that it seems to be low on product already
perhaps i got a bad bottle.
i wouldn't say it's my holy grail or a product that i would keep reaching for
all this did was prove to be a mediocre moisturizer
it's true that it's great for sensitive skin
it's overpriced and not special in any way.
it's really irritating to the skin and eyes.
the packaging is cheap, bulky, and awkward.
it is super expensive
this product is a joke!
otherwise it'd be 4 stars easy
ugh it's so thick that it's unpleasant
it just isn't cutting it for my routine purposes
it's just not super obvious
it's almost like nothing is even on my face.
i would have to say it's a dud
this pilled up on my skin soooo badly.
i realize it wasn't
i really wanted to like this, but it's awful.
unfortunately it is quite sticky/tacky
which is difficult because of it's texture
it's made little balls from not absorbing completely
it's not completely terrible
i got this as a 100 point perk
unfortunately, it's pretty bad.
it was dull, and not as firm.
the description says it's lightweight
but once applied it feels tacky.
i got this as a 100-point perk
well... this sure isn't it.
it was tacky and sticky.
it feels tacky when on
it's better for night use
so far the only upside is that it's lightweight
it's not making me break out
i got this as a point perk
it's not bad at all
it did it's job
bottom line: it's not bad
the branding is cute though!
that's kind of what this reminded me of: a tacky primer that doesn't absorb
flaky makeup are two major no-nos for me
this one is kinda off
it wasn't awful, but i didn't enjoy it.
wasn't fond of the constancy
to me this product isn't worth the hyper
it's pricey for the quantity.
when i received it i thought that the box it was packaged in was really cute
the results are just meh for me
my goodness it is gross no think i got a nasty one
greasy on it's own.
this oil wasn't as bad
it's too strong for me
i don't think it's for every skin type
sadly this isn't the case
thought i'd try the orchid oil because it's a little cheaper
i mean it's not a bad scent
overpowering that i couldn't get past it
it's okay for an oil :
it's irritating to put on
not a huge turnoff of for me
it definitely doesn't give me the glowy
it's not even good
so that's definitely a plus
sorry to be the debbie downer on this one
it's consistency is so runny it's an absolute mess to try
did not even feel luxe when using
i guess this mask is fine
ok this stuff has so much hype surrounding it
except for a vague greasy sensation
even though it's a natural product
it is very medicinal and i just can't handle it!
there's really nothing about it that is rave worthy
actually look more tired
also, the packaging is really adorable.
my one gripe is the jar
the dropper made me feel like i was wasting product
its seems to be an ok product.
which is a bummer because this serum was more on the expensive side than comparable br
it's the same result
it's foolproof - i wish more products had it.
maybe that's a byproduct of the 3-in-1 concept
you think it's gone
i don't know if i got a rotten batch
this is some bad cream, in the classic sense.
can't wait until it's finished
the price is good but that's about it.
this was a dud for me
2 stars because it's a lot of product
this broke out my skin sooo bad!
this one was nauseating
get it for less w/a script
i don't mind a little stick but wow.
this is really stick and tacky in your skin.
it's a great product just not for my oily skin type
as it's highly comedogenic
this product is great except it's very sticky even hours after application
it taste great too lol
i guess the ingredients are too potent for my face
it's super lightweight which is such a shame for my dry skin
it's nice but i've actually used better.
it's definitely lightweight which is nice under spf in the summer
otherwise is completely useless for the price
useless in my opinion
it's fun in texture
wayyyyy too foamy it stresses me out that it feels like it does nothing
it is honestly just a novelty.
it's not a bad product- it's just not to my taste
it's not a deep clean
verily have signs of aging so for me this wasn't for me
it's a fun novelty but nothing really special.
steer clear don't buy into the hype
if you're the type of weirdo like me who likes to layer masks
nah, but it's still nice.
it is getting annoying
it's super lightweight and applies easily.
sort i freaking out at how fast my skin is changing
am using it until it's gone
it's not thick enough.
this stuff is just ok
expensive for meh results.
i don't know if it's because i have a deep skin tone
it also stinks kinda bad .
it's done nothing for me
this sorta worked sorta didn't
again besides it's over priced for a product that's does not wrk sighhh
it's too soon to tell
using a sexuality that isn't taken seriously as a punch line to a product is beyond awful
omg.. this stuff broke me out so horribly.
i don't feel like it delivered
this hype isn't real.
for something that's just ok
i guess i'm the odd duck here
it's so not worth it
got $15 worth of product wich is kind of annoying
honestly i don't feel like it's helping my acne
this isn't my perfect product
its a shame it wasn't a good product for me
so now i look like a pepperoni face.
i also wouldn't say it's the greatest cleanser ever
especially since it's supposed to "fill" fine lines
this seems overpriced for what it does
it's not a bad product
i can't say it's a really good one either
there's so much better
it is what i imagine spackle feels like
it reminds me of a cheap drugstore product.
this isn't that at all
for some silly reason
maybe it's just me!
it is a little gritty
so it's good, not great
the scrub seems pointless as it isnt exfolitating enough
all i know is that it felt too grainy like harsh.
it is "gritty" which i wasn't expecting.
this one is very bitty
so, let's be fair.
this product is crazy expensive.
it's literally like a spa for your face.
i can't quite describe it.
it's such a treat for your face
used this pretty religiously
an odd thing is that that container is ridiculously large
it's literally the greasiest thing i've ever put on my face
that's the only positive thing
it's a very mild winter here
right now it's just meh.
so you kinda get nothing or a glob.
especially considering it's really
i mean, it is soooo overpriced.
i don't think it's nearly as as expensive
it wasn't completely oily
unfortunately, i wasn't blown away.
