my skin started to be oily after 4-5hr of use.
waiting longer after serum
def overpriced for the stickiness it leaves your face with
i love the enzyme powder
after using the tatcha indigo h
while i love the tatcha indigo h
i dont know if this is due to the silver pigment or some conflicting oil in the mask
i got good genes
what makes this mask st
real still in the french quarter
it's no holy grail product
don't need a separate serum
i went back to a more creamy serum
goes on and feels just like aloe vera.
stick with the aloe vera
this serum was just ok.
i used this serum once to twice a day
i wouldn't purchase this serum again
this would be a great serum for overnight.
i stopped using this serum
i can't use fab ultra repair cream either
the serum is okay
fab products tend to pill on my skin
not really a serum- it's a gel.
i went through an entire bottle of this serum using almost daily
i used the whole bottle
i didn't like the gel texture
once i discontinued the serum automatically my skin did a 180
the word serum in the name is misleading though this is a gel texture not a typical more fluid texture of a serum
it was my first time using a serum
i love fab products.
for a price of $75 i expected this serum to work wonders
oily in the t-zone
to have a "corset like effect
i suppose this is the "corset" effect promised by the br
fine as a mosturizing serum, i guess.
clinique advertises it as an instant awakening creme for the eyes
now has a crepe-y
the essential-c goodie
i used the whole bottle
it wa also very oily.
now i use this for h
i do like the 30 spf protection
i love the essential-c day spf 15
even with the perfecting serum
it's lighter than the vitamin c one
left my undereyes purple with a full dose
again no product is a miracle wrinkle eraser lol
i finish with a final layer of vitamin c light lotion
which i cannot st
upon hitting your h
i feel like i'm wasting product to my h
i love the intense exfolikate for a 2x week treat
i also like that it's sulfate free
i decided to google it
gold kit for christmas
for the most part i really like peter thomas roth's products
i've used other peter thomas roth cleansers that felt more cleansing than this one
because i had been using just the 100% argan oil in this br
i am also using the 24k gold patches
the serum in the rollerball is great
the serum is very nice
this isn't the holy grail of wrinkle treatments
when i use patches i use serum two times.
the serum barely comes out of the rollerball
this is absolutely h
the patches cased my fine lines to be more pronounced
e from the glass vile
i love josie maran products
ter clumped all over my face
if i rubbed my h
i usually like josie maran products
i layered my argon oil on top
i just can't st
the argan oil which i love them
being a fan of the original argan oil
btw i have combo skin
i used this mask
"f" on packaging "a" on product = "c"
on the other h
the one main ingredient is corn starch?
i got this in the soko glam kit
like giorgio armani foundation or givenchy.
i don't have this issue with the dennis gross ferulic+retinol solution
the fact that it is slightly cheaper than sunday riley good genes
a rare miss for bare ms.
the brillian future serum is okay
it feels like a serum
anti aging or firming
f you have sensitive skin
the serum is nice
the backs of my h
i wouldn't even put it in the class of a serum
i am unhappy with the performance of this serum
i love the concept of milk makeup
i love milk makeup
so mine didn't have the rollerball
i tested it on my h
i tried out two milk products
im just that sensitive.
f your skin is 1
i usually use josie maran argan oil
i definitely prefer josie maran or marula
i live in florida
ow as hoping that this would help hydrate my skin
settle for aloe vera
i mean old glue mixed with b
i wouldn't use it on a regular basis bc it smells like glue
my face moisturizer is over 3 fl oz
i love the other milk products i've tried
because it is like a serum so theres extra moister
don"t waste your money.
the spray does not all distri
was excited bc i love tarte products
i used it with my clarisonic mia.
very oily in my t-zone
seeing as it's marketed towards combo/oily skin
the korres greek yoghurt sleeping facial
vitamin c is very good for your skin-
i usually swear by korres products
the whole benefit of the 1000% vitamin c absorption
i normally use make up forever hd corrector
i applied "drink of h2o" many times before foundation
i mean i have mega oily skin
i watched desi perkens skincare routine who's face is literally perfection
this is my 2nd eye massager
this eye serum is difficult to use.
to massage the serum on to the eye area
ards for cleansing oils
i love the facial oil from this line
it's rich in omegas
woo hoo a cleansers that nourishes
i been using sk ll rna creme for a month now.
not unlike vitamin c which retrogrades when exposed to light
sk-ll 's line al
it's now been a month i been using just sk ll rna creme am
i got a free tub of sk ll rna creme as a part of the br
i am always on the hunt for a holy grail skin care product
i used sk-ii prior to applying my daily moisturizer
the sk-ii r.n.a.
in my oily t-zone
there was no serum to rub
didn't notice any brightening effect from the enzymes
i like other ptr products
the serum is runny
it contains peptides which helps to reduce the appearance of dark circles
it helps to de-puff my undereye
i live in ga and it.
i love fab products.
i love fab products
using the oatmeal mask
since it was called a spot corrector i used it in r
om spots on my face
the josie maran 100% argan oil
super oily in the summer/fall plus r
om patches of either depending on the day
chemically for the first minute or two
the product its ok.
ts perfect for dry skin
when i use it again it it will be used bare or with a bb/cc cream
i received the beam team hydrate + glow complementary from the estée edit
ive been mixing it with my bb cream with spf
is reminiscent of the marc jacobs liquid highlight that i love or the becca skin perfecter
i simply cannot h
this i cannot h
i am normal skin/oily t-zone
i love fresh br
i just purchased the lotus cream
i absolutely loved their evening facial repair serum
or brightness since i started using it
because i like the lala retro cream
i've tried it with the c serum
i tried on my h
i am also a firm believer in combining vitamins c
b for ultimate brightening/hydration
i am still using de's vitamin c
i used the whole bottle
you're better off trying a diff product
i love de products and i use them, religiously.
i used this as my serum
all were minis with exception of b-hydra
i apply my serum
yeast is an ingredient.
i normal use fab
i love origins products
some are my holy grails
i love origins masks almost more than any other br
i also use peter thomas roth
after checking the ingredients i saw alcohol denatured was the 2nd ingredient
this "golden krocus elixir serum" seals the deal.
the second ingredient after water is alcohol denatured
smells like old gr
the stuff my gr
01 oz i barely use quarter of a teaspoon morning
for reference ive used
it felt like i was slathering my gr
i couldn't continue use bc the scent was to overwhelming:
nto saffron beauty products lately
if you like the smell of your gr
i don't really have pronounced pores
this serum is a pretty product.
if i am going to pay $100 for a serum
like vitamin c or aha serums
korres products tend to be like ths
i wanted to love this serum
i smelled like old gr
this serum smells exactly like old gr
i cannot believe how useless this serum was
ok so on one h
this serum has so much glitter in it!
really for a skin serum
i love the benefits of the vitamin c
directly into my h
bought it because of kathleenlights on yt
i like the glass packaging
sd often is accompanied with sensitive skin
the pyrithione zinc is great for sd
ruff shampoo to my sd spots while in the shower
the color was "meh"
it does not de-puff
the applicator is ok
the product is a nice night-time serum
when i apply tinted bb cream after it
good genes & luna are amazing for my skin.
the martian toner actually
it doesn't combine well with other exfoliative/enzyme products
if i skip the tidal
i do love the lactic acid
i used the small 5ml jar first
moisturizer if i can get past the very strong gr
i recently changed primers
i tried different primers i had
i got this in exchange for 100pts.
whats the percent of glycolic???
it feels like ordinary h
it reminds me of smashbox primers where its silicone based
despite it's aqua forming appearance
jart bb creams to sheer them out
then i started using it under bb cream
asian combination skin in my mid 20s.
much rather use a sephora br
i like this serum
it was recommended to buy as a day serum.
the serum felt nice upon application
this product def not
especially since i enjoy the retinol fusion pm face serum
i've tried the sk-ii now for a little over a month
treatment oils can be purchased from other br
direct from the br
def way tooooo much fragrance.
might work for oiler/combo skin
the hydration was better than some pricey br
i even tried applying a 2nd layer
then generously spread on a 2nd layer 20 min later
i know la is dry
i am super dry
i took this to the british virgin isl
this was in a lip balm type sampler tube
i read about this in a medi-spa magazine
i expect more from kate somerville.
that being said i do love the goat milk moisturizer from kate somerville
i am a big fan of the ks goat milk cream
omg i needed a peel after that!!!
i upped my application to 2x per day
currently under control thanks to my fave lancer glycolic treatment
i like herbivore products
i used the whole bottle
i need a daily spf.
ts made my skin feel
this cream is good combined with my josie maran argan oil
overpriced for facial paste!
i used it as a primer under my hg foundation
i used as directed by ha ji wan
i just spray it on my h
my estrogen levels plummet
ive used it as a primer
im still super oily within an hour.
it is chalk full of dimethicone which i don't like
i even mixed it with the cover fx drops
paired with the cover fx mattifying primer
my foundation basically never set b/c of it
i already use primers
i've tried benefits matte rescue
this serum is nice
this is my first time using a serum
i used this white
this does have shea
then tried a smaller amount in the morning after the vit c serum
i live in canada
the b hydra mixed with a few drops of their marula oil is plenty
it absorbed ve3ry quickly into my skin
very oily t zone
not even with the vitamin c serum
i only use it as a h
without the serum this winter
f you need a radiance gel-this is for you
i paired this under powder.
i don't need any more highlighters
i received this in my april sephora play beauty box in the shade nude glow
now i can't st
my t-zone became oily
does not de-puff
you're a skin care br
it's texture is too silicone-y
i run combination to oily
the clinique would pill up
stopped the mystifying power if my cc cream
i used it with it cosmetics cc cream which contains amazonian clay
def doesn't "blur" or hydrate
i put this on under the it cosmetics bb cream i received in my play bag
it's like the smashbox primers
i found that the thickness of the product
i neither moisturizes nor primes that effectively
siince i dont always like using a full coverage liquid
i got 5+ uses out of it
i received this in my oct.
gel in it i love
ty a sample first if you can!
the formulation is okay
at least the rice enzyme powder in classic is still my friend
minima dead skin removal
i used this mask
i love origins masks
i like this br
denatured alcohol is the 2nd ingredient
the copper color is cool
i am all about korean and japanese skin care.
s for more than 20min after i washed my face
i usually love josie maran products
jack black makes alot of "summer"moisturizers.
clean break,double duty etc etc.
the product in your h
i love the idea of k beauty products
after reading the reviews for the lancome energie de vie oil cleanser
i love lancome's bi-facil eye makeup remover
i used after the genifique serum as suggested
a bit oily in the t-zone
thought it was a serum
ard moisturizer with a ton of alcohol added to thin out the texture
the texture reminds me of alcohol-based h
it's alcohol denatured is the 3rd ingredient in there
my only con is the stickiness of it
i like that it's a serum
if i use this after my serum
if i use my serum
as i have combo skin
i am about a nc37 right now
energie de vie definitely did not work for me.
ingredients:ascorbyl palmitate is mildly comedogenic
just came back from using it on my 5 day disney vac
the smell is like a mustier version of the smarties c
it is not a holy grail .
the serum just sits on top
be done with sr
honestly the wining combo is toner
i'll review this again after i try it with martian toner
i love sunday riley's products
i used the whole bottle
effective as many of the other products from sunday riley
i am going to stick to luna oil.
or stick with the trusty luna oil instead.
their good genes a miracle product
i dont care for the clumps of "fruit" .
it's the same thickness!
before this new "optimizer" serum
improved" version of their clinical dark spot corrector
i don't need an entire pump of this serum
when i layered it over the tata harper repairative moisturizer it performed much better
just apply my tarte drink of h2o which works much better
first time that i have used a tata harper product
take the radish down girl....way down.....p.s.
first of all i cannot st
i love tata harper
ard tata harper herbally scent
as a fan of dr br
after one use i swear i used 2/3 of the product in the tube
i stopped using my korres black pine serum
the primer or the serum balls up
i will write a separate review of the genius vit c serum
i like the mask
the price on the other h
i love face masks
i love any skin product with honey as i grew up in the l
also my bee venom cream gives better result
tatas honey resurfacing mask much better than this
i normally love peter thomas roth products
i liked peter thomas roth masks, though.
i started off with the peter thomas roth acne value set
i knew that this contained sulfur
have used this br
even under foundation or cc
it smells like my gr
that and alcohol are big "no nos."
i just can't st
i removed the excess product with witch hazel
main ingredient is iron powder
the actual mask-ness of this mask
i normally love dr
after i watched the videos of tina wong
the entire skin inc line is noneffective for me.
for this little bottle of serum
t can't be spread
i normally like dr
i love dr. gross skincare but this is a fail.
u have to mix the two.
if they remade this with the fragrance they use in the essential c serum i am back immediately
really like this natural br
a higher ph can strip your skin
my oily t-zone
i actually purchased this along with the serum
only 8 oz of product i expected more
if you research ha doesn't work topically.
it's really more like a gel/serum consistency
i'd rather buy a drug store br
purchased this along with the serum
find other serum/essence
the cc cream is a lifesaver
it was somewhere in between a cc cream
im of east indian heritage with a medium warm complexion
tan skin based on it cosmetic's cc cream
that kind of defeats the purpose of a color corrector
same w/the foundation.
t works like a foundation
the pump isn't sufficient to get to all the serum
have combo/normal skin
i noticed it's silicon
when i tested on my h
as an african american woman
the je ne sais quoi lip treatment is fantastic
disclaimer * i have very oily skin
the thickness of the product
i "melted" it in my h
i just started using b/c i have very red-prone skin
i went to europe for the summer
i like that is has spf
i am an african-american woman with almond-colored skin tone
hyper pigmentation that st
t could blend it
its like a bb cream because it has good cover
i love dr. jart's products.
i normally love dr
that's a holy grail product hands down
bare minerals or shu uemera
with balms on the other h
right now i use micellar water w/ cotton pads
it feels like youre putting melted c
le wax on your face
tried bb cream instead
i typically use a retinol serum at night
n i don't have sensitive skin!
don't anticipate a d breakouts with this cream
i can't believe i spent over $60 for an ounce of shea
cold-pressed miracle ingredient from the nile valley" was none other than common shea
is shea butter good for skin?
ter is hailed for its protective
it has high amounts of vitamin e
ter aids with the re-hydration of dry
ter is solid at room temperature
you can pick up shea
ter at your local natural food store at 20% of the price of the lxmi product
i desperately needed a h
i don't care how potent this cream is
i tried it on my h
i typically wear bb cream or light foundation
i followed it with the enzyme powder
the rice enzymes are a little drying for this canadian wonder
this product is like a paste.
the bar on the other h
oil i love the oil
the serum pa let this came with is really good though
i usually use la mer
the serum is really a cute touch
it's basically an ointment
especially since i use retinol products.
cream for my super dry h
the shimmer is straight up silver on my nw45 skin
when i swatched it on my h
the sun hits my h
o_o if glitter is your thing
i put it bb over it
this product doesn't st
i love tarte but this product is a total flop.
the drink of h2o moisturizer is so much better
after i washed my h
the pros: lots of holographic glitter
my face looks like edward cullen in broad daylight
not to mention my h
i ordered this from tarte
has a gold micro glitter.
the visionnaire yeux – eye on correction
com for testing purposes
i found for my combo skin
think is a good prevention serum
although peter has more silicone
glucosamine is an interesting ingredient
i generally like kate somerville products
maybe it works as a serum
when i applied this serum
the serum is very light
i love all other kate somerville products.
i actually really like this serum.
it has the consistency of a serum/primer
i love this serum
i've never had this problem with other vitamin c serums
dr.gross seems to make good products.
this vitamin c serum
fab products are usually holy grail for me
it doesn't work well under hd foundations
btw i have combo skin.
it did a ver poor job at removing makeup
ive benn using it for 2 weeks
followed up with my trusty dr jart moisture mask.
must be a placebo effect to the 5 star reviews.
i live in florida
i typically love masks
i received clarin's hydra-essentiel silky cream complimentary for testing/review purposes from influenster
i usually use the korres rose brightening serum
when i run my h
i even used the serum
i follow an asian skin care routine
the weird thing is ptr makes this in a serum yet it doesn't contain dimethicone
altho it doesn't have much coverage
s down my holy grail
i live in florida
doesn't really minimize pres at all.
i am light41 in kat von d lock it foundation or 90 ivoire in 24 hr teint idole by lancôme
an oily t-zone
right now and i applied it at 7a.m.
esp giving up 500 points
the pep start eye serum
such as polyvinyl alcohol
i used marula oil after
my skin does a lot better with lactic acid than it does with glycol
when i switched my skincare regimen to the de products
being a sun exposed san diego native i'm showing dry skin
the de skin cream
i am a fan of most de products.
personally i feel my skin looks better in the morning with the de pink serum
if u use powder it's fine
i live in virginia
offered me another all organic br
korean products tend to fit the bill
i've tried it over serum
i love josie's argan oil
i will continue to use argan oil
i do use josie maran argan oil
the argan eye cream then 5 drops of argan reserve face
girls buy argan milk instead.
my regular argan oil
i don't mind the ceo serum
i think its the vit c
f i had oily skin
i think vitamin c is better applied in a serum form rather than a moisturizer
i like to incorporate a product with vitamin c in it in my nightly routine
i saw that it has hydrogenated vegetable oil in the ingredients
my guess is that it has to do with the potent vitamin c inside the cream
in general i love sunday riley products
adore vitamin c products
ter on my face
this may be because i layer it on top of my serum
consistency of the ceo cream
when my skin has more of a chance to absorb the vitamin c
when i read the ingredient list i couldn't believe that this product actually has hydrogenated vegetable oil
just the vitamin c line
my skin is oily year round in florida.
i am a sr junkie.
i own good genes
since i started using sr
which is generally the dead giveaway that your vitamin c cream has gone bad
i love sunday riley products.
luna is my favorite retinoid
i also hesitate to use a vit c product packaged in a jar like this as the vit c will degrade quickly
i love the idea of vitamin c
i decided to venture from my usual sunday riley tidal moisturizer
ma/chemical type scent
it's my holy grail
stick to another sulfate free
an oily t-zone
the first 1 week with the crème de la mer was amazing
on my second week with the crème de la mer i started to break out
nevertheless, i will try other la mer products.
although i really enjoy la mer soft cream
i decided to try the original creme de la mer because of its reputation for healing skin
i do not like this version of la mer creme.
my favorite products are usually from france
after my first 2 weeks of using la mer
it is suppised to be filled with sea plant based antioxidants
the problem is that anti oxidants
la mer for sure has a cult following
with the helical based sunscreen
i've tried the original creme
on the other h
that's "creme de la mer
if you want the true la mer experience
i've had my eye on la mer for a while now
even in combination with the la mer moisturizer
so far so good as a daytime serum
i love the formulation
this serum is good
switched from a diff product
eventually gave up bc it pills under makeup
honestly it's no where near as effective at hydrating as any of the sunday riley oils
normal/combination- this will prob ruin your pillows
e anything more than other %100 squalane oils out there
it makes my t-zone oilier
my skin type is a combination of oily t-zone
it smells like pinesol and ajax.
you might as well buy a serum with a high percentage of hyaluronic acid in it
i love their products esp their serums however this clogged my pores to the max
i can't say i fell in love with sk-iir.n.a.
the sauna scrub from them is dope tho.
def worth ya mula
i just can't h
am currently on accutane
i tested the ph
ts tricky to find suitable skin care
green is my fav color
i do like ole as a br
my t-zone is super oily
im typically only oily in my t-zone
ts no big deal
with my t-zone being oily
bc i already have cleansers
my vitamin c is clear
i also think it was a great way for me to get into a vitamin c serum in a gentle way before going to a higher concentration
help with the ph of my skin
on days i need more coverage i use a bb cream over it
decided to dive into the la mer world
vit c improved my skin
even adding a vit c booster to this serum didn't help
i can't recommend to the oily-skinned
i started with the resveratrol serum
not that i need an anti wrinkle serum
this serum is good
indulging in this serum
also this serum made my h
the serum itself wasn't bad
i can't complain about the serum
i wanted to like this serum
i liked the fersali gold elixir
this product also did not mix well with the kat von d foundation
like the kylie jenner lip kits
getcha self some rose hip oil
i put some on my h
made it feel soo soft w/o that oily feel
then after i apply the rose gold elixir
i love the rose gold elixir
the dropper is great
the dropper is actual glass
the serum is thick
this product is just o.k.
kind of like marshmallows or some type of artificial c
the 24k gold elixar is definitely better then this
called it a holy grail product
going back to my normal serum
for example grapefruit extract is photosensitizing
way worse than vitamin c serums.
i also couldn't h
le the amount of glitter in this bottle
i wanted a fresh j-lo glow
not drying st all
probably due to butylene glycol
i didn't to apply powder at all with this product
just the word "antioxidant" sounded awesome to me
the one with spf 25
the product also lect my face shiny
yay, sadly after 40 min it stops working.
i've used the hydra life pro youth sorbet creme for about 6-7 years now
it really was thet true definition of a moisturizer
i used the old sorbet version daily
excellent hydra life pro-youth creme sorbet
currently switching my whole skincare to dior hydra life
this is more of an oil than a serum.
wrinkles- it didn't meet those st
the only other tata product that does this to me is the elixir vitae
i love clinique skin care.
i love the clinique moisture surge line
i love gel type formulas
this could be better if they contained more serum in the ampoule
f the formula in the ampoule contained more peptides
just stick to the normal dr jart hydrating sheet mask
this could be better if they contained more serum in the ampoule
f the formula in the ampoule contained more peptides
the product on the other h
my usual daily moisturizer is elta md am therapy.
as a lower-priced alternative to la mer gel cream
namely the alpha beta daily peel
ferulic acid + retinol brightening solution
the colloidal sulfur mask
along with the ceo oil
i received this as a deluxe sample hoping i'd find a nice vitamin c serum to add to my skin care regimen
due to using it 2x a day
i love sunday riley's good genes and luna!
i tried this serum
maybe bc all of the beeswax in it?
i love all sunday riley products.
i tried this with the samples of the tidal brightening cream
even the luna night oil
i love sunday rileys products
the vitamin c made my eyes burn so badly.
i loved the tarte drink of h2o
i really love korean skincare
i just use the lala product around my eyes for extra hydration instead
however i was missing the eye serum
the serum is very watery
i absolutely love de products
i really liked the way the bottle dispensed the eye serum
i can't say this eye serum was life-changing like some other de products
the eye serum from my local sephora store
i live in houston texas which generally has high humidity
immediately after using the serum
wanted to live this product especially since i've been using the glycolic night serum
the beste cleanser isn't one of them
i love all of my other d.e.
de is by far my favorite skincare br
i love de products
ing on my counter
so wittle- like a wittle 1.5 oz bottle.
for $22cnd i should get 4-5 uses like the other glam glows mask that cost $24cnd
its like good genes on steroids, wow.
needed amazing skin asap
then soaping it up in my h
on the other h
don't like the formulation.
added this at the end in place of my la mer creme
who doesn't love watermelon -yum
skin feels great after not tight or dry however for 3 oz @$34 i can live w/o
ph strips are coming out with a ph of 7
when i do apply the serum
i wasn't expecting a miracle out of this serum
the serum itself is just ok
this is also goes very well with turbo booster c powder
i do mix this every few days with the turbo booster c powder
mostly b/c i stay out of the sun
thought i'd try this serum
i like this serum
you'll see there are a tonne of beneficial hydration
anti-aging ingredients like polysaccharides
a more stable form of squalene
this is a great anti-aging product with inst
clinique moisture surge line plus pomifera oil as a serum
which i can't st
this is my new holy grail!!
on the other h
f you have dry skin
after about 5 mins my skin was super dry
kaolin as the first ingredient
humid in los angeles
i like this mask
i really wish they would exp
it blended out ok
the serum has a nice
the serum did add a good level of moisture
did not care for this serum at all
while i did like the thickness of the serum
i applied the serum
this serum is okay.
although not the worst serum i've used
f you have sensitive skin
the turmeric part of the serum is staining
my skin was sup er soft
why kate somerville called this product wrinkle warrior
i expect this eye serum to contain a powerful active like retinol
the matte after effect
i still felt a little silicone-y
definitely not a holy grail
i rotate my lactic
it pills up if i layer more than one other serum.
i ended up exchanging it for the vitamin c serum.
f you put other products on
i used the whole bottle
still on the hunt for the miracle serum
i've begun to use it during the daytime with some of the givenchy prisme libre powder over to keep it light
16 "luv the winter-nurturing essentials"
i recomend the vitamin plus from ole henriksen.
swear by ole henriksen products
perfect for the cold canadian winters
the vitamins in it probably degraded with use b/c of air exposure
it's a shame b/c it was holy grail when i first bought it
i love the african red tea cleanser
i much prefer their african foaming cleanser
it's not holy grail status
after 15 min if you rub your face it pills
i used the perfectors
the 3rd ingredient is a silicone.
on the other h
i cannot use this as a st
my skin is combo
i like that this delivers vitamin c in a way that keeps it from being exposed to air
dennis gross's ferulic serum for months
i applied a powder after
that's a plus for oily skin types
it turns out that this serum contains multiple sensitizing ingredients
i used this serum everyday for 2 weeks after i showered
i used truth serum for 3-4 weeks
decided to purchase the truth serum
sodium ascorbyl phosphate is second on the list
i compared the old bottle vs
i do not recommend this serum.
the serum is sticky
normal with oily t-zone
if you are a fan of orange c
ies than you'll like it
when i apply this serum
i've just gotten an rx from my derm for a real vitamin c serum
the vitamin c is obviously key
it was definitely the serum
it turns out glyceryl stearate se is highly comedogenic
triticum vulgare germ oil is highly comedogenic
breakout, oily skin and pih).
for the price, stick to la mer.
i applied a ton of products
it rly wasn't effective
i am a super-fan of purity
this dd not work for me.
i always bought the 2oz
accidentally purchased the 4oz online
btw i am african american with normal/combination skin
ptr retinol serum was a bit drying
i even combined it with philosophy's hope in a jar night creme
i researched retinal aroun the eyes
yea it moisturized my undereye some
i expected this to be a holy grail product
it's no magic potion
still in search of a de-puff eye cream
i went with this lotus eye gel
my search for the holy grail eye cream/gel continues
i like the fresh br
as i love their h
even from my h
bought a ren cleanser instead
i will change the bl
i end up using it as h
oily t-zone/combination skin
or people that use retin-a
wash my face 2x a day
the value is soo little
i found that a sulfur containing product was better for me
i like the portability of the pen
i love the natural boscia br
i enjoy other products by this br
i liked the texture on my h
i woke up with just "meh" level hydration
within a day i could see the effects of the vitamin c
oily t + dry all around
it also had a hard time taking off my kat von d eyeliner
scientific american, the washington post, etc.
i guess i just prefer foaming name brands more.
i just use a bb creme
the extra on my h
the proce was great too.
i need at least 15% vitamin c
it works well with the vitamin c syrum.
the dr dennis groos alpha beta peel which works wonders
i've een using this for 2 weeks
not a ava's product im a combination skin
i gave this 2-stars bc of its packaging.
i actually read dr
fine lines that i didn't notice with other br
or lather it up with your h
i prefer using powdered clay
most of the clay is on my h
i guess the soy?
in the milk version
it's moisturing，and the texture just like serum.
note: i have combination skin
the only con in my opinion is the artificial coloring
then cup your h
i want the mattifying properties
prime powder my t zone to avoid this
it claims to be matte???
my t zone gets oily
i think it was the dimethicone
look it up on ewg.org
after i wash the serum off my face
it seems like the serum acts as a topical diffuser
otherwise, it's a nice serum.
then applied the serum before bed
puffy that i can't st
le a very gritty exfoliator
true formulas from now on that contain peptides
i invested in a tube
it smells like those soaps your gr
unforfunately i cannot use it.
i applied a tiny amount to my h
got as a 100-pt bonus.
1st u pat it on
2nd u let it sit like a mask for 10 mins
i happen to liek other dr
i love dr. brandt's products!
really oily t zone
i believe that dr
well it smells like your gr
i don't like the container
on the other h
maybe i should be using this in a combination with a hyaluronic acid serum or something
i used the sephora name br
*sigh* ive used it for 2mths now
i dont like that it has alot of parabens
i do use other dr
enables me to use powdered
i love the moroccan oil after sun milk about 1000 times more
i live in florida
the high percentage of shea
ter mixed with the other thicker
however it contains only 5% of shea
imo an ok cream
i'll probably use it as a h
liked that it had vitamin c
don't know what dose my skin received
for my late 20's european skin
this is my second fail w/ murad products.
pigment lightening serum a few weeks ago
this product was formulated for tropical areas or areas when the uv beams are high
vitamin c is supposed to be great for the skin
i've read that spf can contri
it has vitamin c to keep skin bright and spf 30.
murad has taken the titanium dioxide sunscreen out
will try the ligthening serum again tho at night time
disappointed at the results of this cleanser vs the price
i honestly cannot tell the difference between this vitamin c cleanser
i used the essential c serum sample and loved it.
got this for my gr
as good as clinique
used as derma rep said
i like the cream itself
with enzyme in the name
s pumpkin enzyme masks
however unlike most enzyme masks
i picked this up in las vegas to hydrate
t i don't like leaving it on for 30 min
i really love other peter roth products.
i love the ptr line of anti-aging products.
love most of peter thomas roth's products
although i love ptr products
vs. the usual .50 oz.
slightly thicker than a serum
when you think of greek yogurt.
i love the greek yoghurt facial mask
the consistency was more liquid-y
i prefer this in the tube
taking the iq skin test
other than that there's nothing gr
d recommend this to anyone who is ok with scents in their facial products
the whole greek yoghurt aspect of this product reeled me in
because i love their purity line
they have the peptides that help produce collagen to " fill in " the fine lines
i also couldn't st
f you're on the fence
love dr dennis gross products
i do wear contact lenses
t doesn't add to the shine
normally i love all clinique products
t is the formulation of this product
i'll be sticking to my trusty extra virgin olive oil
it is so heavy for mr
the stye that formed
my huby prefered the clinique moister surge gel
my t-zone is oily
i live in houston
it made my t-zone matte
i always liked it bbc it absorbs quickly
this moisturizer doesn't last longer than 10 min.
wasn't super moisturising sook after
i love face masks
i do enjoy the vitamin nector mask
considering one of the contents is aloe vera.
my other rose items are made in france.
at times i use it as it is a pleasant placebo of taking care of myself
white paste left after application confirms that this product has the properties of physical sunscreen imo
oily in my t-zone
make sense bc this product def has a scent.
very moth ball-y
7 oz doesn't last too long
guessing it's the glycolic acid?
unlike jack black's beard lube
gross on my skin
the first ingredient is ethylhexyl palmitate which is highly comedogenic
have been very please with the vitamin c cleanser
i don't think it was the vitamin c as i have used other products with vitamin c on my entire face
how i wanted to love the essential-c eye cream
dispensing is nice b/c it's hygenic due to the pump
i loved it because it had the vitamin c
the vitamin c rationale sounded good
i just use it for the spf
the premier cru cream
may be some foundations or bb creams.
dennis gross was not in stock
on the other h
im 14 and i have combination skin.
which is clinique br
i generally like clinique
it's literally soap like h
then i eliminated the good genes
i usually love dr br
primer which far surpasses dr
this used to be my holy grail.
i tried to contact dr
t @@ i contacted sephora cs
it looks amazing under my bb cream
as i usually like dr
soi had breakouts in three days
thanks for nothing dr. gross!
0 oz in the packaging
when i apply a cc cream on top that provides a bit more moisture
i ended up switching to dr
primarily as a base for my dior bb cream it was terrible
dont see a difference after 4-6wks
was excited to try this serum
was excited to try their vitamin c serum
as soon as my regular serum arrives
initially i loved this serum.
when i tried the serum
bought ole henriksen serum instead
the serum felt good
a serum is not a prevention product.
i used korres wild rose brightening serum for a couple months
around the areas where i applied the serum
i've used the serum off
i like the high spf
i don't feel it's as effective as the peter thomas roth product i used to use
the extra strength alpha beta peels
i expected a lot more f rom such an expensive item
my cheeks are dy
i like this better than the argon oil
combined it with creme ancien this entire time
i love the clinique oil
especially in the chicago winters
i love most clinique products
i love clinique products
it smelt like a bottle of my gr
dr jart is a miracle cream compared to this.
i got this as a sample in a 4ml /.14oz.
mineral oil, petroleum, and paraffin.
i am not fan of limonene
coconut oil is definitely 10x better
i finished the creme
this mois not helpful at all
switched over to the gel creme
most of my primers pill up
the sephora lady recommend me this cus i get super oily in my t-zone
that's something i could get with a ds moisturizer
i give it a 3 star bc it didn't control oil after the 3 hr mark
51 oz jar of the wrinkleresist24 as well as the bio-performance sample
ter onto my face
left my face smelling like a gr
the serum from shiseido's brightening line
bought this product in march b/c the reviews are great
i just couldn't h
le the residue feeling after every wash
that it has spf
fits my asian skin
i didn't like the container.
ter on your face
i liked clinique eye/ face cream products.
it caused mila around my eyes
mostly ppl recommended it
not evenin the "t zone"
the same happened when i tried the ren mattifying fluid
i read the ingredients
i only use the ren peel.
ed to the products i'm using
i rubbed this cleansing milk between my h
use the ren glycol lactic exfoliating mask once per week
and i enjoy other products from the ren line.
like all the ingredients, etc.
wanted to look for a milk cleanser b/c in chicago you have heat in your place
ed me the product
on the other h
i love ren products except this one.
i've used other ren products for face
will continue to try other ren products
i enjoy ren products
as i love some of the other ren products
the thickness of this cream
i really wanted to love this as my hg daytime moisturizer isfrom ren
i will stick with my korres greek yoghurt sleeping facial instead
very disappointing for a ren product
ard night lotion: shiseido night moisture recharge
this is a well known formaldehyde releaser.
i picked up ren frankincense
boswellia serrata nightcream because i love the ethics of the br
i like this mask.
use an exfoliater/masks to get my aha/bha's
the new is 6 oz.
the old is 7 oz.
my pov this is burning toxic on my skin
always used a diff cleanser before
i used it with my mia clarisonic
which i can't st
i recently tried ptr rose wash
not as an all over face serum
it will pill/flake
it pills under the photodymanic therapy
which is the only fda-approved active ingredient in this serum
decided to splurge on the dermadoctor serum
when i switched to a different anti-acne serum formulation
bought the 60ml for try
the original formula had rice bran wax as an ingredient
now smell like vitamin c
i don't like the primer-texture this serum has
i've used another well-known vitamin c product for years
i did not know that it contains propylene glycol
it's not really a serum
i've tried many vit c serums before
i got this serum in the md dem
i would have preferred an actual serum
i think it's due to the other products in the dem
i love clinique products
it contains a nice amount of different antioxidant ingredients
just gimme my josie maran argan oil
it contains a nice amount of different antioxidant ingredients
just gimme my josie maran argan oil
i really wanted to like this because it contains so many anti-oxidants
i usually have good luck with clinique products
i love the peter thomas roth products
think it's better to stick with a nice vit c/antioxidant produt
my cle de peau concealer looked cakey
i used un-wrinkle eye
this product is good for vert oily face
i just couldn't h
i love the clay mask
i normally use the energie de vie night mask
got the energie de vie
i decided on this one because of the vitamins
so oily in the t-zone
it wasn't super foamy
ive used a lot of clinique products for acne a d this is by far the most ineffective
i will stick to my peter thomas roth acne spot
i dont recommmend this for combination skin types bc it is a gel-lotion base
5 for giorgio armani silk foundation).
i've bought nip + fab glycolic pads
today is february 10th 2015
i am not a fan of its gel texture
i love glycolic acid
ter in this product
i do use tne serum and that works great.
tried the "radiance serum"
le with the smell at all
this product is too heavy for az
i much prefer his mega rich intensive anti aging cellular creme
i started using it as a normal h
i love clinique skin care
my skin is going through a cray phase right.
om flaky patches all over my face
now i can't use it without a q-tip
since sephora stopped carrying juice beauty anti blemish serum
i usually swear by boscia products
i love clinique products
smh this product is oily specially the wash
paired with various serums
i am a normal skin type
still like the texture of this serum
i've used ren products before
on the other h
la texture du produit est trop fluide ce qui fait qu'il ne reste pas en place pour la durée de pose
le résultat sur la peau est satisfaisant
called it an enzyme peel
i used up a 15g size of this from a sephora kit.
otherwise i love ren products
i find it's easier using serums/ creams for vitamin c
wanted to be able to add vitamin c at different parts of my regimen
i am a huge fan of vitamin c
though clinical research supports the benefits of topical vitamin c
laa requires a carrier to penetrate the lipid barrier of your skin -- zero benefits
if you persit in wanting a placebo
you can buy laa powder at your local vitamin shop for far less money
i mix this with my clinique smart custom repair serum
i put some in the palm of my h
next time i'll purchase a serum with c already in it
i ordered this when an esthetician told me that vit c would help me with my slight hyper pigmentation
low for a somewhat reasonably priced vit c serum
i settled on the turbo booster powder.
i returned the turbo booster
the results werent drastically better than the vitamin c serum i have used in the past
i even tried applying this over shiseido eye serum
even creams containing 14 k gold
i milk the cows every morning
i did the ren calming mask first
smelled like a paraffin c
c13-14 isoparaffin is in it
forth about purchasing perricone md face finishing moisturizer
im 38 and have fairly normal skin.
in a serum form would penetrate the skin more
while i am a big fan of the lifting serum
hi i recently purchased the restorative treatment
the nutritive may be a good bet
i love a night cream that perricone md makes
i own one other perricone md product
i tried all the dr p products for a diligent 3 months
i am a big fan of perricone md products
i returned it b/c i pucrchased it in conjunction with a facial moistureizer that i did not care for the packagaing
my last purchase was 1year + 5 mo.
e to under eye circles
n that department of acne control i wouldn't give it 5 stars
this wash was just o.k.
used it with cold serum
i would like to try other np products as well.
i agree with one other review…the serum shoots above the cotton pad when you press the pump
the serum prep is the only brown bottle product
i loved the foaming pump.
i absolutely love the african red tea foaming cleanser
guys, pls double cleanse!
i am a fan of their walnut face scrub.
i think i was paying only for beautiful bottle this serum in
because this serum is so expensive
my search for the perfect serum continues...
i just discovered ren.
i like this line because it has no preservatives
i tried it on my h
ter does not sink into the skin
ren is a lovely br
i chose this product along with the ren serum
i think it is from the shea
ter in the evercalm moisturizer
bought this to help my super oily t-zone
i do like that it doesn't contain sulfates
i wish it could work for me b/c it's all organic.
i wanted to try it b/c i have oily skin
i love ren the company b/c of its philosophy
it's also more of a clear serum than a cream
i got this product in a 500pt perk.
i used this cream in conjuction with the serum
wich on a radiator for a week
spent it on la mer
i when i rub my h
(i get better results w/ sheet masks)
i used it after using my clarisonic mia.
it is self foaming yes
def not for combo or normal
i just couldn't h
i even drove into nyc from ct
when lancôme discontinued their eau de bienfait clarte
i suppose that this is the product that substitutes for eau de bienfait clarte
i rubbed it between my h
pure argan oil is a savior for a number of skin/hair issues
if you research algae
you can buy hylauronic acid serum in many places ---
i only purchased this because i usually love ptr products
i'd suggest a snail mucin product instead.
it has sodium hyaluronate which
a sephora ba recommended this product
hyaluronic acid is a potent hydrophilic substance
with 75% hyaluronic acid versus the 30% in what i had been using
i used 1/4 of the bottle
i live in minnesota where there is zero humidity.
my skin got oily after 30 mins or 1 hr later :
i love hyaluronic acid
i normally love ptr product
especially since i love the oxygen mask
i used the whole bottle
i love the clinique moisture surge gel
diff gel but they don't have spf.
ard spf 15 was a bonus too
i like clinique products
i still love other clinique products
i loooove cliniques products
ive used their yellow dramatically different moisturizer for over a year
i habe been usually clinique products for years
ter face cream which got discontinued much to my horror
i used this in my t-zone area as an extra oil blocker
om ingredient would cause a reaction
ed to nothing to enhancing the skin
t doesn't start foaming for me
oily on the t zone
t keeps oils away
my t zone doesn't stay matte for long
on the other h
i found this product to be great for t-zone oil controll
this will be a holy grail for oily skin.
then got a chance to find the dr dennis gross foam which i loved
further research into the ingredients showed a level 4 comedogenic ingredient: ethylhexyl palmitate
mi am in my mid 30's
maybe i need 6xs instead of just 3.
this eye serum was "okay"
i used some buffering cream
i live in san diego
as well as anti age retinol
i used ptr max complexion pads on a daily basis with never a sting
i went back to get a sample of the goats milk moisturizer
slightly oily t zone
unfortunately i think i'm allergic to an ingredient
i love the ks oil free moisturizer
that it would be including in the mia 2 "hydrating" set
i emailed kate somerville for the ph of this cleanser
this was part of the skin care regime a ks consultant prescribed for me
i dont have sensitive skin
am prone to t-zone breakouts
i got a sample of the gentle daily wash by kate
on the other h
i love kate somerville products
i felt like i was putting thick greek yogurt on my face
ole henriksen african red tea foaming cleanser
not hydrating enough for winter in calgary
given the goat milk
its larger than a 3oz container of my prior moisturizer
only contains 1oz of product
aloe vera gel was very close to top of ingredient list
i wanted to try this because i used the daily cleanser by kate somerville
i wanted to try a serum since ive
rub it on your h
this item is also very highly fragranced, fyi
her vitamin serum to more results-oriented
i am a huge fan of the kate sommerville exfoliating treatment
i found kate's other products "quench"
her vitamin serum to be well worth the money
f youre one of them
kate somerville products are excellent
i love the feel of this serum
add argan oil at night
im hoping its helping my newly aging skin
this serum is the worst
i may be sensitive to the vitamin a/retinyl palmitate in the product
goes on like a primer not a serum.
although it seems hy
there is another serum on the line thats less greasy
i got this because i love the rice enzyme peel
same scent as other ap products
love ap's other products bot not this one.
the enzyme treatment is my favorite right now.
go for the enzyme treatment
this hydra-gel felt nice on my h
the amore pacific oil free gel made my face tight
i am going to try their rejuvenating serum instead
i used it alongside the enzyme peel
purchase la mer verses paying for this product
i love amore pacific
s packaging their serum in pumps
i normally use ce ferulic serum during the day
ole henrickson truth serum at night
will go back to ren and kate somerville.
with more vitamin c
this is probably the serum for you
i like that this product has high levels of vit c which are good for toning
i know that vitamin c
ester c in particular
this serum applies very nicely
you can probably get the benefit of a vitamin c serum for a lot less money
and i have tried a lot o products.
i am allergic to quinine
given that's its called blackhead extractor i expected it to do this
this product doesn't hold a c
le to the mask it replaced
t pore effect refining cream
peptides are excellent for repairing damaged skin
i've used peptide products before with good results
the protein booster skin serum has a high peptide content
in a product with this high a peptide content
toning for my 50+ eye area
although i like the br
i do think that periccone md products are great.
i decided to try this eye serum since the concentration of vitamin c is quite high
invest in fish oil caplets
i would say that this c serum is beneficial to the eye area
it does not accomplish the rejuvination miracle of vitamin c that it claims
thought not nearly as fishy as the sub-d neck cream
it was too heavy for a serum.
i returned it for peter thomas roth's glycolic night serum for half the price
beyond any retinol product i have tried
i read a review on another perricone md product
i stopped using pro-activ specifically because of the benzoyl peroxide bleaching everything i wore/slept on
the formulation is greasy
applied a bb cream to look a little better
i agree completely about the gr
sticking with my ren
as an anti-aging cream, it's a sham.
my skin couldn't h
and the price, ooh la la what a rip off.
this face moisturizer doesn't smell as bad the cold plasma sub-d
in the end i couldn't h
i gave 2 stars b/c did make my face feel smooth
google will autofill in "smells like fish"
really really really dry bl
i put in on my h
5oz sample of the cold plasma face
it smelled like cod liver oil
or something aquatic in this cream
maybe it's the lipids?
was excited to try cold plasma
even after washing your h
i somehow got my h
i switched to clinique moisture surge
i applied it after the serum
which i use the serum
f i have any flaky patches
i used it in conjunction with clinique dark spot corrector serum
the bottle is spf 15?
am stcking with spot corrector only
perfer eye cream in a tube not a pot
i love the genifique serum
dosent irritate my eyes
i normally like fab products
i've tried other products by this br
i bout this product because i have dry skin
i love the meal of the metal roller ball under
i used this roller
i love the dispenser
ing in front of the fab display
you need to use this with a serum beforeh
it states it uses caffeine
normally i love fab products
le the smell of this product
or clear serum-like product
ummm this is not a serum.
i got a sample of skin inc overnight wonder
disclaimer: this isn't much of a serum.
there is caffeine in it
it moisturized on top of the ole product i use
i can easily find a h
i think it's the colloidal sulfur in it.
this serum didn't work
whenever i use this br
when the serum dried if ii rubbed my skin it would pill up
first, this is not a serum.
this is not a serum.
even drug store br
t isn't a total loss
get the 3% retinol serum to see if that does better
this product made my t zone oiler
the serum is so thin
you end up loosing serum either way
i normally like ptr products
i like the vit.
c serum and peel pads.
when i used it on my h
usually like ptr products
the viscosity needs to be increased
t is a bit too much for my face to h
i am a devoted user of shu uemura advance cleansing oil
shu does it on the first lather.
the shiseido also does not emulsify as well as shu
although i don't believe it contains any sulfur
this is the 3rd dr
t product that i have used
i currently use dr
not as mattifying as regular dr
and 90 some-odd bucks for 4oz?
drug store vitamin c cream which is working well
i adore moisturizers from the shiseido br
slightly oily t-zone
i do use primers
i switched to african black soap the first day i saw results
balances cleansers as well as the sunday riley ufo oil
the ptr retinol night oil
can't use no product that contains salicylates.
i do love ptr products
with all thoseamazing neuropeptides,etc.
having used tons of products from ptr
when i switched from a generic drugstore br
still gabe my skin moisture
i used only 2 pumps, a.m.
i discontinued this item due to dryness.
im starting to wonder if cosmetics is doing more dmg than good
with italian genes i am always waking up with puffy eyes
i actually traded this product in for the boscia eye puffer
i liked that it had the metal rollerball to "de-puff" my bags
it does de-puff
i think i'm going to have to venture out into other de-puffing serums
i recommend origins ginseng product
gave this de-puffing eye massage serum a try
the contents of the serum do absolutely nothing
this is a eye serum
i did like that its a serum.
i like this product because of the rollerball.
the texture is kinda watery instead of what i expected from "serum"
i do like the rollerball
this serum goes on smoothly
returned it for the origins anti aging serum
this serum is good
the serum is very thick
use another serum with it
my corrective serum went back to sephora
the bio-performance super corrective serum has not impressed me
the serum is very rich
with this bio-performance serum
have been using shiseido bio-performance super corrective serum for a couple of weeks
i like their essence serum much more.
still on the hunt for a perfect serum.
an sa recommended this dior cream along with a dior serum
i am a huge fan of the dior hydra life skin care line
” the “pro-youth protective crème
i didn’t buy any of the dior hydra life pro-youth products because i think that murad’s “essential-c day moisture spf 30” is much better
my dermatologist told me that i need to use antioxidant-rich products including vitamin c
we gave it to my gr
of dior's hydra life pro-youth sorbet eye crème.
oily in the t-zone
i expected more from dior.
i used the whole bottle
i just kept using it b/c it wasn't bad.
this serum made me breakout!!!
i used it in conjunction with algenist retinol cream
since the creme costs $100 a pot
i love the cold plasma line
i love cold plasma sub d
just purchased cold plasma for the face
after speaking with a perricone rep at sephora i decided to buy the cold plasma eye in lieu of the perricone serum
as i use the cold plasma face cream
the plasma eye smells worse than the plasma face
i love the cold plasma face
i really cannot st
i tried the cold plasma eye cream
the cold plasma face as well
unfit for my oily t zone
i just can't st
i like that it has spf 30
i usually love fab products
le that sticky film feeling
like when your h
i look like a lizard.
i know that ren is a natural br
like other ren products
i used the whole bottle.
ren makes good quality products
i like other ren products
ed as a "clarity serum"
i will repurchase my origins serum
because i thought this was a night serum
it really shouldn't be called a serum
you're better off buying korean charcoal peel offs
it removed two-thous
s of my micro facial hair
my skin type: oily at t zone
give it another shot b/c i love boscia's detoxifying black cleanser
on the other h
i applied it to my t zone
repurchased the vitamin plus moisturizer
i could barely h
i love the ole henriksen serum
bought this creme instead
wanted to try a new serum
i love clinique products
trying something else from clinique or peter thomas roth
i am african-american, late 20s.
uv damage corrector thinking it would help get rid of them
i did use spf along with this serum
worst serum bottle design!
called clinique who suggested removing the dropper
this serum was fine
after a month of this serum
i stopped using the serum
uy eyes feel super smooth
i continued using the cream
it reminds me of shea butter.
i applied this after my serum
idk if i reacted to an ingredient
le the smell of this product
seeing that there is shea
ter in it before ordering it
im aware that its a cream--
i still used a serum
i wouldn't recommend for contact wearers
before i apply the corrector
i see now that the product has witch hazel in it
i drank the kool-aid
it is basically a drugstore eye cream in a br
es to soft moist skin
ii love my bobbi brown base
i may use it in my car as a combo h
my oily t zone less oily
on the other h
honestly it's too expensive to only be using from december to february
my skin is oily in my t zone
i usually cannot st
that i can't st
then apply my cle de peau concealer
i mixed it with serum
available at any health food or vitamin shop depending on br
u can put powder on
2 because it goes on weel with powder
in the very dry cold on northern new york sort of defeats the purpose
since i had seen it on dr oz
feels like aloe vera on my face that's all
the ren o12 rose serum is a better value for me having dry skin
so the sa recommended this
my sensitive skin can't h
le it without breakouts
the serum ran out before the sorbet did
it's only good with the serum
or the serum is what's doing all the work
i've used it twice with the serum
i got the serum
i am a huge fan of their beauty elixir as well as their vinosource thirst quenching serum
then moved to the uk
i also purchased the serum and the wash.
i tried it on my h
because i can't st
i am in extreeme enviroments
i like this br
when i heard photodynamic therapy being discussed on sirius i thought this would be a much easier way to get near ir wave exposure
it does de-puff slightly
that helped de-puff a little more
i need to rub the applicator vigorously against my h
on the other h
an oily t-zone
ive been using clinique moistorizer for years
just add my ptr mega rich eye cream for hydration
i made a trip to france
instead to get the resveratrol lift for my age
i recommend for younger women the resveratrol one just because the cru cream it's targeted to more mature skin
i didn't see any difference in my skin in 3 mos of using this product
this was basically is a serum.
no zinc oxide residue look
the cru for the face
everyone's skin is differnt.
an ma highly recommended this line
i am 40+ with normal/dry skin and oily tzone.
i will finish the jar by layering it over my verso super eye serum as an under eye moisturizer
small bottle just 10ml
i tried this product at the store with the amore pacific serum underneath
is now using different products from dr
the axe smell i cant h
i tried a sample of amore pacific's rejuvenating creme
i think i will buy a more syrupy serum in the future
i couldn't even st
an oily t-zone
i am asian and have dry skin
the serum was not intended to control oily skin
this serum makes a great foundation primer
then i happened upon the deluxe sample of the pore correcting serum
i couldn't keep my h
i def have large poors in my t-zone
my skin is oiler than usual
perricone's high potency amine complex face treatment
pore minimizer daily since march
af-am skin with minimal wrinkles
acyl-g on the right
i find acyl-g awfully oily
the dropper packaging is better for more aqueous consistencies
have become quite a fan of the firming / lifting serum
i hav read tons of reviews
this oil-free serum is greasy.
this serum is not great.
the serum claims to boost radiance
which made the dropper useless
had to shake the serum out of the bottle directly into my h
oz by a beauty editor
i recently switched from la mer products because i just couldn't afford it when i needed it
i don't recommend algenist anti-aging mositurizer
i used it w/the serum
exposed to sun in california
or heavy feeling over my vitamin c
i like that it has spf
i've had better luck with tatcha's eye serum.
maybe the acid ingredient?
all main ingredients from the tns are al
or genius face cream
i swear by some ptr products
i just can't slay my life with white residue under
i followed the directions to a t
typically i haved loved all the peter thomas roth products i've tried
i tried with a primer
lines are more pronounced.
as i love all products of ptr
i love alot of peters products
i love most of ptr products
i tried bb cream
i love peter roth facial products
love ptr for its quality
l don't know if clinique changed the formula
i get big pores on my noes
in my opinion you're better off going for a sem-drying cleanser
plus this bottle is wack
i followed the directions to a t
while i love the light argon oil
i looked at the ingredients
i love other josie maran argan oil products
i've tried it with wet h
i'll revert to the shu uemura or bare minerals cleansing oil after i finish this bottle
i prefer lighter oil like my shu uemura
i live in coastal ga
f you have flawless skin
after applying the cream i feel grease on my h
i only purchased bc the packaging was nice.
really only use it for a max of 10 mins
maybe i was allergic to an ingredient in the cream?
i saw no results with this serum
specially when i read about peptide p-199
great that it's in a pump vs a jar
having received kate somerville's cyctocell dermal energizing treatment as a sample
i used it as h
i suppose it deposits some skin-friendly ingredients
maybe the new peptide?
a dark wrinkle around my outer v
i did not read the ingredient list -- it has retinyl palmitate
which is a form of retinol
i like that it contains vitamins
the price is similar to other ren exfoliators
there's no way there is actually 5 oz of product in the tube
i think the tube is a 5.1 oz.
i much prefer the other ren face polish.
i got this serum during ff event last year
i already use a vitamin c serum
i typically love all thins ren
with an oily t-zone aka combination
still on the search for that holy grail serum!
i adore the ren line of cleansers
was eager to try this serum
clearly vitamin c isn't for me.
ii just came off of using dr
gross' ferulic acid + retinol brightening solution
have used ren products and love.
smear my contact lenses for whatever reason
bu thti sone is too thick to apply
the vitamin c/citrus smell actually caused misquotes to bite my face where i had put the eye cream on
got this product to go along with the truth is in the eyes vitamin c eye peel
since i love all the other vitamin c ole henriksen products
including the truth serum
this is best used over a serum.
i got this on a set with the vitamin c serum
when it's combined with avobenzone
÷ just can't h
love the truth serum though
ole henriksens productsin general b/c they're the rare combination of natural
holy grail or even worth the $$$
maybe it contained magical serums
its a good product thou!
i only use eye lid serum
t's triple peptide eye cream
i just reordered the dr
this isn't the holy grail
i am a la mer user
now using sheisedo infusing serum brightener.
my disdain with this product is that the bottle is a 4 oz bottle
yet it contains 1 oz of product
if they sent a 1 oz bottle
all i could think about was tortilla chips being fried in lard
i overlooked the word "balm"
i am sticking to my sr blue moon cleansing balm.
it is really occlusive
bc it has lil exfoliating bits in it
there was none of the "thermal" action i enjoyed soo much in the sample
i used it once to wash my h
i did like their serum however
or is that specifically copper peptide?
it goes on like a serum
i do love the fact that it has no parabens etc
paper-y on my cheeks
tried this product along with the serum
"star score" to buy the restorative cream instead
i used with the serum.
i will not rule out other ap products
i normally have combo skin
even worse than my cheap aloe vera gel mask which u see instant brightening after 10min
i love clinique products
i love clinique, generally.
i prefer to use the serum at night instead
i like zero gravity cream better.
i personally cannot st
i cycle through different br
i recommend sephora collection's other micellar waters
i tested it on my h
just doesn't do it to remove wp mascara.
its like washing your face with your gr
i love origins high potency night a mins.
i feel like i washed my face with a bar of ivory br
i love origins products
most of which are 7ml
while this bottle is 10ml
i am currently having a pms breakout
i will continu to buy their products
i like the origins br
i love origin products
le very rich moisturizers
i love origins products
i used it along with the plantscription serum
i'd been using a drugstore serum that i loved
after trying this origins serum
i decided to only apply this serum on
i used the accompanying cream
a little oily in the t-zone
i recommend the rose clay mask from origins
i love activated charcoal
especially my t-zone
i like using this mask
on the other h
f you dont get milia
sensitive combination w/ oily t zone
so when sephora stopped shipping my regular face wash to canada
sooo i tested this product 5-6 month 2 bottles long :
apricot kernel seed oil is considered comedogenic
i love origins products
t didnt control my oil at all
ive been using orgins products for years
also aha/ bha gel
i also used clinique number 3 toner
i much prefer origins active charcoal mask
ive purchased 5 jars in 2 months.
pore refinement etc etc
i change up skincare br
s to $200+ exclusive products
i found ptr camus camus moisturizer to be effective sp when used in combination with the serum
this serum eradicated the dry
i much refer the clinique dramatically different + yellow moisturizer
i love regular moisture serge
the serum goes on smoothly
the serum itself is overpriced
i didn't feel a difference using this serum.
i like this serum enough to finish up the bottle
it is a good serum
my skin is prob clearer
the top of this serum
over hyped by derma rep.
i religiously used this serum day
i faithfully followed the instructions for this serum with great hope
so their "facial expert" talked me into the perricone md eye lid serum
i know perricone md is a great br
if you're in the 50+ age range
the only serum/treatment that has started to make a difference is sunday riley's
i like a serum to absorb
from canada that makes a top quality eye serum
i put a thick layer of pure vitamin e oil on top of the serum for balance
i think that if i put vitamin e oil alone
im an ingredient reader.
looks good when applying serum
my skin just wouldn't drink this serum up
i tried combining with a scrub from another br
i love boscia as a br
i love several of the amore pacific products
the main ingredient is jojoba seed oil
for example argon oil
the very next day i went back to my peter thomas roth laser free regenerator cream
a big waste of 4 wks and it produced no results.
i used it with the matching serum from algenist
i am a combo-oily skin
presumably from the hefty dose of hydration
preferring the lower contamination/oxidation risk of a pump
pricey for only .5 oz.
i honestly switched to an all natural drugstore br
i am usually oily on my t-zone
it made my skin oiler.
so bobby brown makes great makeup.
i scrubbed my h
if i put it over a serum
packaging alone is not efficacious for a vitamin c product
i tried a bunch of ren products
aside from the serum pump bottle
ts not like an essential holygrail product or anything
i love ren products
i love ks products
i am 40 and have combination skin.
wanted a treatment/serum to go along with it
a rep from ptr told me how amazing this serum is
it is terrible under my foundation or bb cream
no better than any other serum packed with peptides
a few muaers have said that it's vitamin e smell
i've used vitamin e before
although i used this br
thickness of this particular cream
i even take fermented cod liver oil for health
i hate this creme
i got this b/c my skin has been getting dryer
my peter roth is far more luxiurious feeling.
i got this as part of the value pack with the truth serum
face for over 30 mins
i used it in combination with the truth serum
i am a big fan of vitamin c products
typically use the ptr vitamin c line
bc i've spilled it several times
a hint of vitamin c with something else
have used the truth serum
i don't know if its this creme or the serum
definitely going back to the vitamin plus.
i received a sample of the vitamin c truth serum from sephora
there's a night cream i love by this br
f this helps your meditation practice
since i have combo-oily skin
ed to more oil production for me
the search for a good mattifying cream/serum continues :/
which sephora no longer carries in the usa
t wasn't a total waste
the amino ag cream is better.
i did use it with the queen of hungary mist
and i do love the fact that it is magnesium rich!
the ingrediants ate natural.
i chose this over the serum
first of all i love sunday riley products
a vitamin c type serum
i prefer the de or josie moran facial oils
i needed a night serum and decided to try this.
i don't find it groundbreaking like other sr products are
i hv a very dry skin i wish i'd love this product as good gene sunday riley
big problem is abt the scent
- in the night i mixed it with riley's good genes
hunt for a good serum begins again.
i then purchased "good genes"
when to layer all the sunday riley products
the good genes treatment
i love the theory behind this sunday riley juno transformative lipid serum -- i like that it has antioxidant properties
maybe i'll try rinsing after 10-15 min
because of the lactic acid
i swear by sunday riley's ufo oil
my skin usually loves lactic acid
i guess for my south asian skin
i am a le so i know about skincare.
you just never know with lactic acid or aha
after i fell in love with sunday riley's tidal enzyme cream i decided to try out good genes
gg made my face so red
credit to sunday riley i definitely noticed that gg minimized any burgeoning pimples i had
it goes on almost like a serum.
such as josie maran's exfoliant or peter thomas roth's strawberry scrub
own a few other sunday riley products
i used it 2 x a day
just cleans ur face
seeing how i spent $63 canadian on this cleanser
5 oz one to give it a try
love the repairwear laser focus serum
the retinoids are a class of chemical compounds that are forms of vitamin a
i don't mind the dropper for dispensing the product
as i like to layer serums
i like ren products
i love ren products
swear by the omega 3 overnight serum
the omega had results in one day.
everything i've ever read about vitamin a
dropper style glass bottle seems a poor choice on the part of ren
i love the omega night serum
beat this product h
i wear bb cream everyday
it works best to use apply apply bb cream than do a lite press powder or foundation
has salicylic acid in it
including philosphy's miracle worker spf +50 moisturizer
i only gave this 3 stars b/c of the packaging!
work as well w/ same main ingredients
t balls up on my skin
i re-use it already 2xs
im disappointed after using 2xs
i love gel eye masks
i applied an eye serum before i put this on
sk ii eye masks
i got this in a ptr acne kit
i like the ptr glycolic toner wayyyyy more
both ptr products ive purchased were a waste.
this was listed under serums
retinol type products all the time
i think it is the harsh acids
i usually love ptr products
i originally purchased this product which came in a set of other peter thomas roth acne clearing products
t seems like a fab br
was all hyped up to use this ptr gel after reading tons of good
have been using this every night since dec
the fact that i've been using this since dec
i first tried this with the ptr acne kit
i also use the viz 1000 serum with this moisturizer
as i am a big fan of peter thomas roth's uber-dry sunscreen spf 30
i am extremely oily in my t-zone.
i saw a review on here for revision oil free hydrating serum
the revision serum is working soo much better for me
it is about $9 for 4 oz
it doesn't have the best vitamin c in store either
i am sticking to my vit c serum instead.
i just can't st
pro-this serum of very nice
i finished my bottle of the caudalie polyphenol defense serum
i plan on switching back to the defense serum.
don't expect any miracles from this serum.
milky formula was easy to distri
this is a very light weight serum.
for caudalie i prefer the vinexpert firming serum over this one for sure
i am dry & sensitive asian skin.
emu oil as part of my evening skin care routine
i cannot recommend this divine oil
i much prefer bb invisible oil for my hair
it temporarily hydrates ur skin after rising tho its like there was so difference
the mask dos it's job.
for masks i like asian brands.
oats on my face
alcohol is the fourth ingredient in this product boo
f you have truly sensitive skin stick with a pure form of colloidal oatmeal
like bb cream of foundation
mornings i put on bb cream
i am currently on accutane so my skin is dryer than a desert
i am allergic to wheat
the vinosource riche was replaced with this.
absolutely my fav line of skin care products.
i love their even better clinical corrector
i love clinique products
i started using this product in mid-april
i applied the cream 2x a day
t actually looked wrinkly
i usually love clinique products
a fairly oily t-zone
i used it in combination w/fresh soy face wash
if using alone i would rather use my henricksen vitamin c serum which at least smells good
when i paired it with the alpha beta peel pads it made such a difference
i found that i was going throught the serum verrry quickly
retinol is supposed to be away from air.
all the good dermatologist br
when i used this product in combination wth the alpha-beta pads that came along in the set wth it
om acne at bay due to the exfoliation
instead i will go back to glow by dr
pi got a sample of product and tried it .
dennis gross skincare line
it is pure zinc oxide mixed with grannies perfume
i think it smells like the ap treatment enzyme peel
for a "creme" that retails for 200 bucks
i used bi points to score a sample of this cream
i am trough half of the jar
it does leave a little orangey tint to your face right after application from just the high levels of vitamin c
just like their bb cream
i really like the peter thomas roth line.
the ptr rep in the store
the ptr rep was great
i didn't like the dispenser
i do use the peter thomas roth max complexion correction pads everyday
i swear by his max complexion correction pads though
i will continue my search for a better vitamin c serum
you can't expect vitamin c results by splashing oj on your face
get a real vitamin c serum
just a runny pure-liquid serum
i've had to cup my h
instead of this i got a vitamin c skin boost from the vitamin shop for $26
i tried both the serum
i like their greek yogurt overnight face mask
i like the korres br
i am fair skinned
yl alcohol as an ingredient
it contains glyceryl stearate se
i used it along with the fab serum
i usually use korean skincare products as they're cheaper
perform better than western br
i love ptr generally
mixing it with argon oil
find another vitamin c product if you don't have the tools to break in
whether i use it alone or with the rx retinol
loved other ptr products
i expect more from a $70+ cream.
looks like i'm on the hunt for a new vitamin c cream now as well
ptr has a few wonderful products
ts a challenge in general
i am asian and have oily skin.
i would not recommend for oily asian skin types.
by her beauty expert val
i'll stick w the orange and purple type.
my skin couldn't h
bc i have 2 other glamglow masks that i love
i dont have sensitive skin
i cant post my review w/o giving one :
i love the applicator
i really loved the genifique facial serum
didn't irritate like regular genifique serum.
i did not care for the viscosity of the product
i don't see the point of the applicator
plus i hated the applicator.
es way too much product
it is a very watery serum
deposits way too much serum for the eye area
full disclosure: i received sk-ii cellumination crème ex as a free product to try
i received the sk-ii facial lift emulsifier to try for free through sk-ii
i wanted to love this sk-ii facial lift emulsion so much
sk-ii surprised me
i love sk-ii and i adore this cleansing oil.
sk-ii is easy to use with a convenient pump.
sk-ii lxp is a mixed bag for me.
i’m assuming the breakouts were due to the serum
would consider trying a different sk-ii product targeted to oily skin
i received the sk-ii facial treatment repair c for free from sk-ii in exchange for my honest review
i got the serum about a month
it's the only product form this br
since switching to sk ii treatment face wash
i started using sk-ii brightening clear lotion after washing
it does leave ur skin silky
that's just a creams texture rather than actually retexturing ur skin
f u have sensitive skin do not buy
i used the whole jar
i value the br
i can buy $10 eye cream at the pharmacy store
i used this mask in my t zone
i left it on about 5 min
i am transitioning this to an intensive moisturizer to the back of my h
im also really sensitive to parfum
f your skin is like mine pass on
im sure its fine on really dry skin tho
s into a bag of lay's chips
i love origins skin care products
nothing blotting sheets can't h
i love the anthony glycolic cleanser
combination skin with a very oily t zone
ed to the skin reaction
for prevention i def recommend it
was ok in moisture dept though
and i live in south texas.
the vitamin e broke me out around my cheeks
be careful if your skin doesn't react well to vitamin e oil
i usually get one r
om pimple per month
definitely was not 1.6oz of product.
al oil at night
didn't help with the dy winter skin
the retinoid in this product
i ended up taking generic benadryl several times
now that im using the light therapy less
the flaking isn't so bad if i pair the product with a hyaluronic serum
as well as the peter thomas roth 10% toner
my second ks product with the same outcome
ks products aren't for my skin type.
i didn't realize it had salicylic acid
it is mostly managed by topical rx
it has salicylic acid in it
except for this pore corrector
n the results dept
i like the serum
was given a bunch of serum
the multi-perfecting pore corrector
just gushing over this serum
it's disappointing because i've used the alpha beta peel
the regular ferulic acid + retinol brightening solution
it was gloopy versus like a serum
or maybe it was a placebo
the serum goes on nicely light weighted
i used the whole bottle
i know retinol products only show results over time
i just can't h
dennis gross alpha pads
i used this eye serum every morning
lip serum had a better feel anyways
it's in gel form
the hereditary brownness under there
even in chicago winter
ive used this product morning
when i use it on my h
when i came back to canada
where the temperature is 10c cooler than china
better try the original josie maran argan oil.
good for low uv days.
i love josie maran products especially the original argan oil
with a regular exfoliation followed by josie maran argon infiniti cream oil my fine line
i usually love josie maran products
i found great results with the argan milk
i am huge on oils
reminds me of petroleum jelly which i hate.
i used the previous version of capture totale eye treatment
i've used their capture totale eye cream in a tube for years
the crème itself was a miracle
bought the serum which works better
also la mer which always works
for the record: i adore clinique products
i love clinique normally
i gave this 3 stars bc it is non-irritating
i found this product to be bleh.
minus the ultra moisture cream i normally use
if u have a sensitive skin2
the wei mask really didn't help unclog them at all
i still prefer glamglow supermud to wei.
even in my spf
other than the spf30 product i love boscia
got the jane maran sunscreen
i like that it has spf30
thats because i have oily skin
coli hit my nose
coli should be in a contained science lab
the self-defense vital antioxidant moisture spf 30 i had to return because of the smell
i prefer the dr
naturally google said it was hormonal
i truly cannot st
the dropper/lid combo
for my combo skin type
since this says its packed with antioxidants yadda yadda
it sits on ur skin
the other day it hit 32 degrees in toronto
i believe creamy is a better word for this versus foaming
i really like the serum in this line of products
i've tried using my h
enjoyed the texture of this serum
i found it not moisturizing enough for the weather in toronto
i do recommend using with josie argan oil!
as someone who is allergic to yeast
i prefer lotus youth preservative
i found that this contains synthetic color
bc the sales associate suggested it
f your face gets super oily like mine
i tried it on my h
i don't use any waterproof product
i am an oily skintype
after going on accutane
this is not as foamy as i'n used to
ive been using this for about 2mons maybe more
i live in houston
stick with the original truth serum!
i coupled this product with their truth serum.
i massaged the product in
saw no benefit from this serum
it's the facial oil equivalent of crisco.
this serum is absolutely amazing.
pairs nicely with the ole h serum
i realllyyy did because of how much i adore the vitamin c serum
this is my 4th bottle of the activating oil
love other olé hendricks products
combined with the serum
love the truth serum
i am a contact lens wearer and cannot have this.
this is a good self tanner to have on h
dennis gross daily peels
i normally love dr
pore minimizer on a daily basis
self tanner don't mix well
i wasn't very careful when applying it b/c i didn't know it was a self tanner
since i use dr
dennis gross products for a few months now
ing exposure to air causes products like this to decrease in efficacy
why a vitamin c serum wouldn't be in a pump
the only vitamin c in here is ascorbic acid
will be buying another vitamin e serum
hate that this is a dropper
not a pump as vitamin c serums can go bad quickly the more they are exposed to air
my dermatologist recommended adding a vitamin c serum to my daily regimen
on the other h
as most of the vitamin c products are pricey
i decided on this product b/c of its claim to also brighten dark eye circles
blurring from other primers
the triple acid mask
bc it has willow bark extract to help with break outs
retinol is the anti-aging ingredient that works for me
my loyalty is being tested by the *#@
back when the greek yoghurt line was marketed for "oily
i noticed that the regular greek yoghurt moisturizer disappeared for a while
very oily in the t zone.
i ordered this because i used to use a korres greek yoghurt daily moisturizer
i prefer clinique moisture surge.
my t-zone was oily
denatured alcohol is the sixth ingredient listed
i used it double of times on my h
after daily use for almost 1y
the spf in it isn't as great as other spf 30s i have used
the typical t zone is oily.
f you are not very fair skinned
i like the 30 spf
i loved that this moisturizer had such a high spf b/c i have such fair skin
don't recommend it unless you use liquid foundation or bb creams
i am asian with a light to medium skin tone
there are some really great positives to it: it uses titanium dioxide instead of chemical spfs
i must return it i just can't keep a product ab
i wish the spf was higher
a fairly oily t-zone
i used the whole jar
i love all my perricone md products.
as a freelance mua i realize there is a difference between glowy
i know it was the serum
when i quit using the serum
off for vib rouge in november.
my regular serum that i use i see more results with
i liked the texture of this serum
hydrated than when i used $1 sheet masks from my local korean market
then i discovered grapeseed oil
as far as the amazing claims of improved collagen or elasticity?
rollerball application is nice
it feels exactly like the restructuring moisturizer from tata
the nutrient complex has a lot of good vitamins
combined it with other tata harper products
they didn't keep samples for the rebuilding mois
within the tata harper line
after using the tata harper resurfacing mask
i suspect it was the lactobacillus ferment
i am oily in my t-zone
it could be an option for you if you find aha/bha or retinoids irritating
i love face masks
7oz bottle over the course of 2 1/2 months
was excited to try a tata harper moisturizer given the emphasis on natural ingredients
i love tata harper products
because i love the fact that tata is completely non-toxic
i am 48 yrs old with a very good skin / no fillers
i will keep use tarte maracuja oil
i am wearing: tarte maracuja oil
tata harper repairative moisturizer do nothing for me
tata harper is one of those br
i absolutely hate the packaging especially for the 50ml bottle
i usually use st ive's 1-2x a week
however i picked up the ole henricksen african red tea cleanser
sprint the $$for this cleanse
i've used drug store br
perhaps the sa was using a clarisonic
tata passes the test
that was until i tried this serum.
which i cannot h
massages in southeast asia
it also reminds me of facial creams my gr
since this is just a serum
i checked the ingredients
various useless botanical extracts
i don't like the applicator
rew weil for origins™ mega–bright skin illuminating cleanser
i like origins as a br
i put the weil cleanser on the back of my h
smooth as a babys skin
true josie maran pure argan oil
smells like vit e oil
i used during 20s-30s
i don't know what are the active ingredients here if this has peptides?
don't like that such a pricy serum comes in a plastic bottle
i am defiantly seeing more results over another serum i was using
advanced night eye serum
this serum works wonders.
although it's a "night" serum
i think this serum is too rich for younger skin
i am on the fence with this serum
i am currently using a retinol treatment
im going to just stick with argan oil
having an oily t-zone
all that bacteria is probably int here is grossing me out
you would think especially a serum over the st
i absolutely love the night serum
advanced night eye serum
i am 51 with combination skin
this product is very popular in asia
advanced night eye serum
i prefer the original argan oil
especially in the t-zone
le that brings in
although i do like it for adding w my foundation to lessen the viscosity
not all ren products
i love micellar waters.
caudalie's premier cru elixir oil only.
i think it was due to the echinacea.
like la mer for example
i love clinique moisture surge
i love the clinique dd gel
i usually love clinique products
i tried using it as a h
i love benefiance line, and their serums.
for $40 a tube (0.53oz), it isn't worth it.
i just need more ka-pow in my moisturizer.
everyones skin is different
especially in the t-zone
esp in my t-zone
the texture is more like a serum
dont get me wong-its very moisturizing.
i could only st
i also purchased the shiseido ibuki refining moisturizer enriched
l-carnitine was the key that would help
le for a few minutes
which i don't have per-se
unlike the extra strength alpha beta peels
i decided to give these a try anyway since the alpha beta pads from dr
dennis gross get such rave reviews
with no antioxidants or whatsoever.
better serum for every skin type
the first ingredient is mineral oil.
i wanted to clean my h
followed by the eve serum
the first ingredient is mineral oil
i read the ingredients
why another natural oil like argon or coconut oil could not be used in place of mineral oil?
discovered it is derived from wool
am not allergic to mineral oil
mineral oil is pure
wo t purchase this any longer.
love the verso serums
i don't use foundation or powder
ts just washing my face without a lot of product
after using this with the verso serum for 2-3 days
then clearasil 24hr acne serum to keep my face from getting too oily
only use the serum at night
will be returning this serum
i think the retinol
since it contains zinc oxide
i used 1/2 the bottle
half medium-deep west indian skin
much prefer skinceuticals pigment regulator.
it begins with a g
i am allergic to sulfates
i wonder if it's the parabens.
i am 45 yrs old in surgical menopause.
oily t-zone with flaky
i am used to using the essential c cleanser
i feel like i'm putting aloe vera on my face.
i also buy a lot of asian/korean face masks to treat my skin every now
i love masks and love some ptr products.
i don't generally like ptr masks.
aloe vera honestly works better.
i used this product as a 10 min mask
i received this mask as part of the skintastic mask magic kit from ptr
i used this one a h
it felt like i was applying a version of aloe vera that was less sticky
the instruction tells u to use it with dry h
dennis gross all-in-one cleansing foam
i just can't st
om bouts of break outs
a lot like that fake banana c
oily in t-zone
the esthetician said the dilo oil would basically trick my sebaceous gl
when i used it with the extra dr
i tried this last night mixed with ny normal
i found it has denatured alcohol
i used this the first time with a koh gen do cream
i tried the koh gen do cream alone
i love the cream version
so a pre-serum then a serum
hydrating i'm basing this on japanese lines that's more targeted towards asian market
it was like my gr
i used a cotton pad
live in urban canada
didn't interact well with the bb cream i use
i expected more from the dna
the dna did nothing
who doesn't love peptides?
it's like an ounce of cream in a huge 40 lb acrylic cube
the serum goes a long way
which immediately plumps the lines via ha
i used whole jar
it is a thin serum
thanks for the great customer service san diego fashion valley
t's pearl serum did not work for
this serum feels nice.
now i'm using aloe vera gel
i ditched this for the spectra 360 electrode gel
some people have used plain aloe vera gel
it just reminds me of gr
5 oz herbal recovery advanced serum
when i put this serum on my face
i like mayo on my s
on the face yuck
tinted lip conditioner on the back of my h
smells like a drug store product from the japanese market
i usually use purity with the clairsonic.
hence i retuned it.
i got a 1 oz with my points
keeping it as a h
advanced night eye serum
it does remind you of gr
the second ingredient is dimethicone-bummer
used it for 2 mos
while i love origins products
ferulic + retinol overnight serum
dennis gross apha-beta pads
can't speak to it's efficacy
used up two jar of 30ml
im a skincare junkie so i love any mask.
i used the whole bottle
dry excess oil in my t-zone
i ordinarilly love fab products
switched to the natural line of sunday riley
a sephora ba recommended this to me.
i love face masks
with slightly oily t-zone
i like fab products
i love fab products
has an unstable source of vitamin c-
this mask by ptr
the only silver lining of the lame packaging is that it preserves the effectiveness of the vitamin c by keeping out air
i used sk-ii's whitening serum before purchasing this product
i'll stick to the reg mask by peter
the latter i cannot.
with tons of vitamin c
i live in ottawa
i just can't st
i am a huge believer in vitamin c for staving off wrinkles
i much prefer ole henricksen's serum
i used 1/2 this tube
i much prefer the rose hydrating eye ge cream
i am 24 with oily/combo skin.
i felt a warming sensation when applied ti skin under my eyes
way too expensive for a placebo at best
i used entire jar
i am combination skin
pairs really well with the argan oil
i like josie marian products
definitely choose the argan oil over the milk.
bought a larger version of pure argan milk
i like the jm oil
i used it al night
the premier cru anti-aging set
i didn't think this formula was any better than the peter thomas roth moisturizer i've been using
living in chicago i wanted more moisture for the winter
i previously used premier cru the cream
balled up on contact w my h
i love caudalie's premier cru cream.
i love the original form of this cream.
i've used lush's eau roma water for the last year without issue
i love the balm version of this
i am left having to use micellar water
ok so this product removed swatches on my h
i love clinique products
i love othe clinique products
it is not a pore perfector in my opinion
i hope other br
mute all make better primers
at a price of over $600 cad per oz
on which i used to st
i think i had better results with a laura mercier primer
which is a synthetic silicon
i also use the lancome 24 hr foundation
vitamin a towards the beginning
returning this for the jar cream asap!
i didn't see much difference compared to other lightweight lotion br
i returned to my korres greek yoghurt
which i assume is lotus?
for the price i could get much more than 1 oz of moisturizer from another br
it is pricy for a 1oz bottle
such as the karuna
i used a whole jar
ard mask in my opinion
had to leave my peter thomas roth
i loved perricone md makeup products before
the oxidation of actives in the product unfortunately make this a no-go
i recently received a sample of a famous london drugstore's clay mask
i already take great care of my skin with tons of antioxidants
je cherchais une crème avec une protection solaire et non grasse
cette crème répond à ces deux critères
ma peau est déshydratée et a plus de rougeurs depuis que je l'utilise
la crème est probablement un bon choix pour les personnes avec une peau à tendance grasse
ing the bottle upsidedown
shame on dr. dennis for ill-designed container.
dennis gross alpha beta peels
maybe it's like the placebo effect for some people
probably the retinyl palmitate?
use spoons from your fridge or freezer as a de puffer
try to origins ginseng eye cream
there r other products that have the peach correction
i like the applicator
the price on the other h
i love the effects of this mask
has the consistency of clay or play doh
you will moon prism power into a flawless betty ross
it does have lactic
with its hyaluronic acid component
can used it with my dr
dennis gross hydra-pure® oil-free moisture with chelating complex
on the other h
step it up on your packaging, ren!
i currently have the pumpkin enzyme
rose stem cell on h
splurging on the 24k mask instead
peter thomas roth makes the excellent gycolic acid face wash that i love
for such a high end cream/gel from such br
not trust ptr now.
im not a sensitive skin
had good experiences with peter thomas roth before
this is the 2nd ptr cleanser i've tried.
ive tried another cleanser from ptr
always followed up with a serum
i finished my morning routine with the mario bodescu rose water facial spray
i like some ptr products
i usually love ptr products.
even the part of my h
this is a foundation serum not a foundation
on the other h
i top this with my lm mineral powder foundation
this serum is nothing like it.
t doesn't get contaminated
it also oxidized on my which i at first didn't mind
i gave a 3-star because the same primers
powder combination with this serum
this is a bb cream at best.
this product for me is more like a bb cream.
hoping perricone md will make a lighter version
'm going back to basic bb cream from korean br
t is plenty lightweight
plasticity layer on my skin
i also got another anthony sample, a serum.
then include retinyl palmitate in your formulation anyways?
this product is good for the ac summer dryness
the serum in step 2 is good
a one time use serum is not worth $7.50:(
unlike some of the vitamin c creams
nothing n-o-t-h-i-n-g
this product is wayyyy better than drug store br
use in combination with drug store br
j'ai eu du mal à le retirer
et je trouve cela un peu chère pour une seule utilisation
toutefois le patch est vraiment efficace
i see no difference w/pores.
throw away the dr jart ones
use the second step patch w/ the off br
the drug store br
i used a drug store strip
i paired it with the dr
way too much serum
33 oz night cream would be unjustifiable for me
an eye highlighter or illuminator
was willing to stray from caudalie premier cru eye cream
i highly recommend using a powder version of kaolin clay
must have a sensitivity to products with vitamin c
vs correcting signs of aging
i will continue the search for my hg serum
i love the ole henriksen br
use the truth serum
read: i run on pure caffeine
if it touches other cream or serum in the near area
this is my first under eye cream/serum that i have ever purchased
it was not fabulous,like their vitamin c serum.
if you happen to have a str
currently using the tarte under eye cream
i went into sephora for a contouring class
applied the cucumber mask from ptr
n love with algenist's uv defense fluid
n i need lots of moisturiser
like algenist would use sodium c14-16 olefin sulfonate in one of their products
i loooove this cream.
maan does this hydrate.
i am naturally oily, my t zone is made of bacon.
i used it as my moisturizer behind a mattifying clay mask doh
i started using turnaround cream when clinique invented it
it's supposed to be this magical repair serum
i turn to clinique when i cannot h
it's like charcoal or meat from a bbq.
they call it a serum
i am usually a fan of clinique products
or josie maran argon oils
i fell in love with korres quercetin
ter in a nice box
i decided to try this because i wanted more vitamin c in my skin care regimen
i used the entire tube
maybe that explains the reviews saying it smells metallic or like vitamin c
ascorbic acid is acidified vitamin c
the real vitamin c in this mask is one of the last ingredients
like i do with my vitamin c serum
i like ren products so i gave it a try.
no vitamin c activation happened
usually like ren products
i love all my other ren products
especially the rosa centifolia line
le quite harsh products
will keep using my other fav ren products
i would describe it as "chemical citrus" ha
ole henriksen truth serum for vitamin c
i've used two bottles of the 50 ml size
purchased it with with rouge 20% discount back in november
alone serum for me
this is a good serum for any skin type
i wanted a serum that was antiaging
the serum is very light weight
i used it as a pre serum like it said with cliniques smart serum
usually uses peter thomas roth
i found the product oily
le on turning this oil into a milky solution
(water properties, i suppose).
i will use up the tube i have
"it is non foaming
i don't use waterproof
received as a vib rouge gift.
it is definitely a serum
i don't see any difference between this serum
the serum is not.
rew weil treatment lotion
by itself this serum is very sticky
the texture of this serum is not for me
if i wanted mineral oil i would buy baby oil
even the creamiest cc eye care cream from sephora
ed as it was in my t-zone
weil skin brightening serum
def couldn't wear under make up.
the scent on this moisturizer isn't as bad the cold plasma sub-d
have been on the hunt for a hg face cream/serum/treatment
nothing so far beats clarins double serum for all-day hydration
however i can't st
i am combination to oily skin.
i felt like within 20 min
it contains a ton of blue
i will stick with my caudalie serum.
le the product burning my skin
i applied it with the vitamin c serum every morning after toner
15 minutes in the skin inc mask had totally dried
i love their serum (although it is expensive).
i tried a delux size sample of this serum.
i believe the serum is in a clear bottle because the vitamin c etc is only in the tiny gel capsules
i only got a few gel capsules with each dropper full
perhaps it would if the serum
i will continue to search for the promising serum
eventually i stopped using it because it contains potassium hydroxide
i like this serum.
i spent $45 for a watered down version of hyaluronic acid
vitamin c, e and matryxl are common mixtures.
i wanted to contact skin inc
worst serum i have ever used.
used the vit a along with it
as a serum, this product is simply okay.
it instructs you to use 3 drops 2x a day
i don't feel like it is potent enough as a serum
i do like this serum a lot
f i decided to include it in my daily regimen
since it's collagen serum
plus this contains potassium hydroxide
i think i maybe allergic to coq10
other serum from this line
hyaluronic acid works perfectly fine on me
the box said it was formulated for asian skin.
i don't have asian skin
jawline do not need "lifting" as i have no desire to look like renee z
i love most of the ren products
i will still purchase ren products
the serum is very sticky
i switched over to a hydra concentrated serum which is working very well
no matter what type of cream i use after this serum
it is a clear serum
i see absolutely no benefits from this serum.
i love ren products
it isn't really a true serum
i follow a multi-step korean-western hybrid skincare regimen
ard hyaluronic acid-based serum
t laser fx lift
t needles no more
t dna transforming pearl serum
after my serum at night
granted it is winter in alaska
if you are a fan of josie maran's infinity cream
be warned it has witch hazel
now on the other h
hydrogenated caster oil is high up on the ingredient list
yep, half the bottle (about $15 worth!)
it doesn't remove my h2o proof wet
sephora specialist suggested to alternate against the vitamin nectar mask
i don't see any "corset" aka firming difference at all
oily on the t-zone
slightly oily in the t-zone
i like firming masks
this one isn't nearly as good as the black tea serum
not a holy grail product.
gets all over ur pillow
a petroleum-derived organic alcohol
which i won't publish b/c not wearing makeup
having used other dr
i apply after truth serum has sunk in
it's forty some dollars for over 5 oz
my much cheaper collagen filler works better
usually i'm satisfied with my dr
still do several of dr
will never purchase any dr. brandt products!
i really like dr
i didn't expect botox results
save your money for retinol or laser
i would rub my h
$16 for 1 oz of product is ridiculous
on top of that i can't st
i like a lot of the tata harper lines
i typically follow up with serum
i would stick with a drug store br
i developed a cluster of both milia
i would use this oil at night after the glycolic night serum
i substituted raw aloe vera after my night serum
ive been using it
i really expected this to be my hg facial oil
b hydra all over my face
also i apply the c-firma in the morning.
i'll buy the lala cream
i didn't like the viscosity of this oil
super disappointed because i've tried other d.e.
i wake up everyday w a new pimple
i am 42 i have combination skin
the c-firma day serum
the b-hydra gel
as i love all the other de products
i used this in combination with the juju bar
all were minis with exception of b-hydra
im a skin care junkie
lather it up using my h
i also like that it has antioxidants.
i'd suggest to sticking with oils with minimal ingredients like d
the sephora associate recommend this elixir when i asked for a serum
i can cover them with a bb cream
product by a different br
apply with my whole h
i much preferred the polyphenol night oil which really cleared up my acne
with using my st
ard cleanser in between uses
two stars bc it's a gentle cleanser
please bring the milk protein cleanser back!!!!!
the iron tip is cute
want a cool looking de-puffer
i would suggest clinique rollerball for better
liked the cooling of the w
also the iron applicator gimmick is cute
i would recommend sephora or clinique rollerball eye cooling gel instead
i will finish the tube
was sold this a better alternative to oh la la lift
oh la la lift does both of these things with flying colors
it interferes w my foundation
no benifits for me
when i use it under benefit's boi-ing concealer
and it foams like a rabid dog.
i like a lot of clinique products
have been using it with my mini luna sonic facial brush
ren as facial products
totally underwhelmed by this serum.
this serum is okay
this serum wasn't for me
barely apply the serum anymore
i tried this serum after using the original skin rose clay mask since i liked it so much
if you don't need a heavy duty serum
origins is a solid br
i love orgins products
this serum is thick for a serum
i like many ptr products
i expect more from a serum
it made my tarte bb cream streaky
this serum is just ok though.
it is more like a primer than a serum.
i got this mask in a set of ptr products
i will not repurchase because my favorites are pumpkin enzyme
i would actually recommend getting the mask-holic kit which is $75 which includes the 24k gold mask
i do however love ptr's pumpkin enzyme mask
the irish moor mask
but i do love the cucumber & irish moor masks!
stick to peter thomas algae mask
i think the ptr rose stem cell mask is much better for firming
leve on my skin for 20minutes
i received this in the peter thomas roth mask vault kit around the holidays
i generally love ptr products
the "hydration effect" does' t last long
the thomas roth black mask however is amazing!
the pumpkin enzyme mask is 10 times better
it will give me the possibility to try other products from peter thomas roth
i applied the mask
mud masque, i thought, le sigh, this again.
(uhhh hello, red face and white eyes lol).
pudding-y mask that was easy to spread on my face
i am not a huge fan pf oil cleanser.
using argan oil afterwards day
going back to ph advantage cleanser.
liked other peter thomas roth products
f you have sensitive skin
i loved ptr products
so when i read about vitamin k
i love ptr products
i tried a sample of the roth unwrinklle eye cream
i am fair skinned
i generally love ptr products
im still searching for the perfect eye cream
i usually luv ptr products
ptr's power k eye rescue is a good moisturizer
i love the gel formula
it didnt let post my review w/o one:
i love the glamglow masks
josie maran's aryan oil face wash
ling it this time
i got the cream as part of the lotus set.
i just couldn't h
il was the firts product of this line i tried
started using as a serum underneath my daytime bb cream
when i read "omega-rich superfoods that promotes smooth
this serum was okay.
i tried to use this as a h
almost has a plasticity smell.
the wrinkle formed bc i was using this face oil all over my face
when i did my alpha beta peel the next morning
is more of a toner than a st
highlighters are my color.
perricone md-please make some adjustments or make one for the pale ppl
spf in one product
the skin on my h
titanium dioxide or zinc oxide
i love the no foundation serum
i will be going back to the serum.
i am latin with olive skin.
i love any serum with anti-aging benefits
i rigorously apply a simple vitamin c serum everyday
it didn't have the pleasant vitamin c smell i am used to
i used this serum followed by my usual josie maran argan oil
the serum has a nice consistency
the serum would ball up
t had to be the serum rubbing off
you can find much better vitamin c serum's for a lower price
just like genifique it is a great serum
since it content vitamin c
i need to use it as this serum is not cheap.
found it no more effective than the vitamin c lotion from another popular br
that comes in capsules
i found out a couple of years ago while using kate somerville products that i am i cannot use anything with any form of algae
the serum itself is beautiful
peter thomas roth are just a few that make superb products over this
i love ptr’s other masks!
after i dispensed this on my h
it leaves a matt finish
i usually use dr
its consistency is similar to jell-o
the small amount of beta hydroxy acid contained in this product won't do much to tame breakouts anyway
this is a very thin serum
the complete opposite of the original super corrective serum
i like this mask
i love josie maran products
plus i found a better less expensive serum.
until i found out that i'm actually very sensitive to titanium dioxide
went back to my old chanel hydra essence standby.
i did like this serum
i figured since the vitamin c line worked wonders
very disappointed in the dermadoctor serum
i think it might be the vit e
with the form of vit c that is most effective
had to exchange it at sephora store for another serum
i would expect a vitamin c-based serum to absorb in less than 5 minutes
this serum really evened out my skin
quick results with vitamin c
considering it's a morning serum
i will likely return and try a cheaper c serum.
they should since im a rouge
in the vein of dior or ysl
waste of a promo code lol!!!
in my case marc jacobs or nars
i would suggest you try the vitamin enriched face base
i got a deluxe sample of this and it does nada.
even two shades of bb creams
i've tried so many primers
this new formula doesn't hold a c
le to the old one
43 yr old wf with sensitive combination skin.
since this version w/o spf is allure best product i thought i might try
i loved hope in a jar oil free spf
i used the jar
overall, the luna oil feels okay.
i love their u.f.o.
i am 35 with combo skin
dk maybe it's expired
then used it with the good genes
i do still use food genes
i will try the other oils by sunday riley when i finish this bottle
the first product from sunday riley i ever tried was the ceo moisturizer
i do however love the sr good genes
the luna sleeping oil
i stopped using luna and my oiliness subsided.
luna i'm sure works for a lot of skin types
not luna at all
you're lead to believe that this product is equivalent to retinol
retinol esters don't work the same way because you have to convert them into retinol for them to work
i used the whole bottle
i first learned about skin inc.
replenish which is the hyaluronic acid serum
reborn which is the collagen serum
at first i was using a drop of vitamin a on each cheek
the serum is too thick and goooy.
for one serum that does the work of 3
c- for the efficacy of the product
i like the serum.
i got vitamin a/chlorella/french pine bark
i believe it's the dimethicone.
not a fan of the silicone primers
it begins to pill horribly
it really grabbed a hold of my peter thomas roth tinted cc cream
as this is spf 30
i didn't think to sniff my h
it pills up as you're applying
i also tried the fab daily face cream
it makes my t zone
my t zone was super oily/shiny
i love many ptr products
especially b/c what i wanted was a primer
mt skin is so dry.
chicago spring like weather
make up forever hd foundation
like the aqua bomb
i like belif's aqua bomb
i only used 1/2 a pea worth
the sa recommend this product for my oily sensitive skin
however, it pills when i use it over serum.
i am shiny from the onset
$22 for less than an ounce (0.84 oz.
because aqua bomb contains dimethicone
i don't like alcohol in my skin scare product
get a cream from a different br
on the other h
i love korean skincare products
i love the moisturizing bomb and the aqua bomb.
i tried multiple times using different thicknesses
i literally have to wash my face 3x
though on the other h
it is now november
i love cliniques turnaround night creme
ive been obsessed with skincare lately
scale-y the morning after i use it
def would not reccomend for oily skin
i love the masks
i won't switch out the glamglow for my shu
with my vib rouge card for a full refund
i don't see it st
i switched from the algenist anti-aging day cream with spf to try this
their genius vit c serum
i err towards drier skin
wanted to love this for the sunscreen factor b/c i'm a big fan of genius cream
t was very cake-y feeling
on the other h
the zinc makes it very white
nourishing power with high level uva
had to use accutane in 6th grade
my skin was great after accutane
the back of my h
i used the mask
it burns for the first 2-3 min
have used better masks (eg seacret).
le the fact that the foam was in a sense "popping"
i used the masks
overall its an ok facewash.
used a whole bottle, no differance in skin.
i seriously question the presence of salicylic acid
while the serum was easy to use
use my regular serum
i didn't care much of the sparks they add into the serum as the optical corrector
i won't be purchasing this serum
i just can't st
i think i will stick to my sulfur mask instead for spot treatments
not amazing or hg status.
may try a different charcoal mask from another br
is supposed to contain "rose + rosehip" as the top of the bottle suggests
between the two, i'd purchase juno over flora.
overall, j'adore sunday riley!
sadly this is the first sr product i didn't love.
i tested it on my h
juno and luna take a bit.
it doesn't work so well on my eye makeup especially my waterproof kat von d tattoo liner
i adore the br
even while using dear matt.
ts easier to lather it around
t wouldn't cause my skin to overproduce oils
my skin is combo
i tried this serum on my h
i then put it on a la carte
i do like the br
the girl used this for the serum
the potency of the activator smells so strong
f u break out easily or have sensitive skin do not ude this
the formula feels lux
one of these has little r
om green leafs in them for no reason
use several products including drunk elephant's c firma
no special results al
actually that stuff is a little creamier than gg.
i am brown skinned.
i really liked the gg firming treatment
i am giving this only 3 stars since i am still yet to see the glycolic acid effects
i love origin products
has normal to combo skin
on the other h
i love sephora collection masks
i'll stick with regular masques
i like the oil
i believe castor is the oil in greatest concentration in this product
purchased this because i liked the face serum version of this
i read the ingredients
$60 for 1 ounce of facial masque with such low percentages of active ingredients is highway robbery
is it worth $60 for 1 oz of snake oil?
seen results with some sheet mask products fem sephora
this "serum" is significantly this kee than any other serum i own or have tried
whereas i have dry/combination skin
will probably exchange for a refill of my fav clinique moisture surge :
this serum is excellent.
i tried the e serum i didnt like it as much.
for reference i have oily skin.
i can't really say that this is any better than the regular mw moisturizer
im a 30 year old with mix/oily skin.
if u need a vey light balm go for it
as recommended by the sa
the consistency is like a serum
not a sticky serum like product
i think that if you've used glycolic acid
btw i have oily to normal skin
i just can't h
apply my ole henriksen day creme over it
i would not recommend using this creme
the smell is very old like the night creme i remember my gr
with an oily t-zone
compared to other eye creams ive used
i started using this eye cream along with l'occitane's eye serum
i usually use l'occitane divine cream-
i sure did have a histamine reaction with every product in this line
looked up the ingredients--turned out it contains sodium lauryl sulfate
stearic acid as the 7th
i started to get whiteheads all over my t-zone
i think there's a ton of other serums that claim to be firming
even tho the moisturizer contains alcohol
i got a deluxe sample of the tatcha deep hydration firming serum
at $114 cdn for 30 ml/1 oz, this was a splurge!
i wanted a serum with hyaluronic acid
this serum is just ok.
i tried the other tatcha brightening serum
i prefer the brightening serum
i know how to use the dropper
i adore this serum.
i hate the dropper though.
before you invest in this serum
you can't shake any serum out of the bottle into your h
it's meant to look "clinical" with the dropper
with this style of dispenser it can just quit r
lines like this serum
my medicine dropper quickly broke with serum in the tube
i am happy the serum is in a pump
this serum may be effective
i waste what is a very expensive serum
or the combo of serum + moisturizer globbed on the surface of my face
went back to genius vit c
i even applied it with a stainless steel rollerball which i also keep in the fridge to help de-puff
i started using this product on december 29.
the serum absorbed relatively well
i used the entire tube
i started on the 10 step korea skincare this february
sadly i don't recommend ren evercalm anti-redness serum
this serum is just okay.
alcohol is the 3rd ingredient??
only when the serum is applied
was hooked for it took off my tom ford liquid eyeliner
i tried this cream and used for 6 mos.
average at best.. back to la mer...
the marketing of the br
even added a drop of argon oil-the cream
i did tons of research on c serums
i been using the foreo nuna face wash device for about 1 yr
two different clerks recommended the peter thomas roth hydrating mask
i much prefer clay-like masks
i am a huge, huge fan of peter thomas roth.
i usually like ptr products to combat that
the consistancy feels like paste
i suppose it's the patented echinacea complex
i love the farmacy masks
the ingredients of this cream absolutely st
so the hot season has hit the usa!
good ol' end of july!
i think my other serum
take a few vitamin capsules
i swear by lancome's advanced genifique
like ive been lightly powdered by something
every time ai use it
f you're allergic stay away
if your skin can h
if your skin can't h
i love herbivore as a company
for reference i have the ufo oil from sunday riley
maybe i will order the herbivore roller ball
i tried herbivore's lapis oil
i normally use the phoenix oil by herbivore
'd ordered it directly off herbivore website along w the facial oils
ordered it feb 1st
i used the whole jar
it didn't brighten or de-puff
ed on the farmacy eye dew
i don't have bags
or you'll have flying serum everywhere
i wanted to like this serum
i like this br
the serum takes a long time to dry
t doesn't leave white streaks after using the serum
all seem to float on top of the serum
it does pill when placed over serum or oil
purchased the family remedy cream by h&k.
i've used this serum religiously every morning
i tried the rest of the de line via "the littles"
found that water-based serums containing vitamin c oxidize very quickly
turns out it was the vitamin c serum.
the serum did nothing for my skin
however it is a al
i do like the lala whipped cream
the baby facial from the br
i immediately stopped using the serum
natural vitamin c product that is noncomedogenic
continue to use this day serum
the framboos glycolic nigh serum
the b-hydra gel
maybe you're supposed to use the b-hydra gel on top?
i love de products
i hated this serum
i love the juju bar
this vitamin c serum broke me out so bad
wanted to love this serum.
the kit w the hydra
it has a thicker serum consistency.
this serum made me break out.
the serum applies extremely sticky
:( i had to switch to another vitamin c serum.
mixing with de hydra one didn't work out for me
t looked completely unnatural
it has the same ingredients that non korean br
"not my holy grail"
it feels likd u wash ur face with a shaving cream
when they discontinued the previous version of this serum
i actually received a sample i prefer-it's the black tea under eye balm
maybe not meant for asian skin?...
i'be tried a few other vitamin c serums
i am not happy with the serum
as my friend uses the same serum
to ward against sun exposure
there is hydroquinone is this serum
i used the whole bottle
immediately purchased this serum
i guess hormones finally balancing out
more blackheads that this product contains sodium laureth sulfate
i've bought three skin products of this br
also bc it says turns milky
as i've had great results with korean skincare
i paired this with the clinique dramatically different moisuturizing gel
i love sunday riley products
s of dollars worth of skincare products
prepped for the luna oil
my favorite one being the ren rose balm.
this cleansing balm contains caprylic/capric triglyceride
love the luna and good gene profits though!
oiler balm like the elemis pro collagen
emma hardie amazing face cleansing balm or even the peter thomas roth gold balm which is what i picked up when i returned this one
i love peter thomas roth products
hydrogenated vegetable oil in it for slip
ling it while dispensing
