luxurious cream to use- lovely texture
it had a funny smell, and a greasy texture.
definitely left a slightly blue/purple tint to my very fair skin
i swear this product tinted my skin purple/blue!
yes the product is "indigo"
most colored products don't actually color the skin
i loved the gentle color of this cream
the indigo line always leaves me feeling a little 'eh'
it is blue in color
i expected a more luxurious texture.
i liked the blue color
more like sits on skin and dries tacky and filmy.
it has a light oat scent
after using the tatcha indigo h
the smell of the cream is pleasant
skin has a gorgeous luster
i loved the fact that it was a silver shimmer
the mask smells like coconut.
the coconut smell is nice
the fake coconut smell really ruins it for me
first time i tried glam glow.
guess i won't be buying the glam glow limited edition sonic blue mask
my skin looked more radiant for sure
the mask smells delicious, like coconuts.
however i'd be willing to sample other glam glow masks
every glam glow product i've ever used my skin reacts too
it smelled like a pina colada which was fine.
i always love everything from glam glow
i love the smell of this mask!
my skin was bright red wherever the mask had touched my skin
the smell is very beach-like
with a fruity thing going on
almost smells like a tropical car wash or maybe a tanning salon minus the charred skin
the orange and blue are my fave!
the texture, the marshmallow smell.
while the chrome/silver aspect of it is cool.
adds a glow or something
i like the smell
the serum smells lovely
makes it feel silky smooth
i love fresh products
clinique advertises it as an instant awakening creme for the eyes
it's beautiful under makeup
left me eye area bright
it ends up cakey
i'd wake up with a tinge of brightness
pleasant on the skin
i love how this cleanser smells
i find this too creamy
really enjoying the sun coverage
this is a bit heavy for me, too creamy.
the texture is greasy
it is not pleasant
it made my skin feel like a glazed doughnut
it smelled like a creamsicle
this stuff makes my eyes so bright
smooth the appearance of my fine lines
does okay with light foundation/tinted moisturizer
get a couple silk pillowcases
help that gorgeous face of yours stay that way :)
i do enjoy the tingly effect of the product
turnaround overnight radiant lines
it does have a very satiny smooth finish
it has a light pleasant scent
the texture of this cleanser is very creamy
it has a nice fruity smell to it
my skin looked flawless
the smell is very sour like grapefruit or lemon which i kind of like
its cool that it's black
taut in the morning
definitely not wearable during the day
it's like weird cooking oil smell
i like the creamy texture.
this is a nice, thick moisturizer.
first of all, it smelled weird.
it's citrusy but with some awful top notes.
the scent is amazing.
the walnut scrub is my favorite.
i didn't enjoy the gloppy texture
it was not a pleasant feeling
i wish the raw sugar was more gentle.
it isn't as creamy in texture.
it was too creamy
fyi it smells like their warming cleanser
almost smells like paint.
product smells like pickles.
the scents a tad strong in the jar
good lort- the pelargonium graveolens flower oil
smells overpoweringly of old lady musty rose
scents don't irritate my skin either.
i like the concept of a charcoal mask
the scent is so strong
holy cow- it was so floral to me
made a awful bronzed orange colour.
using it as a primer it gives me a beautiful glow just as the lmercier radiance primer
just rock my tan
my fave looked beautiful
once i put it on it looked amazing to have a "natural glow"
i noticed it gave my skin a nice glow just a few nights after using
a subtle scent which i enjoy
i love the scent
it's overpriced for an oil blend
it's a lightweight, citrusy oil.
out there with more natural scents
it smells pleasant like lemon
nice blend of oils though.
it is a nice blend of oils
loved the citrus smell
it reminds me of orange glo furniture polish my mom used to use
legs to get a nice shine
there is a little smell to it that is kind of chemical smelling
felt very sticky and tacky on the skin.
it left my face feeling tacky
cooling but a little tacky after.
the smell is disgusting
it smells like cheese
le your face smelling like cheese
it also stays tacky on the skin
no minty or fresh feel at all.
for the cute look 2 stars.
my face was instantly shiny
i like the smell of this product
get something more creamy
it make my skin shiny
it's thin but not as creamy as i had hoped
it is not a fine mist at all
provide a pleasant spritz to the face
setting the cloth over your face so the warmth
i truly thought tarte was foolproof...
love all things tarte
i like the smell
i love the scent
has a light smell for the 2 stars
first, i love tarte products.
i love the fresh smell
my skin looks dull.
that pure plush was the new cleanser
this product also leaves my skin with a strange texture
slightly tacky to the touch
it is an ok cleanser with a pleasant enough earthy scent
the gelee is a cool concept
leaving it with a funky layer of stickiness on top
and the fragrance was a turn-off.
it made my face look shiny
the scent is okay
despite having oily skin it was incredible- my skin was luminous
it also gives me a nice radiant glow
it's a beautiful oil though.
i don't see any "brightness"
the oil smelled lovely the first couple of uses
as it seems to be the crown jewel of the korres line
like old rotting roses
this product is waaaaay too fragrant
although there is a somewhat pleasant frangrance at first whiff
the cream has a nice texture
it used to be rich, creamy, and lightly fragrant.
has a strong cheap-perfume smell
dry mature skin i need something creamier based.
i liked the light scent
tarte seems to have gone really downhill
this cream is tacky at first
made her skin glow
definitely didnt give me any type of glow
it smells like lemon nightmares.
it smells like a men's cologne.
the smell of this oil wasn't pleasant to me
it's rich in omegas
the burgundy red color of the whole line is not very appealing
clear glass with some colored flowers
the consistency of the creme is light
it also smells very light and pleasant.
lack of perfume smell on my face
it is smooth, smells nice, and absorbs quickly.
i do like the scent
love the smell as it is very subtle
power essence is a decadent moisturizer that will leave your skin feeing dewy
it has a nice fresh cucumber scent
it feels super lovely
it leaves a tacky feeling around my eyes
i enjoy this eye cream.
it smells like cucumbers :) and it's refreshing.
i loved the texture
no difference in "radiance" or anything
this mask is unremarkable, in my opinion.
using with a sun screen
silky moisturizer that won't grease you up then this is a good choice
even if the fragrance is natural
it was a little hard to take--sweet
the texture of the gel was very luxurious
when i put it on my face it was really floral smelling
i like the texture
the cream looks white in the photo
glow side by side
surprisingly the glow part didn't add much of a drama to the moisturize
the smell reminds me of old flowers
this was a nice illuminator mixed with foundation
it gave we a great dewy glow!
just wore this with finishing powder since this color complimented my tan so well
the shimmer stick on top and is a nice bonus.
leaves a dewy like complexion
felt that the "glow" made my skin too shiny
did add luminosity to my skin
the glow it gives is nice, but subtle.
it does leave a nice luminous glow to the skin
smelled odd as well
i received the beam team hydrate + glow complementary from the estée edit
while still leaving me a natural glow
i ended up looking over bronzed and fakey.
the rest of this line is so amazing at achieving a natural glow
that i'm sure this works wonders for anyone that isn't glowing white pale like i am
the beige color is also subtle
which is what i love as it gives you a hint of glow
i am not a fan of the shimmer
" which is a nude mauve
pigmented with a nice satin finish
it makes my skin look bright and alive.
this looked very ashy on me
the actual glow was very subtle!
can be used under foundation for a dewy glowy look
the builtin highlighter gives you even more glow
a nice highlight for your cheekbones
it added a nice dewy glow to make up
it has a satin finish which feels nice
the shimmer that comes along with it
it gives a very nice champagne shimmer color to the skin
immediately thought the color was beautiful
this is best suite a tan person.
this is a beautiful product
it made for a pleasant bonus
it gave a good glow
it gives a nice glow with your makeup
this is beautiful, if you have a tan.
when i have a tan
my fair skin since i've lost my summer tan
bedazzled, glitter bombed faces...
nice "glow" about it too
the product is lovely.
no scent which i like
it has a lovely velvety foam which was nice
it states that its not-scented on the bottle
i am not a massive fan of floral scents
this just smelt so strongly like roses
the smell was very overpowering
definitely a pass if you are the type of person that is sensitive to scents or isn't a fan of floral scents
it smells so lovely like roses
left my skin beautiful
it also makes my nose look so shiny
i found the rose scent to be pleasant
while it was creamy
if you like the scent of roses
i love all the rose fresh products
the scent is more like lotion than like rose water or anything floral
i like the rose smell
i just purchased the lotus cream
i love the fresh black tea line
it has that silky silicone feeling
gives the skin that beautiful healthy look
if anything it was less supple and radiant.
moist also bouncy w/a glow
it feels tacky on the face
stays tacky throughout the day
the natural scent of the ingredients is subtle
this was a unisex scent
smells nice, a little greasy (??)
the smell is just funky
this new version has an overpowering smell
it's very floral and it lingers.
you'll notice that funky smell
this one smelled like a strong men's cologne
the smell is an awful rotting smell
the first thing i noticed when trying this product for the first time is that it smelled very yeasty
it smells like flowers with b
the smell is intense
the smell was overpowering
the product smells fresh
it makes my skin feels a tinny bit fresher
it kind of oozes out with warning.
it is really subtle
it is a gold color
supple or other adjectives they may have claimed
my skin wasn't more radiant
it does have a strong scent
it looks so luxurious
the packaging is cute
it looks like glittery gold nail polish in the bottle
it also has fake little gold shimmer bits in it.
ma's over-powering floral scented perfume
it was lovely in color
i'd rather something smell earthy
it is very perfumed
smells like bad mens' cologne
a floral powdery scent to me.
if you like floral scents this may work for you.
the scent is giving me a headache
i love the glow it gives my skin
the scent is overwhelming
the best way for me to describe the scent is it smells like an old lady perfume
the scent is lovely
it feels tacky to the touch
this elixir reminds me of the overpowering stench of 7th grade boys drenched in axe body spray as they walk into class
the promises made are glorious
it's like a illuminating skin primer
i really don't need sparkly skin at night
the thought of sleeping with glitter on my face during the rejuvenating/healing time is unsettling
with glitter all over
the scent is strong--
not in my flavor wheel
this is scented, and has shimmer (in it).
i think the fragrance bothers me more than the shimmery ingredient
it is pleasant to use
the strong perfume smell
while the packaging looks luxe
i also like that it's gentle
eyeliner was chalky not creamy.
the color is a black blue
it is very strongly scented almost like cologne
the smell is very mushrooms
this product has a very strong perfume scent.
i wasn't keen on the scent
which reminded me of old floral water
i don't feel brightened.
it does make my skin more radiant and brightened.
leaves you with a magical glow
this will leave a shiny
i do think it brightens my complexion
i personally liked the earthy herb scent
it smells like an old person's house mixed with 20 years of stale cigarette smoke
it brightened my skin only because it has very fine shimmer in it
i enjoyed the cucumber smell
this product has a very nice lightweight gel formula which i love using in the summer plus a fresh smell that's pleasant
brightened my skin well
it also has a funny smell.
i did enjoy a kind of citrusy scent it had.
smells like lemon sorbet
it doesn't offer a nice glow at all!!
as another reviewer said appears to have a shimmery quality that isn't noticeable just looking at the cream itself
motherly like scent of it
the scent is strong rose
wow wow wow, this is heavily perfumed.
there is a light fragrance
while you may love the luxury feel of fragrance
i love the texture
despite it's aqua forming appearance
i do like the herby scent it has
found the scent to be very pleasant
not greasy or tinted
it has a very strong citrus-y smell
it has very fine subtle shimmer in it
refreshing against the skin
it had a delightful scent
i love lots of fresh products
i liked the texture
the rose they use smells so strange, like dill.
fine lines or radiance
infused with nourishing shea
it has a light pleasant scent which i appreciate since i am sensitive to scents
for this small bottle of beautiful smelling oil
the smell is disgusting.
it's awesome- smells like a vanilla cupcake
the scent was too overpowering
it smelled like men's aftershave
i like the texture of the product
the fragrance was nice
s felt like it was silk
two cons are the weird smell of the product
it does get cakey like.
as a lover of red wine
feels tingly and soothing but that's about it.
i like the tingle effect.
positives: cooling, smells nice, fairly gentle
i didnt get the "radiant" look its supposed to give you
it have a very minty sensation that sometimes gives you a minty burning sensation in the eyes
aside from the beautiful packaging
i noticed instant warmth on my face like an irritation
the scent is pleasant but very mild.
it smells better than witch hazel
i love my glam glow and origins .. took it back!
this has a pink pearly effect to it which looks nice on pale skin
would be gorgeous under makeup
not too shimmering as some said
this one was just oddly
surprising too sparkly in the sunlight
hate the matte feeling.
have a little glow without putting makeup on
i saw no glow whatsoever.
i love the glow/shimmer it gives
it is shimmery, sparkly and just not for me.
the scent of it was like cologne
this is very citrusy
on the richer texture
luxuriously feeling thick cream
0% smoothness, 0% brightness.. 100% oily look.
the cream smells like baby powder to me.
not in a pleasant way
feel very tacky to touch
slinky20141 out of 5flakes off
her skin is flawless
it has a very silk texture
it made my skin feel tacky
silky liquid for 30 days
a brightening cream that actually darkens
doesn't smell like chemicals or fake flowers
i love the texture of it
i like the texture.
unfortunately my dry skin was neither quenched nor radiant
this mask/face wash is too creamy
the glow is nice, very subtle.
want a dewy natural look sans any foundation
or on top of a tan
i like a good glow
the glamglow was a bit too shimmery without powdering it down
i love the glow it gives my skin underneath my foundation
perfect for summer glowy perfection!
nothing special, no glow.
i did smell like oranges
ordered the pearl shade thinking it would be great
very ice cream-y and sweet.
i know better than to buy something with glow or luminous in name
the glow and smell is incredible!
it gave my skin a beautiful glow
it's one of those fruity smells that gives you a slight headache
this moisturizer does give a nice glow
it was a beautiful shimmer under my everyday foundation
sparkles more than illuminates
this is very shimmery.
like middle school dance shimmery.
saw how beautiful the nude color blended in with my skin
this product in the deepest color gives me face a nice healthy tint without wearing makeup
it has some weird orange smell to it
i received this in my april sephora play beauty box in the shade nude glow
it also has a watery consistency
the glow is a little lack luster.
with an undertone of something rotten
i don't see any glow or illumination
if it's a glow you want
the product has a light tint to it
the pimples outweigh the pleasant scent
this smells exactly like an orange creamsicle
your skin looks radiant with it.
it's like someone took an orange creamsicle
amplified the smell with more creamsicle
if you want a good glow to your skin
it does give a beautiful luminosity to the skin
so on days where i need a glow
i combined it with my bliss tinted moisturizer upon my second attempt
***i feel that illuminating drops added to tinted moisturizer will achieve the same sought-after glow that this product gives for much less than $50
this moisturizer is jam-packed with glitter that instead emphasizes every nook
i loved the subtle illuminating effect
the bubblegum smell is too strong for a face product
the scent of this is very fruity
i love the scent
was so excited to use it because it's glam glow
this is a no go glam glow.
it didn't give me any glow
use it as a body moisturizer for a little glow
this stuff smells amazing i have the one in the nude glow
some sort of coconut white chocolate
end up looking downright shiny
this is beautiful for formal looks
you get a really nice glow
it's overly shimmery that just makes you look oily
the shade is flattering
setting spray it makes me shiny
this smells like a bath
body work creamsicle reject scent
i like the grittiness of the product
this cleanser is orange and it has an okay smell.
it's a nice cleanser and gently exfoliates.
smells a bit like peppers
the moisturizer feels beautiful on the skin
it has a strange, vinegary smell.
the smell is funky
it also made my nars sheer glow foundation ball up
very subtle, inoffensive scent.
it instantly makes my skin look matte
my makeup would look cakey
it goes on super grainy.
it has a strange consistency that's a cross between a moisturizer
3 stars for the strange smell.
i like the texture
dewy look i achieved after using my play
i love the dewy look
left me shiny all day
it has the consistency of frosting.
this eye cream sounds amazing
it was heavily perfumed to me
i also found the scent to be overpowering
because the scent was overpowering
this lotion smelled nice
the texture is pleasant
i liked the smell though, and the cute dispenser.
it has a masculine fragrance that i find too strong
it is a nice thick cream
it has a perfume scent
the smell is odd
woke up with three lovely new pimples
it's weightless on my skin
glittery/shiny is not the same thing as dewy!
made your skin luminous
the shimmer is perfect for a summer glow.
translate into something less misleading: radiance = glitter
your "glow" is only coming from the shimmer particles in this product
it gives a nice glow when you apply it
the gold in the gel gave me a glow
it wasn't really a glow
it has a tacky finish
it leaves your skin looking luminous
the packaging was so beautiful
with a little bit of shimmer in it
tacky for a good 15-20 minutes
it has beautiful packaging
leaves my skin feeling tacky
fell in love with the gold sheen of the moisturizer
i tend to go for subtle looks with mega highlight
the gold sparkles were nice
the gold sparkles in it were stunning
i liked the scent of the product
it also has shimmer .
it has gold glitter
it gives you a subtle glow
although i get the concept of the luminous look
i still looked shiny
i appreciated that it was gentle
makes them all watery
the smell made me really dizzy
this product overwhelming smells of alcohol
there is just a straight smell of vodka
glam glow mask does come with a brush
i honestly thinks the smoothness is from all the peach fuzz
the smell is overwhelming
the smell is almost unbearable.
only good thing about this is the metallic look.
sure the metallic copper is a cool look
the look of the orange was cool but that was it.
just splurge on the glam glow one
the charcoal and pink rose clay are great
gave it 2 instead of 1 because it's metallic
the metallic finish is really nice the alcohol smell is terrible
this product looks really cool since its rose gold
its a peel mask which is fun
its fun to see the copper color on your face
this smells like alcohol.
in fact it reminded me how nice a copper sheen makes my eyes look greener
it smells like a harsh vodka as soon as you put it on
the copper color is cool
it felt like i was breathing in a strong overpowering citrus fragrance
it dries to a beautiful bronze color
the smell really is overpowering.
mixed with an orange juice scent
the product is creamy, but not too thick.
i noticed this abundant greasy texture
for me the fragrance is overpowering
its more gentle then soap
perhaps the tannins were just too astringent for me
it has a very strong fragrant smell to it.
maybe too fragrant for this sensitive face?
it smells clean and minty .
first impression the smell
it felt greasy and made my face shiny.
it was very faintly scented
it's more chemically rosy type smell that i couldn't get used to
i love the light clean scent it has
it has cute packaging
it leaves my skin with a tacky feeling
my face remained shiny
my skin feels like silk day
i liked the texture of it which was sticky
has a strange burning/tingle to it
it smells like patchouli, my most hated scent.
this cream is heavily scented
it's like layering full-power old lady perfume on your face
i don't mind the scent
the scent reminds me of an over perfumed gr
i couldn't get past the strong perfumed scent
and the scent was overpowering to me.
leaves a very sticky/tacky feeling
it gives you a healthy skin glow.
i loved the lightweight formula and scent!
the sales associate said i would glow.
my moisturizer already gives me a nice glow
it smells like alcohol and cheap perfume.
this will give a glow to the skin before it dries up
this moisturizer seemed to work well providing a nice glow under my foundation
it has a strong scent of rubbing alcohol
unpleasant, almost musty scent.
love the scent of it
the fragrance is irritating
on the bright side it does give you a nice glow
my skin felt velvety smooth right after
the smell is fine
shine in the hot months
my skin looked shiny
the scent is noxious
this mousiurizer gave off a slightly pink illimunated glow that was very pretty
felt uninviting on my face
was hoping for a dewy or natural soft glow
the simmer makes my face look pink with hint of glitter
the glow it gives is nice
was initially impressed with the pink glow it gives skin
it looks like a quartzy holographic highlighter with some shimmer
it's beautiful when it comes out of the package
it had a beautiful pink iridescence to it that surprised me
it seemed to be the flakiest in the areas that were more luminous than others
it looked like i had dipped my whole face in holographic highlighter
this product leaves a beautiful glow
leaves a weird tacky/milky residue on your skin
the smell it has is unbearable
it has an overpowering sweet
it smells like a mix of old bay seasoning
the smell is very herbaceous from all the essential oils
on the bright side
especially when i'm at my palest
it's a very natural smell
the smell is disgusting!!!
it's like applying a ltasteless orange marmalade to your face
its chunky because of the fruity material
feel likes little pieces of orange pulp.
the smell is delicious if you like citrus
i appreciate the "freshness" of the mask since there are citrus pieces in it
it has a great citrus fragrance
citrusy and fresh great for a spa day mask.
like a citrusy fruity party all over my face
was definitely thrown by the chunky pulpy salsa consistency
it has a very pleasant, citrus smell.
the smell is natural
i love fresh mask
i didn't feel or notice any more vibrant/radiant like i do with other masques
it has a very refreshing smell
if you want to get a good mask try glam glow products
pulpy texture that is super sticky
despite the enchanting smell
it gave me more of a glowy/dewy look instead of a brightening
this one leaves my skin actually glowing
did not see an instant glow.
i love the scent
it literally feels like jam on your face with little apricot
the smell is pleasant
the texture is chunky
it smells like apricot jam or marmalade with the same consistency
it has the consistency of orange marmalade
it gives you a nice natural glow
the scent is too cloying
i liked the texture
it did give a slight pearly finish after application
in my opinion gives your face a much softer more natural glow
it has a brown color
what i found annoying is the very high percentage of radish root ferment
less on the radish
dewy glow to my face--
subtle glow, strong herbal scent.
the glow is more golden than pink.
i like the texture
the level of glow is dim
find this to be very aggressively herbal with pungent sour grassy notes rather than floral or citrus
everything that claims to "illuminate" the face since i love having glowing skin
my skin just looked shiny
it's not floral or anything nice
is farrrr too shimmery for individuals with medium to dark skin tones
this product is very shimmery
it does "brighten" my eyes
it does brighten under my eyes
it left uneven pearlescent streaks
slightly iridescent eye cream that doesn't do as much as tata's other eye creams
it leaves a whites film on the eyes i like how it's shimmer
seriously along the lines of a semi-subtle liquid highlighter or illuminating primer
the product itself is a beautiful opal color
and the smell is nauseating.
i love how bright it makes my skin first off.
the color is an opalescent white which is pretty
ok so the made my face glow.
while i find it pleasant to use
finer than in a micro-glitter eye shadow
while some may like this "lit from within" type of shimmer
which performed beautifully on my skin
this feels luxurious on my skin.
the warmth of it on my skin is very relaxing
the only thing i enjoy about this mask is how creamy it feel
the warming sensation it gives
it did get creamy when rubbed in
it's fun to see the texture change from goopy honey to milky cream
as you message it into your skin it quickly turns to a white creamy like texture that's easy to apply
there is a slight honey like scents that does linger on as the mask sits on the skin
it was bright, silky smooth and plump.
the tingling sensation was nice.
because i love the texture
it has a smokey smell which isn't my favorite.
i liked the warming sensation
my skin is glowing
it felt sticky like honey and smelled nice.
it comes in a beautiful jar
flaky in the winter
while i felt the tingle
i like the color
i found the warming effect pleasant
purchased this mask after seeing the beautiful packaging
the gooey texture on my face was not very pleasant
it does brighten the skin
not because of the slightly sulfurous smell
the smell of the sulfur was so strong
gives only a nice glow.
no highlighter appearance, no glow, no shimmer.
did not leave a luminating glow as the product described
i expected something to give a glow-it didn't.
then my radiance primer as opposed to this slightly shimmery moisturizer
it made my skin look very sparkly
this glotion is much to shimmery
smells the same, a lovely light rose scent.
it smells like bad cucumbers.
this product is gentle on skin
this milky one isn't terrible
however, the smell was overpowering.
i hate the smell of celery
i like the way this is gentle
it smells strongly of old perfume
the scent of this product gives me a headache
it is so overpowering.
the fragrance is a super strong cologne type smell that i found overpowering
like artificial herbs and flowers.
points for cute packaging though!
that feeling is pleasantly weird
i found the smell
this is a nice smelling, well cleansing wash.
the packaging is gorgeous however
it does leave my skin very bright
the good: -smells wonderful-very gentle on skin
love the glass bottle
i noticed that on my oily areas this worked beautifully
the texture is light and the scent is lovely.
it does have a very pleasant scent
it smells very natural and light.
leaves a weird film on my skin
the packaging is chic.
it still looks very cakey
so trying to blend it into my neckline is a nightmare
this product makes my skin too pale
this product is for the people who have pale skin
i tried to blend it
this product isn't meant for very pale people.
this product was about 5 shades too dark for me
it made my skin look very pale
it covers redness beautifully.
the shade did not blend at all with my fair skin
i am a very pale natural redhead.
a fine mist of setting spray
it still sometimes looks a bit "cakey"
my complexion is fair/light
it needs to have a more pleasant smell.
this one smells rancid
i like the way it turns from a balm to a little milky
the citrus smell is okay at first
milky texture it doesn't set matte
leaving my complexion looking dull
brighten my under eyes
my dark circles looking even darker
i like the texture
and it works beautifully with the first few uses.
it went from a dreamy whipped bouncy texture to yet another murky thick curdled mess in a jar
i give this cream 3 stars for thick creamy texture
i noticed nothing "magical" with this cream despite the claims
i switched to this eye cream from the fresh black tea eye cream because the fresh one is very expensive
i like its texture
this cream smelled exactly like bathroom cleaner
while a nice citrus scent
it is super tacky.
i smelled like men's cologne.
the smell is nice, kind of citrusy.
to me it's a ginger/lemon scent.
the scent of the cream
this product has a lovely spa-like smell to it
it takes forever to blend in
the consistency is very creamy
the slight tint it gives
since this is tinted
it could possibly be the tint in it
im pale so this won't work for darker skin tones
the "beige" color was darker than my porcelain/ivory skin
when i saw myself in the mirror with natural lighting
it was so pale
the color was fine
it dries down very dark and orange tinted.
it's basically greenish white foundation
everything that touches your face will have some tan transfer
the white residue would not blend with my skin.
it's a creamy green color that goes on effortlessly
it did do a beautiful job of correcting my redness
boscia's charcoal peel off brightening mask was great-
felt greasy and smelled somewhat bad.
the smell was unpleasant
i loved the texture
has no harsh smell
my tarte lights camera flashes mascara was still on
i like the texture
it does have a faint rose geranium (?)
it smells like cheap chemical
the scent is so overpowering
it smells like baby powder with flowers.
i don't mind scents
it doesn't feel like cashmere
the scent is fairly pleasant.
your skin certainly feels cashmere soft instantly after using it
it's like olive oil gone bad
this is a nice, gentle moisturizer.
really subtle vanilla scent that is barely there
the smell is not pleasant
kind of a weird plant smell
this cream feels luxurious
it has a repulsive smell!
the smell is unpleasant
i don't like smelling it throughout the day
the formula itself was very creamy
as soon as i smelled the earthy
nutty scent i knew what this "single
this cream felt soothing
had to wash it off immediately because the floral/powdery scent is so overwhelming
but the smell seemed kind of funky to me.
the smell is overpowering
the oil smells like olive oil
it has a weird old cosmetic smell to it
noticed by face was super shiny
i think i was expecting rich creamy moisturizer
there is a faint smell of lavender
i liked the texture of the cleansing oil.
ok the bright side
the packaging and product itself are lovely!
first thing i noticed was the beautiful packaging
the packaging is beautiful
i liked the luxurious feel of the bar
the silky feeling of the cleansing oil
glowing after using this product
the scent that was noticeable wasn't very good smelling
gentle on my skin
the bar soap isn't harsh
it makes my skin feel like velvet
i think it's the epitome of chic
the texture reminds me of the benefit porefressional
the powder turns into a foamy mask which is an interesting texture
the mask does not smell like matcha at all！it smells terrible…
the smell was unbearable
the way the mask smells
the texture is too thick / hard to blend
dark shade under eyes
this product above all had a nauseating smell.
i expected a creamy foamy wash like the fab cleanser which i love
this has a funny smell
this was just watery
i know honey is naturally pretty fragrant
the scent is almost overpowering
this balm is wonderful in the morning before putting in my earrings
the smell of honey was overwhelming for me
it doesn't smell like honey or anything sweet
it smells kind of musty.
it mixes to a frothy liquid
this stuff is straight up iridescent glitter!
makes you sparkle, not glow..
it does make my makeup sparkle
makes it glow brighter
s looking like a sparkly mess
gave me a clear highlighter which i loved-
once i entered natural light the product was all sparkles
"natural looking glow" in the description made me laugh
this stuff made me sparkly.
this is a beautiful illuminating moisturizer
it is so sparkly
it does give your skin a subtle illuminated look
love tarte, but just no.
this moisturizer is loaded with fine multicolored glitter
it is not illuminating
just coats your face in sparkle
i actually like shimmery stuff for every now
my skin is olive and this is way too pink.
and the shimmer is too pearly for my taste.
the highlight is a shimmery sheen
i also can't see the shimmer being shimmery enough to use as a highlighter
it is very glittery
i literally glow like a twilight vampire.
about 10% of the glow would've been nice
glitter was everywhere and formula felt tacky.
rest of the face looks beautiful under makeup.
like tarte would have a product like this at all
the weird sheen it gives is very off putting
i ended up looking sort of metallic
way too shiny/glittery for me!
i realized it was a pink tint with tons of glitter
plus i'm more yellow toned
the pink tint didn't work for me
it was super creamy
a very abundant amount of glitter!
doesn't give you that refreshed glow!
want some glow to my skin
it does nothing to add a glow to your makeup
it's like an explosion of glitter
it left my skin way too shiny for my taste
there was glitter everywhere
glitter bomb or glowy sheen
it wasn't just a sheen
because the light catches on distinct glitter particles
reflects in this pink
not like a finely milled highlighter
the pros: lots of holographic glitter
looks gorgeous in sunlight
this product is pure glitter
that's the "illuminating" effect!
it seemed like after it dried it went from a cute sheen to a claire's glitter explosion on my face
the sparkle that seemed to be on my h
i do however love tarte makeup
it really was reminiscent of the twilight movies.
it's glitter not shimmer.
this is crazy glittery
you can see the sparkles
too much shine and sparkle for me.
it does have tiny particles of shimmer.
i do like using it top of cheekbones for a glow
i also blend a cream highlighter on top of brighter days for even more intensity
like the look for what i'm using it for inspire of the sparkles
really wish tarte would have eliminated the sparkles in this highlighting moisturizer
it is way too shimmery
the sparkles look white on your face
had to rub it in vigorously to make it not look sparkly white
it has straight up chunky glitter in it
not in a "sparkly" way
maybe in a shimmery way
in my opinion it's not sparkly
until i looked at my face in bright lighting
it accentuated all of my skin texture
it also has a fine micro glitter that looks very obvious in bright lighting
this was a sparkling glitter bomb.
the sparkles stay on your h
but this tarte one is surprisingly small.
i ordered this from tarte
this tarte comes out whitish pinkish
like i said sephora is a creamy beige more with skin color
i love anything shimmer
for reference my skin color is is light with neutral undertones
has a gold micro glitter.
it does have glitter in the formula or shimmer
has shimmer in it which i don't like at all
old lady perfume smell
to me it just looked like awkward shiny under eye skin
i like the smooth texture of this product.
it has the texture of a primer
it is lightly scented & i love that.
i don’t like to put scented cream on my face
i do like the scent of the eye cream.
shimmery finish which was great for highlighting during the day
i like the shimmer color it has to it
its a very thick cream similar in texture to a moisturizer something rich you would use at night
i love the lancôme face blur
eyeshadow colors showed more vibrantly
it's a thick unique texture that melts into a cool
i love the fresh products
my skin feels nice and silky but that's about it.
this product is loaded with irritating fragrance.
the fragrance is so strong!
with a high astringent note
was expecting a citrus kind of smell
it smells like stale vinegar
it smells like strong vinegar.
my foundation looked crackly
my skin looked dewy
it has some shimmer to it
it left a tacky feeling
it made the foundation textured
not sure how i feel about the shimmer/tint
it even made my super pale self look kind of tan because it almost seemed like it had some pigment in it
the light hint of humor highlight in the product
you know, that cheap watery pink soap???
it made my face look shiny
my biggest complaint is that it is shimmery
it gives me a hydrating glow
it smells lovely, light scent.
it has fine shimmer which unfortunately clings to texture
i also loved how it made my face glow from within
the sample made me glow
i like the smell
the product smells faintly of coconut water which isn't bad
makes my skin dewy
green tea micellar waters
the green tea smells pleasant
the scent is a fake rose smell
the scent makes me nauseous
with it being grey-tinged
might try other scents.
leaves my face feeling somewhat film-y
it's that typical pinky iridescent tone
does not feel luxurious
my foundation alone wears beautifully
the scent was nice and it smelt very luxurious.
it added a little more of a glow to my skin
felt to creamy for a mask.
soothing that i prefer to this one
i liked its texture
i received clarin's hydra-essentiel silky cream complimentary for testing/review purposes from influenster
it has the sorbet like texture
the smell is so overpowering though and lingers.
sort of get a hair spray vibe
is pleasant application experience
i loved the texture of it
while i love the texture of this product
while at first i loved the texture
i love the that it has 47 spf & and is tinted.
get very tan in summers
the color is off for my tone
i rather be shiny than red.
gives a sort of ruddy looking cast to the skin
the tint of this stick is darker than what it appears online
it made my fair skin look orange-y
it looks light with pink undertones in the picture
it's more like medium with golden undertones
i am uber pale
if this came in a paler shade
the shade was too dark for my light skin color
is too fragrant for me
then use a translucent setting powder
not like greasy shiny
shiny even through my matte foundation powder
although the added heavily-floral fragrance that's found throughout the clarins line may feel luxurious to you
my face looks/ feels more textured
the perfect swirls made me happy
the packaging is cute
when i open the jar it's very gorgeous
imagine like 2 flavors ice cream in a jar
rather than the regular nutty scent of argan oil
i also like the texture.
i really like the smell and texture of the cream.
your skin looks glowy
reeks of an artificial orange room spray that makes me nauseous
smells good tho and hydrates.
i loved the scent
it smells like an orange creamsicle
i like the smell
my skin looks as shiny as an oil slick
it made my skin bright and it smelled so good.
i still had that glow though
it seemed so luxurious
had a nice refreshing scent
it smells a little fruity
it also doesn't help that it comes with a faint orange tint
the orange creamsicle scent was cloying
super shiny and just gross.
for the first hour you are wearing it you can smell the fruitiness of the lotion
over powering orange scent
i love the smell of coconut
it didn't have a natural or even sweet fragranced coconut scent that i was expecting
this product has a strong scent
its more bubbly than foamy
some pros of this product are: fresh mint smell
the scent is refreshing
a less-than-pleasant scent
it's very very thick and creamy.
the texture is chalky
the perfume is also overbearing
it's lightweight and dries to a powdery finish.
sadly just can't tolerate the overwhelming floral perfume they scented it with :
this has a super heavy scent
the scent smells almost artificial
it has a tacky formula
the blend of this oil sounded promising to me
it has been quiet good at nothing happened to my face like reddish pimple or spots
my skin ends up looking pale
especially the tea tree
the packaging is cute.
i love the minty smell
it's like a minty smell
the scent is strong
i enjoyed the scent
ole henriksen just sounds so exotic
smells maybe a bit to earthy
i will say that the minty smell
the smell is super overpowering
i always felt shiny by the afternoon
does give an instant matte finish
this left a tingly feeling and a matte finish.
also with the same lovely scent that the other balance products have
i loved the way it smelled
i love the refreshing scent of this product.
it has a quite strong tea tree kind of scent
i like the smell and the consistency.
family said that my face looked dewy
i love the texture
it's almost like a musky smell
i love the texture, it is so light and smooth.
the only shade that really matched my skin was the darkest shade
i still don't fully believe that a tinted moisturizer product can be a tint
my fingers to blend the product
i couldn't stop sneezing from the strong perfume scent
it is also highly fragrant
gives the skin a very subtle glow
i liked the fresh smell
it is a sour tangy scent that lingers
it sinks in beautifully
went on well and made my skin look bright.
it reminds me of cooking oil except the scent of farsali is citrusy
i liked the fersali gold elixir
the scent was fairly pleasant
it smelled like oranges
the gold flakes are neat
i like this for a luxurious touch
while i feel it is lovely
just another beauty oil
smells like old cooking oil.
only 3 months after purchasing this elixir the fresh citrus smell went away
now the oil smells like pungent chemicals
smelled like cooking oil.
it also has a weird lemon scent.
smells like cooking oil
my skin looked more radiant
it smelled so luxurious
creates a textured finish with makeup
i love the rose gold elixir
the unicorn essence does not only have a magical name
it is also gorgeous to look at
the smell is divine
i did not find the sweet vanilla scent overpowering
nor did i find the product's pink glitter coloring to st
the fact it's a pink color
the packaging is beautiful
its cute that the oil is pink
mine doesn't smell sweet it smells like chemicals
i love sweet smells
cool color of the product
makes my skin look radiant
while on paper it sounds wonderful with all of the superfruit extracts
helps provide a natural glow under your constructed complexion
smells like fruit loops
plus the smell is disgusting.
smelled like candy felt like water.
the product looks beautiful
there is a shimmer to it
buuuut if you don't really like sparkle/shimmer
this made my skin tacky
y smell" is not natural- it's added fragrance
the color is captivating.
this for the sake of sparkle
is a cool glowy pink color
sparkly eye shadows pop
so sparkly buuuuttt it made my face break out
its sparkly pink format
i didn't like the glitter or purple color
my skin felt tacky afterwards
f you're sensitive it has fine glitter/sparkles in the formula
i like that it is a purple bottle
it comes out a pink color
it also has a scent
it just looks like pink watery glitter
it is a nice primer due to the tacky texture it leaves
and i like sweet scents
while this product does give some glow
this product didn't give me a dewy glow
does not have the luxurious feel
i just lost my vibrancy
i feel like i have to tug at my skin to blend this out
it also leaves you looking very shiny.
its kind of like licorice
the product also lect my face shiny
my face was shiny in 3 hours.
this creme hydrating my skin beautifully
it had this tingly menthol feeling
foul smelling reformulation of their beloved classic sorbét creme
it's texture was sublime.
excellent hydra life pro-youth creme sorbet
the fragrance is the same
the fragrance in this product is so overpowering
it does have a strong perfume scent
fragrance is a bit too overpowering.
i like them to have a silky feel
it has a pleasant herbal scent but not for $42!
the fragrance sticks around for a while
it has a lemon grass smell to it
for a mask that claims to brighten
it didn't make my skin look glowy or radiant.
the rubbery texture was something very interesting
the appearance was cool
refreshing on the skin
at the start the warming tingling sensation was amazing
it left a tacky feeling on my face
i ordered moist lover/ hydration lover
first, it smells weird.
it felt so luxurious when i put it on
2 stars because the smell is light and lovely.
i also liked the texture.
it sounded nice "the water cream"
made my cheeks bright red/ sensitive
why they put a cologne smelling scent in this?
it leaves a nice cooling sensation when applied.
i love the texture
this product dispenses weird.
the oil is blend
this product has a very distinct, pine scent.
they have a literal dark purple hue.
i love the silky texture
the texture is silky and easy to apply.
no colors or perfumes
there is no scent to this
it felt very silky
good texture and smells fresh.
had such a nice glow
it has no scent
loved the smell of the cleanser.
it was like glitter
seems to be the cool girl ecoconscious alternative to more natural products
coupled with the issue of this product not being as vibrantly green as on the sephora website
this cleanser smells kind of weird
my skin looked radiant after i used it
loved the blue metallic color when the light strike
has a very pungent blueberry smell.
i should have known when i smelled the scent
i enjoy the smell
especially with the metallic blue colour.
smell is like old leaves mixed with mint or similar to earthy essential oil
the first thing as soon as i opened it was this overwhelming herbal/musky smell
i got the luxe sample
i actually quite enjoy the aroma.
it soaps up nicely
it feels beautiful while applying
well the ball is swishy
i love the texture of this fun cleanser bouncy bar
i find the smell unpleasant
definitely recommend the yellow mask though!
more like a creamy cleanser where the stock gets gummy
it smells exactly the same as the glamglow glow starter nude moisturizer
i love fresh products
no glow at all.
it does smell like a watermelon jolly rancher
the scent is heavenly.
it has an amazingly fresh watermelon scent to it
it smells like watermelon heaven
i love the glow recipe site
the scent is amazing
give me a bright pink pimple on my cheek
does not make me glow.
just smells like watermelon jolly ranchers.
i normally like what the glow recipe team delivers
this smelled more like acid to me than blueberries
it smells/has the consistency of that
first the smell is weird
it has a bit of a smell to it
it smells like spicy sausage or onions
peppers with a hint of orange
it litteraly smells like sausage.
this just smelled like a strange cleaning product
or something awkward smelling
it is very perfumey
it looked really beautiful in the jar
it has a glossy texture
it also had a fruity scent i did not enjoy.
it leaves a weird slick
very overwhelming floral scent.
wanted to love this moisturizer as the packaging is beautiful
my skin just glows
it's the perfect face cream.
it's scent is heavenly.
second, the thick, creamy texture is to die for!
i really love the fresh scent of this product.
kind of giving you a more matte complexion
although the packaging is gorgeous
no glow at all
did not deliver the glow i wanted instead i think the glow this product promises is more like an oily dew not a healthy glow
and it oddly smells like nair.
it's got natural citrus aha's
it has a strong scent
the packaging is luxurious
the mask is a lovely lavender colour with a very subtle
i love that it is purple
leave you with glowing skin after use
lasting glow with continued use
the packaging is beautiful
however, this is a more gentle texture.
my skin looked pretty luminous
my foundation colour usually includes the word "caramel"
i loved the way this skin tint felt on my skin: silky
i would definitely recommend this skin tint
the color light is too pink
out of the bottle it looked quite yellow
this made my skin glow
the smell is light
not the earthy/spice i anticipated from the turmeric
as the product claims to help with textured skin
gave my skin radiance upon application
it has a strong fragrance that smells like my gr
it's highly scented to me
i loved the texture
this is a really soothing fragrance
while my skin was creepily soft it also broke me out
most serums are all natural filled with wonderful oils
to immediately be hit with a strong perfume scent
the smell was pleasant
the scent is a nice scent
it will make your skin glow.
my skin felt tacky for a bit
it also smells faintly of vinegar.
product gave a little tingle
the only upside to this product is my skin does look more radiant
i really liked the thick texture
i really liked the creamy texture
the orange scent it has is too artificial smelling for me
the smell is just heavenly
the sweet smell of nurture me
- the scent is overpoweringly sweet
if you are not a fan of sweet scents
while it smells divine
i think it smells like orange creamsicle.
the problem is the scent.
the smell is pleasant but a bit over powering.
my skin would literally be glowing
the texture was fine
it smelled very strong...a creamscicle.
colors into this formula
the smell isn't nearly as pleasant as the red tea cleanser
at which point i knew it was time to say goodbye to this delicious smelling cleanser :
leaves me silky smooth
i like the smell
this cleanser has a strange consistency.
it has a "gooey" texture
i gave this two stars only for its brightening qualities
the smell was overpowering
the scent is a little strong.
the scent and texture is amazing.
had an almost watery weightless feel to it
gave it a glowing look
or smooth out the texture
the smell wasnt pleasant at all
matte powder i was shiny
didn't boost my skin's radiance at all.
i felt this stinging sensation
with so many other lovely serums out there
which i think is green tea?
it smells like artificial orange sweetener.
make my skin smell like oranges
i love anything with any green tea
natural moisturizer that smells generally inoffensive
they make my skin glow and feel so dewy.
the smell was unappealing for a cream
the smell was strange
it does have that hint of cucumbers
i enjoy the light natural smell
this is a lovely smelling cream
it smells like eggs
please change the scent.
the scent of my new jar is almost unbearable to me
it was almost like a tea tree oil smell
the scent was overwhelming
it gives me a youthful glow.
the color was like a dark yellow
i love the texture
the unpleasant fragrance of the moisturizer is very overwhelming to me
the fragrance of this is too floral
for that reason i will continue my search for the magical moisturizer
it smells like an orange
it smells like stink.
it's like smelling bleach mixed with s emen
lovely way to start your day.
the smell of this product :
i remember it being a richer silkier cream.
the luxurious creamy feel it had before was not there this time
this gives me a whipped and fake texture.
it has a strong scent that smells gross
the fragrance was a bit irritating
the smell lingers for hours blah
doesn't mind strong scents that linger
however, the scent (lavender maybe?)
it isn't runny, but not too creamy either.
it doesn't have a pleasant scent
i still have a very shiny tzone
weirdly enough seemed to make my skintone more uneven
on the smile lines
the dark circle is absolutely lighter.
the texture of my skin
awesome cucumber spa like smell
its fresh and has the unique lotus smell.
i liked the texture
i love the scent of it.
i loved the smell and texture of the creme.
it feels like a milky gel
this cleanser is indeed gentle
the texture is milky
this product has a nice creamy feel on the face
has a nice, light floraly/herbaly fragrance.
the consistency was liquidy
not creamy like it usually is
i loved the gentle cleaning milk
old formulation removed my mascara beautifully
it was lovely--"what i'd take to a desert isl
this new formula has a funny smell.
didn't have this with the gentle cleaner product
i've used the gentle cleaner and loved it.
it has an odor to it
caudalie please bring back the original gentle cleanser
specifically the funky smell
this new version leaves a weird greasy film on my skin
new one smells odd
switched to a mud to foam cleanser from glam glow
it's really silky feeling going on
smoothness under my eyes
a lovely green tea scent
this gel cream has a very silky
blue vessels shining through
i wanted an eye cream that would brighten
my eyes felt silky but looked a little dry.
and it leaves the undereye area looking shiny.
the smell is overwhelming
it has a strong scent that smells artificial.
the scent is pretty strong, smells like roses.
which smells like oranges
i like the smell of roses
i would rather be dewy than matte.
i like the light floral scent
not in a youthful taut way
it claims to be gentle
it did not smell pleasant either
shiny after i used it
one thing that i don't like about this is that it's fragrant
slightly fragrance combined to make just a weird scent
everyday cleanser with a pleasant smell
it's not sweet like other philosophy products
it has a terrible bitter taste like dish soap
it smells just like my boxed hair color.
the smell is horrid
it produces a gentle foam
it's gentle on my skin
it was gentle with those
it says it is soothing
the smell is not very cool since it's unscented
the smell is a weird smell.. like an old cupcake.
look shiny after application
makes my skin super shiny and super taut.
besides the funky odor
it just smelled weird
soothing on my skin
an overall pink undertone to my skin
my skin flushed bright red within moments of application
while the ingredients in this light eye cream sound good
tingles nicely when first applied.
this eye cream goes on nicely
it smelled seriously funky
it leaves an unnatural sheen behind
though the tint provides a little lightening effect
i love the idea of natural ingredients
it also smells ashy
ascetic wise it was a large bar with a dry appearance
pros: it is gentle on the skin
it is gentle and smells lovely.
smells like straight tofu.
it was a thicker milky consistency which i liked
loved the fresh cucumber scent
this wash i found to have a nice smell
but it smells like cilantro.
it smells really strong like toasted soy beans
freshly squeezed green juice
usually use lush dark angels or herbalism
love my fresh rose mask
there is a really eye watering strong scent of wintergreen mint to this
this creamy face wash feels so good on the skin!
i love the subtle scent
first i have to say i love the light fresh smell.
all i had been wearing was tinted moisturizer
smells kind of like cilantro too
it feels silk to the touch
my skin was still tacky
while the smell was lovely
it also smells odd.
my skin was so textured
the smell is delicious
the result was a nice matte supple face
like orange creamsicle and spreads nicely.
nice glow however the ingredients are no good
shiny during the day
the glow was nice though!
it leaves it feel tacky
i would say this is definitely more matte than glow
the scent, while pleasant, is very strong.
i love the smell of all glam glow stuff
it smelled so strong like i put scented body lotion all over my face
it does smell delicious
it smells delicious though.
smells strong like lemon sherbet which idk if that's a good or bad thing
i don't mind the scent
like i leave the house matte
it leaves my skin feeling tacky
gave me a slight glow
it does beautifully brighten the complexion
no difference in dark spots or radiance
smell is not pleasant
this explains the softness/calmness
it also smells like the water in a vase after you take out dead flowers
or for radiance overall
this serum has a lovely texture
le a very gritty exfoliator
it was very gritty and not "gentle" at all!
they turned bright red
my skin feels refreshing
rich, depuffing, smelled like roses!
not to mention, it's olive scent is horrible.
my search continues for the perfect dark circle eye cream
right underneath my eyes it turned bright red
its pretty rich + luxurious
the tube says it "brightens
my skin does not look more radiant or smooth.
smells like baby powder almost.
i usually use a radiance primer
because the glow/radiance comes mainly in the form of shine
smells like a very intense baby powder.
my face is dewy
it gives alot glow
it gives you a luminous finish
radiant when i step off the plane
does give you a subtle glow
it's got a perfumey, really heavy fragrance.
i love the smell and feel of this balm.
the smell also isn't very pleasant.
the formula is very milky
and it smells like a little boy's cologne.
my face looks shiny
i like the smell :
perfect for my oily/combo skin
the smell is unbearable the consistence is too thick to blend on my face
it has an intense scent
tea tree oil has a strong herbal smell
i hate products that initally feel silky
it would be the pores no more--fabulous pore "filler"
is a very gooey consistency
i like the scent
it smelled like weird chemicals
i think the scent of the sleeping facial is pleasant
i found the scent to be nauseating
the gel created a tingle
for the money i was expecting a more silky feel.
it smells like baby powder
turned my skin bright red
it has a weird powdery smell
this cream is way to rich
the daytime version smells pretty
it smells like raw potatoes.
the scent is mild
this product has a noctural scent
it's a thick cream that make me look shiny
flaky underneath with this layer of creamy shine sitting on top :
i like the smell
this is very creamy
it smells about as delicious as a bottle of cheap off br
leaves skin looking shiny
didn't make my skin glow like origins or philosophy
it has a waxy texture i'm not fond of
the orange scent wasn't too strong to me
it smells citrusy at first
it smells like an orange air freshener mixed with dirty motel smell
use powder to control the shine
the smell is strange
to me it smells like a mix between oranges
it's a little too sweet
fragrant for my taste
when first applied it looks shiny
it has a citrus scent that is not offensive.
it smells like a slightly-medicinal creamsicle
the scent became distracting
because i loved the orange smell
which is citrusy in a chemical way
the smell was energizing
it is scentless, the sample smelled great.
texture were pleasant enough
also, the texture is not as creamy as i like.
the balm is creamy
it does smell super strong of lavender
you really have to love lavender...
no fireworks or tingling
i love the lavender scent
there was an incredibly overwhelming smell of lavender
the texture is weird
this is a good calming mask.
"berries" sounded very attractive
this enzyme mask is very heavily scented of lavender
it also has a very overpowering lavender scent
my skin felt like silk
it is very creamy
lovely thick eye cream
i found it not creamy at all
i love the smooth texture.
this one is creamy.
mpressed with this product- not as creamy
silky as i thought it would be nor absorbing
you think hydrating & creamy.
it smells like an old woman's cheap perfume.
has an odd smell
i fail to see a longed-for plumpness
moisturized glow in the morning
was very liquid-y rather than creamy
i adore the sleeping facial
the smell is kind of strange.
gave my skin a weird feeling and left a residue
i smelled like sour milk/yogurt because of it
peels in a weird way
i prefer the rose scented one as it has brightening effects
both the scents aren't that strong
the texture is a little odd
it's thick, creamy and absorbs slowly.
it is very creamy
it is outrageous that an upscale br
it reminds me of a sticky lipgloss
it's the opposite of creamy
lip cream for it's gentleness on the skin
i wanted a an eye cream that would blend easy
the texture is not very creamy, but it is thick.
it was a rather dark beige.
turned out the tester was also beige in color
it is a luxurious feeling cream.
it leaves my face too shiny
i like that its a matte finish
there was nothing distinctive about this cream.
brighten the eye area
the cream is a nice texture
this creamy/foamy cleanser is not the best for my skin
after 2 splashes i can still feel the creaminess on my skin… after 4th then that's when my skin feels "squeaky" clean
it seems like the astringent properties in the cream only emphasizes my lines
i like this product it brighten my eyes
warmed on skin it emits a chemically smell
i love how cute it looks in the pale yellow color
horrible horrible scent for a non-scented product
it's a nice mask with a pleasant rose scent.
it glides nicely on your face.
it looks freshly made.
the two stars is a personal dislike for chunky masks
need to relax with a glass of wine
i like the smell of this product.
it's an olfactory assault with rose petals
pieces of rose petal in it are so gross to me
i love the way this mask smells!
mask with rose petal pulp that smells just like roses
the fact that it has real rose petals
you can actually see the rose petal pieces in the mask
this has a nice gentle scent
after using it i found it gave me a bit of a glow
it doesn't have that powdery synthetic rose scent which i appreciate
it's smells more like fresh cute roses.
three stars for the scent
refreshing feeling on the skin
other than smelling good
it makes me very shiny and it stings my eyes.
after a particularly sunny day my face was roasted red
on the bright side
i wasnt out in the sun
the perfume scent is very strong
it is a nice, light lotion though.
its improved the texture and tome of my skin.
the scent took me some time to warm to
the search for perfect spf eye cream continues
it's very creamy and whitish.
i like the creamy texture
though it felt creamy in the application
the product is creamy
the scent is disgusting
it smells really nice, subtle and fresh.
product itself is really gentle and foamy.
it's a very gentle cleanser
i like the smell and the gentleness.
smells great and very gentle on my skin.
i loved its texture
it smells like oil
her face is gorgeous because of this 3 step stuff
product smells vaguely like ginger
has the consistency of a light tinted moisturizer
it is a tinted primer
works for lighter-skinned people
not darker-skinned people
it smells a bit like pine-sol
the product smells earthy
it's a weird oily texture
has a weird chemical smell
it smells like tea tree oil
the menthol smell is overpowering
this product leaves my combination skin a beautiful velvet texture
i live in a tropical
the color of the formula turned my very fair skin orange
gives your face an instant glow
it felt pleasant on my skin
the scent is too strong for my taste
the bottle looks so luxurious.
the fragrance of the cleanser is nice
it's a great milky cleanser
t's way too creamy for me
like the rose fragrance4.
far from floral scent to it
it had a nice texture and smelled gorgeous.
my skin started to look dull
it does make my skin look a little more luminous
it has a powdery rose scent that i don't hate
this was overpowering near my eyes
not lovely like the sleeping facial
this has a funky rose smell
it kind of smells like chemicals
i love the smell of rose
the overpowering floral perfume made me feel ill every time i used it
my face feels tacky while wearing it
the smell is pleasant
the smell is a little strong for my tastes
has a light texture with a light pleasant fragrance
i like the texture of this cream
the fragrant ingredients irritated my skin
am a fair skinned black female
made my tinted moisturizer go on funny
it feels like the smashbox primers...very silky.
the "flat acne" description was tempting
i like the texture of this product
the scent is lovely and so is the texture.
it doesn't plump or brighten
i think it smells really luxurious
the strong perfumed scent gave me a headache after a while
it makes my skin color fade
normally i have a bright hue to my skintone
my skin color looked faded
feels more like an astringent than soothing
leaves my skin silky smooth once i'm finished
this product is milky
the scent was overwhelming
it smells kind of perfumy.
the white lucent set
it had a white shimmer look which i think is from the spf
it's a very thick cream.
though this cream has a luxurious feel to it when you put it on
i liked the thick texture
it's a very thick cream
the fragrance is not overwhelming
thought the smell was too powdery
it smelled like old lady perfume to me
the consistency was also a bit watery feeling
love the smell and texture.
i also like the texture
is as a decorative piece for my vanity
the crepe-iness under my eyes has definitely faded
it was too perfumed
turned it bright red
my face still looked shiny
beautiful glass bottle and smooth product.
this cream is gentle
left my face smelling like a gr
i think i should stick with white lucent line.
foams up so luxuriously
which to me made my skin feel crunchy--
has a light pretty scent
this cleanser feels great as it is creamy
after reading such incredible reviews i thought the shiseido white lucent brightening cleansing foam was going to be the miracle solution
though my skin has become more radiant
has a rich texture that lathers nicely
it leaves your skin looking radiant
i know this white lucent line works wonderfully on a friend of mine
i love other shiseido white lucent products though
it made me look like a yellow tangerine!!
the smell is not pleasant also.
always used the pureness line
this moisturizer has a yellowish tint to it
like the night emulision from the white lucent line
it's like putting on a tinted moisturizer.
i give it 2 stars because it does leave a nice shimmery effect on your skin
it has sun protection
this product does give you a glow
becomes bubbly no matter what i do
i would like to see clinique create a undeye cream that brightened
this eye cream is very watery
it was very creamy
this cleanser smells nice
liked that it was gentle
if you like a heavy lavender scent
the cleanser itself smells a bit odd
/or want something gentle for the morning
it had nice clean smell of cypress
i really dislike that it contains fragrant oils
while the scent of lavendar might be calming
i liked that it was gentle
it's in a milky form
this cleanser is creamy
it was a creamy color instead of the white it usually is
while it is gentle
was the very nice creamy feel of it
i will say that it has a lovely clean scent
it made my acne flair up
love the gel texture
it could be refreshing
it still makes my eyes water from the aroma
the color is more yellow
it does not feel as creamy
the scent is very subtle
agree with all the glowing reviews: this cream is lovely
feels lovely on the skin
but the preservatives in it are not lovely.
the cream is absorbed well and smells pleasant.
my skin does look brighter
goes on smooth & creamy.
it makes me red
this mask goes on creamy and dries tight.
it is gentle, but almost too gentle.
it reminds me of cheap vodka
it also has a faint fishy odor.
it felt tacky on my skin
instead of feeling slightly gritty
you get this really strong whiff of chemicals
it keeps my face smooth and glowing.
my skin was radiant
the texture is smooth
if you taste it accidentally it is a little citrusy
seams to me as old cream or not enough fresh scent
undereye circles looked darker
actually made my eyes look gritty
i ended up exchanging it for the fresh lotus youth preserve moisturizer
it also smells like old cucumbers to me.
it has a pretty distinctive scent
i love fresh products
shiny as ever, what's new.
on top of that the smell is a little like potpourri
plus smell is way too cucumber ish for my taste.
i really enjoyed the scent of this moisturizer
the cucumber scent was nice at first
odd since this is supposed to be a calming moisturizer
made it turn a dull color
i like the matte finish
is easy to apply with no unpleasant textures or odors
5 for giorgio armani silk foundation).
it turned slightly pink
this product does give you a slight glow
feels lovely on the skin
i liked the texture
not greasy or heavy and has pleasant odor.
this has a bit of a bitter smell
the color is darker
this soap bar does also have a strange smell.
lasts a long time in the dish
it's a nice gentle cleanser
i'll be going back to my glam glow super cleanse
while the product was refreshing
i still looked hideous.
have a mellow cooling on application
my skin was back to beautiful in 3 days
it has a pleasant smell
this is a nice gentle cleanser
my skin looks dull
the cream is a light shade of green
never minded their strong scents
the best eye cream ever had been the shiseido white lucent brightening eye cream
gentle milk cleanser is amazing
giving it a baby glow
it has a nice orange smell
the texture is weird
it has quite a strong orange/citrus fragrance
weird texture, dripping all over my shirt.
i put on my delicious-smelling hydrating glam glow mask instead
the smell is a mix between citrus orange
color remind me of a weird tamarind
it smells like oranges which is nice
the texture is fine
it does brighten the skin
this cream has a nice texture
bright in the morning
is definitely gentle on the delicate skin around the eyes
it has a nice texture goes on smooth no smell
the sun is beaming on my face
has a purple tint to disguise your dark circles
i bough this eye cream for my very dark circles
the cream has a nice texture
it does instantly brighten
had a lovely scent to it
the smell was fine
your eye area looks very shiny
as i mentioned in another review for another white lucent product
another white lucent product believing it would be just as miraculous
smells like fresh-cut flowers
the next day my skin was magenta.
it makes my makeup go on weirdly
with a lovely break out
all i could smell was roses
the rose scent was strong
over powering rose scent- thought it was perfume
the scent is overpowering.
it turned my skin bright red
it was very silky.
very light texture but funny smell.
i found the scent distracting
the smell is unpleasant
i usually like the smell of roses
although i love the texture
ma's smell which made me nauseous
my makeup to look really shiny
the scent of the product is overwhelming.
it's like rotten roses and very overpowering.
silky-would be a great daytime moisturizer
the initial scent is summery
the floral fragrance is strong.
the smells great and feels silky smooth.
тhis was a very pleasant smelling moisturizer.
makes my face shiny.
good moisture and light scent.
not a huge fan of the baby powder smell.
smells like baby powder - yuck!
this made my skin glow after the first use
almost baby-powder like smell
it used to smell kind of like baby powder
had a nice baby powder kind of scent
this stuff smells like baby powder.
made it super red
although rich in texture
it almost has a fishy smell to me.
the texture is strange, almost sticky.
the scent is not very pleasant
behind the nice scent is another unpleasant odor
this product smells like flowers when you smell it from the bottle
the scent is refreshing
shine from my face
scent is very lemony
has a unique blend of ingredients- it however
flowery/powerdery/nonspecific fragrance is overwhelming
it sounds like quality products
my face looking shiny
i like that there's no odor or fragrance
it does have a rose scent
it really lasts all day and is rosemary scented.
strange smell ruins the product for me
it has an off mosquito spray smell that is not pleasant
subtle herb-y fragrance which i actually like.
this moisturizer has made my sensitive skin soooo silky
to me the smell is fine
it's like a really strong chemical odor.
i hate the smell (very herby).
noticed some fragrant essential oils
particularly the tangerine oil
first impression of this is the texture isn'tthat of a gel cream which is what i prefer
while this mask feels refreshing
has an interesting velvety mousse texture i didn't notice any spectacular results
the consistency of the mask is luxurious---i'll give it that
the color of the mask
it smells like pickles
it smells like pickles.
the odor is a little off setting
this moisturizer is thick and has a subtle smell.
the texture was smooth.
another reviewer says it smells like pickle juice
this cream smells lovely, but it is very heavy.
which i found overpowering
it smells lovely, though.
it makes my face look shiny
wanted to pick out something luxurious
a very faint scent of fresh dill
purchased the "honey" mask by fresh today
the scent is pleasant
their perfumes are awesome and natural smelling.
it is a great creamy moisturizer that feels sooo good
the texture of the mask is super unique.
i did enjoy the black tea scent though.
the cucumber scent is also a plus
the texture is odd
like whipped gritty apple sauce fluff or something
it smells like some serious cucumber.
so this mask has a weird whipped texture
it smells like cucumber
the texture it a bit odd to me.
velvety texture that is very different
pros:-lathers up well-pleasant scent-great at removing makeup-strips skin of oils
it has a soft pleasant smell
cons: very strong chemical/old lady fragrance
removes makeup like a charm.
the product smells strong of alcohol
it does not have a luxurious feel.
it does look lovely on my vanity.
paired with a night cream
my skin also looks dull.
it works like a peal
the texture is tooooo liquidy.
it also looks dull.
still makes skin really shiny
it left me looking shiny/greasy
the texture of this cream is very thick
my skin looks very shiny
it does leave the face matte, but a gray sheen(?)
it wasnt as creamy as i needed.
it's got quite a synthetic tang going on
it has a slight astringent smell
now this one feels grainy too
this product made my skin tingle
this cleanser smells like flowers in a gasoline-like intensity
it is somewhat drying and has a strange smells.
the scent was unpleasant.
except the heavy scent
the smell is positively delightful.
the smell is way to flowery
lingering woodsy musty smell that stayed on my face the entire day
i much prefer a clean or fruity smell vs
the smell is a little weird
i loved how thick
my skin is still glossy
the smell is nauseating
if the smell were more fragrant or did not smell at all
the smell is neutral and feels luxurious.
i liked that this cleanser is creamy
i loved the old gentle foaming cleanser
this product was pleasant
the smell is also overpowering.
this has a lovely scent and goes on very smooth.
the texture is too thick and rich.
instead of their usual shade of gray
it also smells like citric fruits.
the smell is different
otherwise, the texture is fine.
i suspect the heavy lavender fragrance is the culprit
the smell is not pleasant
at first it smells fresh
it smells like chemicals
she assured me i'd love the citrusy smell
everybody hates that after tan smell
i would get bright red patches
this is such a beautiful moisturizer
smells lovely and left my skin feeling amazing.
it also leaves my skin looking shiny
nice light moisturizer with a clean fresh scent.
it really is gentle and soothing.
i swear it made my skin glow
it has a pleasant scent
this cleanser smelled fresh
it was gentle on my skin.
it was a lot like dawn dish soap.
the ddc has a fresh scent
the twist-top seemed cool
while this cleanser is gentle
dish liquid with a citrus smell
smells like bad citrus
smell to it like the dish soap
strange smell to this lotion
leaves your skin feeling airy
this smells like old musty, wet clothes.
smelled somewhat like household cleaner
left my face super shiny
it smells like window cleaner
the smell used to be lovely
now its faintly chemically
it smelled like expired lanolin or rancid crisco if you're familiar with either of those scents
it smells like chemicals
it reminded me of the smell of boxed hair color.
in the blueish bottle
consistency is more watery
the cute white cream make me feel very natural
this smells like a piña colada.
it has a pleasant scent
i'll stick to origin's "three part harmony".
goes on well and feels silky.
it has a nice silky texture and thats about it.
has a nice dewey texture when applied
i've yet to experience a "moisture-locking treatment" or a "luminous glow
i will see some of this signature radiance on myself
smells nice and fruity, but not for oily skin.
of coarse the skin is going to feel like silk
the cleanser works splendidly in the spring to fall months
a heavy perfume like scent
now i smell like a fragrance department store
it's one of the better smelling oils i've used.
smells like a perfume a much older woman would wear
it smells like strong perfume coming out of the bottle
it has the signature amorepacific scent which can be overwhelming
it has beautiful packaging
the perfume smell is a bit strong
it does have a strong scent.
it smells like a scented maxi pad
the scent is so strong.
it smells like an old, stale perfume.
the fragrance is strong
the scent is heavenly
the smell is somewhat nice
the light scent covers up the awful retinol smell
tacky/sticky to the touch
my skin tends to be dull/lacking radiance.
firmness or lightening of dark spots
i don't really see a difference or a glow
a little bit of luminosity when i used this product
i liked the scent- it was sort of citrus-y.
i don't like the new texture
-the smell is very herbal almost fishy
it does give my skin a nice glow
has a distinct fishy smell
and smelled the fragrance was too strong.
the ingredients are intriguing
i felt confident by morning my skin would be glowing as radiant
even if it smelled like heaven
my skin looked more radiant
it does have a perfumey smell
it's kind of like a strong shampoo smell.
not necessarily the scent/oiliness
it felt creamy going on my skin
this cream feels so silky on, like a primer.
i don't want my face smelling like an old lady
the fragrance is a bit strong
it smells like old lady perfume, yuck!
it has a stinky perfume
but beware of the scent!
and the scent is so strong!
if you enjoy really thick textures
it has a pleasant mild scent
this cream goes on beautifully
the silky texture melts right into the skin
the very light citrus scent is a pleasant bonus.
it still has a hint of fish scent
i also schmear a nice smelling cream
was giving off a weird odor
to me it smells like the wood of popsicle sticks
it is fishy and metallic.
i find it to be a sour/yeasty smell.
i can't get past the strong fishy smell
it has a fishy smell.
make it more pleasant
make is smell somewhat pleasant
it smells like rotten meat.
and it smells weird, kind of chemically.
my complexion is so radiant
the smell is unbearable
to me the smell was nauseating
wake up with glow skin
finally a moisturizer that has no "shininess"
leave that slight shiny gleam
it has not lighted my dark spots from old acne scares
have always loved the clean scent
how gentle it is
luckily the toner i use has a strong good smelling scent
made my skin glow
to me, it smelled like some weird kind of rubber.
i like warming sensation the cinnamon in it had though
i like the tingle it gives
it has a suddle sparkle to it which i think is meant to brighten your dark circles
the smell is unsettling
it also leaves my skin tacky
the sulfur smell is a bit overwhelming
it has a bit of a harsh smell
leaves my face very shiny
made me super shiny
like others have said it's very creamy
difference in the texture of my skin
i don't have the "glow" that i was hoping to see.
for me it was too creamy & greasy.
aside from the wonderful tell-tale shiseido fresh-cut flower scent
it felt velvety on my skin
has a neutral smell -so no strong perfumes
shiny after a couple of hours
it instantly gave me a matte face
i would love to gush about the wonderful mattifying properties
there is also a peppery scent to the product.
it leaves my skin shiny
the cream is silky and does go a long way.
it has a greasy texture
i don't like the scent
it doesn't smell like green tea
the first week this product made my skin glow
it removed my makeup beautifully
the texture was cool
i liked the texture
to combat my natural oiliness
seemed like a perfect daytime moisturizer.
it didn't become crackly
leaves the area sort of shiny
it smells lovely though.
this product is refreshing.
this product is refreshing.
the cool metal ball is soothing to the eyes
the rollerball is cool
the rollerball is cool
refreshing in the morning
as a personal preference i simply prefer less flowery scents
subtly lifted around my jawline
serum feels silky smooth on face
this cream smells amazing
i love the texture
a bit strong on the fragrance
to be honest it made my smashbox bb cream look cakey
is extremely creamy in texture
it also smells fresh and clean.
this eye cream has a nice texture
it has a weird astringent feeling that slightly burns when i apply it
give a rested radiant look
this product felt more like jello pudding than it did like a luxurious sorbet
not to fond of the smell
strong smelling product on my face
the scent sticks around
bright right after using it
it smelled of raw meat
the way it smells
this just smells rancid
it's really a fishy smell
this smells like pungent wet dog to me.
am accustomed to the fishy smell
the smell also lingers
the smell makes me queasy
for me scent is importat
the eye cream smells fishy
my face looks shiny all day
i found the consistency you similar to sun screen
makes my face very shiny
i still do like the creaminess of this fab moisturizer
it leaves my face shiny
makes me all teary-eyed
will continue my shine free matte look search
super gentle cleanser that definitely gentle
reminds me a little of the glam glow face wash.
it's not unpleasant but the glam glow is better.
while it is soothing
i like the creamy consistency
which i think comes form the willow bark
i love the texture
i loved the texture and the smell.
just thought it might be calming/soothing
i liked the scent
has a very pleasant smell
it smells kind of like cucumber mixed with chemicals
luxurious texture when you first put it on
has a nice light scent.
blackheads or leaves your skin looking luminous
in fact instead of illuminated
on the bright side though
it smells like fruity pebbles cereal
it smells like awful, orange medicine.
i loved the scent
it's very citrusy - like an orange creamsickle.
great scent, like sugary citrusy.
has a distinctly unpleasant chemical odor as well
too shiny for me
the texture is kinda strange
i loved the citrus scent
has a very strong lingering citrus smell
my face was so shiny
the smell is fine
i looked like a doll with too much oil glow
the scent is fabulous
i love the fresh line
i believed in the romantic way this creme is produced
my under eye skin looked luminous
my skin feels positively like an oil slick
the cream is rich, with a light scent.
my skin was bright red
the cream did go on like silk
this creamy cleanser might be for you
it kind of defeated the purpose of a gentle cleanser
the cleansing milk smells nice
pro: i love how it is milky
too fragrant for dry
the fragrance is overwhelming to me
this cream feels light
the texture of this cream is nice and rich.
the scent is orange/cream, not my favorite.
it is very fragrant
it also doesn't have a pleasant smell.
it had a very odd odor
it feels quite luxurious
it also smells really "perfumey"
the jar is really beautiful on my vanity
it glides on smooth
the eye cream had a lovely mild scent
this soap is very luxurious
i like the smell
i like the texture
this potion i stalked because it looked cool
it made my skin weirdly sticky
jart luminous primer because i actually can see it working for my skin
not to mention my face smelling like lemon pledge
i enjoyed the lightweight texture
i do love the lemon scent in this
but it leaves me so shiny.
it smells divine and is extremely relaxing.
this oil is soothing
very strong patchouli scent.
has a very heavy patchouli scent.
patchouli is a bit strong.
light light touch with the product
this would be perfect if it didnt come with the white residue
it has a more pleasant smell
i like the smell
this product smells light
fresh lotus cream with no problems
it didn't feel calming or soothing.
it also smells disgusting
i like the scent
greasy for my liking
was a great sun screen
the smell or texture
once it absorbed my face felt velvety smooth
my face began to turn bright red
like the coolness of this under eye gel.
it also smells weird
maybe that is the "bright" part
leaves a little bit of shine
the product glides on nicely
cooling sensation to the eye area that is soothing
brighten the eye area
it's perfect for my oily skin
mpractical using a moisturizer with glitter/sparkles/flecks in it
also, it gives me an unflattering shine.
less shine for this winter season
the smell is unpleasant and way too overpowering.
i smell it all day
the reason why i give only two stars is that the scent is pleasant
too floral for my taste
the makeup didn't blend well
it is definitely luxurious
layered on color corrector
the slight gold tint lights up my eyes
the texture is creamy
the smell of the product
i liked the shimmer of the product
it also has not helped with purple circles.
it leaves my eye with a weird texture
the radiance effect is helped by the shimmery stuff they put in the cream
i love the texture
it had a slight metallic scent as well.
the scent of this stuff is like cheap men's cologne
the smell haunted me!
the only redeeming quality was that the scent is pleasant
i like the texture and consistency.
although it is fragrant i still love its long-lasting moisture
the smell is suffocating.
this is a cheap smelling perfume in a form of a creme
light however the scent is too perfumey for me
i don't mind the scent
it moisturizes well, but is too fragrant.
this is heavily perfumed
my face was less red it was even a dewy
i tried a sample of amore pacific's rejuvenating creme
your skin feels like it's glowing
i notice my skin was luminous
the smell of nasty old lady perfume hit me
envy people with small pores
made my skin shiny
this product feels very velvety on my skin
in addition, the product smells vile.
my face turned bright red
this stuff made my skin bright red and tight!
kinda gave me that halo glow celebrities try to achieve with lighting
it made my skin have an oil slick like shine
smells funky too - and not in a good way.
it's not the same level of moisture or creamy texture
the only thing i liked about this cream was that it did give my skin a more youthful glow
i love the smell and texture.
smells like regular sun screen
it almost felt like a creamy liquid soap.
i like how it is creamy
i absolutely love how creamy
this is a fine eye cream
the first jar was smooth and creamy.
or genius face cream
reminds me of the flayed women fairytale.
i don't use a creamy or greasy eye cream over it because it negates the effects for me
dark circles are darker.
blend in with makeup
my face was shiny
i really like how silky this product is.
it seemed to be a white-ish tinted cream that just kind of went over the pores
they were the same size just kind of a lighter tint
it has a lot of added fragrance
i can taste the product the scent is so potent.
it looked like a tinge of darker yellow was floating in the middle of the lighter yellow in the bottle
it has a strong sugary citrus smell
had a super sugary smell
it tastes so disgusting
i typically am a scent girl
love strong scented things
clean cucumber crisp fragrant2
i get the horrible bitter taste of the lotion
it has this refreshing, green-tea type of scent.
i did not see any radiant improvement on my skin tho
the bottle is adorable
didn't smell like perfume
the smell is overpowering
the fragrance was overpowering
this emulsion smelled nice
the packaging was lovely
it has a pleasant smell.
it would make my skin look shiny
also i do not like the "beachy" fragrance.
i wish it had a tiny hint of glimmer to make your face look polished
the packaging is adorable
the color was darker
the packaging is beautiful
it smells fishy to me.
it had a yellowish tint
left skin feeling shiny
i am very pale
it smells like sour milk
it smells like spoiled milk.
did provide a soothing sensation
brightens the skin around my eyes
the smell is fine
it was a sulphur-type scent
like a faint rotten egg smell
personally it seems to have an acidy/acidic scent to the cream
plus it has that plasticy citrus smell that the other ren radiance products have
i wish it were a tad more creamy.
it's a gentle polish without sharp edges.
it has a pleasant smell
smells a little like pineapples
smells lightly like pineapples
it is very thick and creamy.
i loved how it brightened my skin
it makes my skin more radiant
it has a strong citrus scent which i like
very strong grapefruit fragrance.
my skin doesn't feel radiant
this product is radiance
however the radiance perfection makes my skin oily looking
it had the distinctive smell of sunblock
bought this hoping to love the thick consistency
my eyes turn fiery red
i liked the texture
it's a shame because i loved the texture-- i'd warm/melt a bit between my fingers
this eye creme is so thick and rich.
feels smooth calming at first
it's not creamy or thick
super bright eyed cream was out of stock
and the scent just isn't pleasant.
gentle it isn't on my face.
went back to my favorite ren ultra calming cleanser that has more creamy than this
maybe it contained magical serums
not gentle at all
silky like my old one was
i think it smells fine.
it was also a bit pink
doesn't have an appealing texture
it has a nice rich texture
made it a bright scarlet
did make my face bright
it smells so relaxing
this stuff stinks like oriental spices or cigarettes
smells like old tortillas
smells like cigarettes and leaves a greasy film.
it was quite oily/gritty
texture was weird, and looks like sewage slim.
the product smelled really pleasant
it smells like seaweed.
i know it says it smells like orange blossoms
i just accepted the earthy feel
the texture is also unique
they say the scent is supposed to be orange blossom
the smell is overwhelming
pros: i like the texture of this product.
it's so creamy it's almost slippery.
the eyes cream is nothing special
had a fresh grassy scent
silky-feeling like other algenist creams
although cream is light
it smells like something burning
this cream has a pleasant smell
also the smell is weird.
it is way too perfumey
leaves my skin bright
the scent was super strong
the overwhelming perfume scent of the product was too much for me
leaves it feeling dewy in the morning
this got a terrible plastic musty smell
it moisturizes well and has a nice, light scent.
it's a fruity chemical smell i don't like.
it had a strong scent
i do find that the perfume smell is strong
it's just too fragrant for me to feel comfortable using it
scent is nice and refreshing.
it does smell pleasant
one being the zesty scent
i love the radiance that comes with it
leaves me looking cakey
the packaging is cute
it was very pearlescent
to me the eye cream is too pearlescent
i honestly think it looks like it lightens your eyes because its a pearly pink color
although it doesnt have a strong scent
it left my eyes feeling soft and subtly radiant.
the eye cream reminds me of the scent of clay
ingredients seem to instantly brighten under my eyes
the color is almost like a foundation bur very sheer
it may be a combination of the ingredients or because of the "iridescent" tint to the cream
the cream has a light peach tint to it which appears to be how they cover up the under-eye circles
a nice brightening eye cream.
it has a nice citrus scent to pep up your senses
i didn't like the refreshing eye cream because of the pasty feeling
wasn't worth having uneven textured skin
it leaves a weird residue
it had a really strong floral scent
it has a fairly pleasant smell
this has an awesome creamy texture
i love the smell — it's sort of like mint ice cream
is a bar of zest soap
it smelt like a weird mint flavour
the gel went on beautifully
this moisturizer smelled good
this cream is a nice texture
it did impart a glow to my skin
is a strange lemon note
i don't really recommend it if you have a sensitive nose because this cream has a really strong oatmeal scent with a hint of bitter citrus
which leaves false smooth tactile impression on my face
it has an odd smell
it felt refreshing and light.
didn't provide the "luxurious" moisture as described
feels super luxurious when first applied
it smells like citrus
it also smells musty
it smells just like an orange creamsicle
maybe i have an aversion to orange-scented things
the consistency of the cream is lovely.
the smell is heavenly.
my face is quite shiny
fresh youth preserve lotus cream
it has a strong but pleasant fragrance.
love the fresh citrus scent!
loved the way it smelled
i really do not like orange citrus smelling products
it smells like oranges
i think it smells lovely
it does smell lovely,but that's about it.
it has a fresh smell and thick silky feel to it.
it's very fresh smelling
i do like the creamy texture.
the mask glides on nicely
second it left my complexion very ruddy looking
it has a light smell
i do like how creamy it is
it has a nice refreshing scent
this cream is fine
has a refreshing cucumber scent
i like its texture.
this cleanser has a funny smell
it kinda smelled like peppermint pine tree or something weird like that
has a very strong lemon/cleaner smell.
there was no "tingly" or refreshing sensations
the smell of it is so pleasant
it had a scent to it
my face comes out shiny in pictures.
i love the smell of this mask.
the scent of this mask was slightly on the repulsive side
it does smell like apricot heaven, though.
i also like the smell of mint
this moisturizer makes my face really shiny.
it smells like mint.
the smell is like a burst of spearmint leaving my skin fresh
has a wonderful minty scent
bought this with the zero oil astringent.
it smells great but it's super runny.
i like the smell
the mint smells nice
i prefer a creamier product.
that being said this reminds me a of minty version of destin
it smells overpoweringly like foot cream.
the scent is just revolting
the tingling feeling is nice
at first i was captivated by the smoothness of my skin with application
because of the grey tint as others have mentioned
there is very obvious shimmer in the black gel
would leave my face shiny
plus this moisturizer has the grayish tint to it that i never used to
on the bright side
velvety surface for the powder
i find that because it's so creamy
the texture is nice and light.
this smelled so strong of alcohol
it made my skin velvety for a short while
my skin was glowing and felt like velvet.
make it feel like silk
for nighttime moisture it's amazing!
i love the scent
it also smells like paint.
i liked how thick
it leaves my face feeling tacky
the scent is a bit strong.
smells chemically and has a different texture.
works amazing after a glam glow mask
i love charcoal products
my sister's skin looked gorgeous
i just wanted to find a product to make my skin gorgeous
leaves a somewhat shiny look to my face/youthful glow more than what i already naturally have
really does leave my skin feeling silky though
had a faint floral scent
like a faux-citrus air freshener scent that doesn't belong on my skin
my skin looked so radiant and youthful.
it's so rich it feels luxurious on your skin.
this cream feels light
had a rose colored jar
i also love the slightly fruity smell
in terms of skintone evenness
it still left a bit of radiance peeking through.
even though i like the creamy texture of the moisturizer
dries to a demi matte finish
i think this smells lovely
i love the way it smells
that never happens with my glam glow.
i love the lightweight texture
i liked the scent
smelled the scent my first impression was "noxema
the soapy old lady scent is way too strong
the cream is nice and smooth and smells heavenly.
it has a weird odor.
the scent is soapy
i typically enjoy scented products
the scent is too perfumey
while i like the texture
smells too strongly of roses
it would be more pleasant if the fake rose smell was a little more subtle
if you like strong rose perfumed scents this is for you otherwise pass on this
first of all, the smell is so overpowering.
however, the scent was light and amazing.
the smell is really pleasant
give a glow to my skin
it was heavily scented
the scent on this product is overwhelming
i don't mind rose scent if it's subtle
i love scented products
don't be fooled by the creamy texture.
the scent of the roses is absolutely heavenly.
almost instantly the smell of cheap rose perfume became overpowering
it's pleasant on the skin
this product applied nicely- a little tacky
i like the smell of roses
it does have a pleasant smell
although it smells like mildewed roses
to delight my senses with the rosy scent
i love the texture
the smell of roses is overpowering
i liked the scent though..
a very pleasant rosy scent
i love the scent
mine smells like sour roses
gentle, natural ingredients and luxurious smell??
and the scent is overpowering.
the new no 1 cleansing balm by ren is great in terms of smell
leaves my skin feeling very tacky/sticky
nice cream, more like a balm.
i wouldn't call it a luxurious cream
the smell of this is unbearable
could still faintly smell it
luxurious it is not --
there was a citrusy smell at first
it smells like rotten burnt oranges.
it has a strong citrus smell
it smells like body odor.
like spoiled fruit with a lingering scent of rancid food that stays on your h
it smells like rotten oranges, and it lingers.
the smell is... unique.
leaves a pretty shiny/greasy look behind
i like the texture of this.
chemical orange scent that lingered
i love citrus smells
the consistency is very watery
this has an orange-y smell
i love the signature orange vanilla scent of the other products
the smell is pleasant
flaky in the winter
smells like oranges gone bad.
kind of like fruity pebbles
but on my face, that sweet smell became cloying.
shiny instead if dewy
it reminds me of an orange dreamsicle!!
plus it has this weird rotten orange kinda smell
this creme smells a bit like fermented or stale citrus
the texture is divine--this creme just glides right over
it smells similar to orange scented mr. clean.
it made my face glow
says i have "super smell
this stuff makes that smell like fine perfume
only thing that was calming was the smell
i can't smell this product after the first minty whiff
i like the scent of this product
i gave it 2 stars because the scent
it has a nice orange scent
my face starts to get shiny
my face is very shiny
it left my stin tacky.
i found this to be similar to the belif creamy cleansing foam
the product has a very strong perfume smell to it
at first whiff of this online order
this product has a pretty strong minty/menthol scent
it smelled like sour cream-not a pleasant smell
i prefer eye creams that are rich and cushiony.
will leave your skin glowing
it sounds so luxurious
i liked the natural expensive smell though
it's got a nice neroli orange blossom scent
so does a bottle of orange flower water from the afghan market
as for cleansing, this is a luxurious experience.
and my face doesnt look like a shiny mess!
it will give you glowing skin
the smell is a little funky
some have called it luxurious and like olive oil.
making them look shiny
kitchen cupboard is not very pleasant while applying
it has a strong broccoli-like smell.
i dislike the light-colored glass bottle
the oil smells very odd
and, like others, the smell.
smells like olive oil with italian seasoning.
it smells very natural
smelled like pricey olive oil
the first thing i noticed was the peculiar aroma-it sort of smells like wet oak leaves
or evening skin tone
this gave me flaky
pungent smell of rotting who knows what.
skin had a nice glow
i liked the scent
has an unpleasant smell
does have an earthy smell
it does smell like clay
i don't mind different textures
the smell is clean
works like a charm and without the toxic smell.
it has a very strong smell of orange blossom
the color is drab.
it's not a pleasant smell
there is a very light pleasant scent.
this smells like when you burn bell peppers
the cream is rich
i decided to use the repairware to brighten my skin
i stopped using the repairwear uplifting
the other "scents" of this br
it had an unpleasant smell
this stuff smelled fabulously
i don't like the matte finish.
the scent is pleasant
it is thick and creamy and applies easily.
particularly in those lovely lines between my brows
also, less stars because of the musty smell...
the texture of this product drying matte was my favorite
to begin with it smells floral
also has a thick, floral stench.
it has a mild fragrance
i think it is pleasant
i like the pink container
create like gooey gray matter
the cream was too fragrant and thick.
i prefer no perfume smell.
something about the scent
i like the light
it smells very masculine
this cream has a nice light texture
i didn't visually notice a difference in my eyes
refreshing feeling while on my eyes
the smell of it isn't pleasant
it does smell pleasant
paired with my origins eye cream
it didn't even give me a fresh glow
it felt lovely on my face
i would use it in lieu of a "disco nap" to feel a bit perkier
the texture is bumpy
the packaging is so sexy
smells a little strange also.
it is a cream-gel and has a blue tint to it.
it has a strange smell to it
it made my combination skin too shiny
the matte qualities suffered
the dimethicone in it makes your skin feel silky
it's yellow or orange
sun spots never lightened
smoothed pores, smelled great (citrus)!
the cream smells lovely
it was, as another reviewer stated, very waxy.
the smell of it is not divine
milky formula was easy to distri
the texture is creamy and feels hydrating.
fresh smell, light texture.
it sinks in quickly and even smells pleasant.
it smells like an "old lady cheap drugstore perfume"
the oil is great for your décolletage
this is pretty fragrant
maybe a citrus or jasmine smell
my fave felt a burning sensation
it felt so luxurious
has an "old lady" floral scent
it was a little rancid-smelling
the oil itself may be divine
overall their radiance polish is 100x better
smelled vaguely oatmeal like
it was gentle and that's about it.
it smells like some food
a little tart for me
this mask is gentle
it isn't really calming
my face looks like a shiny mirror
i love the sorbet
i liked the yellow tint to it to help with my redness
i like how its light weight with a tint of color
if you're going to tint it
odor of the cream gave me the sense that it was similar to a self-tanner
the scent is light
i didn't like the tint to it
which actually accents my fine lines
there is no magic potion for dark circles
it glides on nicely and is very silky.
this product is tinted
it makes the skin under my eyes look bright
in fact, shimmer seemed to accentuate dark areas.
it made my under eye area very shiny
for the dark circles
it promised a youthful appearance
it is too earthy for my liking.
i prefer a maracuja oil scent
i love the way this oil smells
it feels very luxurious to use
it only give it a little glow
even strangers would gush about how beautiful my skin was
no change in skin brightness or texture.
no brightening or texture benefits
i found it pleasant after that
this is thicker and has more of green tea smell.
it's a lovely texture and has a pleasant scent.
very greasy and unnatural looking on tan skin.
if you are looking to get that luminous
glowing corpse bride look
the fragrance is strong
i do love the creamy consistency
judging from the smell
is the smell -- a very strong "eau de mushroom
reminds me of a great salad
it smells overpoweringly of mushrooms
it has a strong perfume smell
it does not smell like green tea
the packaging is very luxurious
has a strong floral smell
a lightish orange color along with the smell
also the smell is like a weird cold brew coffee mixed with bourbon which is deterring
always liked it's orangey smell
my skin was at least 3 to 4 shades darker.
it gives a little bit of a brightness
i like the smell of it
reminds me of orange juice slathered on my face
it has a potent citrus scent
texture of this cream were nice
at first i was impressed by the velvety texture
on the plus side: this eye cream is pleasant smelling
it does feel velvety
the 'evening primose' eye cream by wild rose was much more soothing to my eyes
i like my eye cream creamier.
in brightening around eyes
i like the texture
the smell is very pleasant
the area stays shiny after application
this cream was brightening
the only thing i don't like is the scent is faintly like ammonia
her skin always felt strangely tingly after using it
to me it has a light pleasant fragrance
it smells a little funky, but that fades.
i feel i am on an eternal quest for the perfect moisturizer
gives me a glow in the morning
i love the citrus smell.
the feel and texture were lovely.
which makes sense as it is very fragrant
love the consistency of this cream
glow that i experienced when using this
it smells delightful though
the scent is too chemically smelling
on the bright side
makes my skin look dewy
the cream definitely smells like oranges
i don't like the richness of it
somewhat resembles the smell of fresh thatch
this thing smells like chemicals.
i'll stick w the orange and purple type.
it also smelled like liquorice or anise which i found strange
this is too gritty
almost like it was airbrushed
maybe the other glam glow masks are better
it had kind of a healthy glow going on
which isn't a pleasant small to have on your face
smells fresh like lemons
the tingly sensation was nice to me
glow-y effects she raved about
got this in the glamglow gift sexy.
i love the scent
of course the beautiful packaging
no evening out of tone or brightening
thick creamy formula so a little goes a long way
it has a light, clean scent.
its really faint and not overpowering.
the emulsion has a very silky feeling.
the cream has no scent which is perfect for us who hate a smelly cream
the product itself left the apperance of a dewy
smells on my skin
this cleanser is lovely
it was soapy to me in smell and texture.
foamy rose-scented cleanser that works really well with a cloth
wondrous things for my skin
has a definite scent of old rose potpourri.
it is gentle and not greasy.
it has a light scent which i liked.
the packaging is so beautiful
it is very thick and creamy.
the scent is strong
the scent is unnoticeable.
it's smells of musty old perfume.
i did love the creamy texture
the smell was pleasant
while it is luxurious to the touch
leaves the skin looking plump
the eye cream has a really strong perfumed scent
the product is creamy
i like the texture of this eye cream
smell fine texture fine.
very silky going on
it also smells like licorice which for me wasn't my favorite
the smell is unbearable
the consistency is chunky
like very strong floral scent
love the texture, and smell of this product.
kind of like fruit loops
to me it smells like a mix between lemon floor cleaner
i love the scent of this
it still has a lovely scent
this doesn't smell like lychee or watermelon like i expected
it sorta smells like cooked artichoke and thyme.
it has a weird combination of a lemon citrus-y smell mixed in with whatever other products they put in it
just some translucent powder
the fragrance is strong
i think it's pleasant smelling
the only thing i like about it is the fresh citrus scent
the skin turned bright red
the full sized product had a very "earthy" "fast food" smell
it smelled like a fast food place
it smells like playdough !
the odor is so strange
the smell was a turnoff cause it smells like cooking oil
also it smells weird!
this smells like use cooking oil
it feels a bit tacky on my combination skin
it leaves my skin a horrible texture
the moisturizer smelled good
it's like a flowery cucumber that lingers on your face
this one keeps smelling
it has a fresh cucumber scent.
it makes my skin glow
it's got an overpowering floral/perfume scent
not the typical rose scent in the fresh line
i like that scent
it does smell like cucumbers
it does have a strong smell of lotus
i love the texture
the fragrance is not pleasant
i liked the texture
makes my foundation streaky
the scent is a little strong
love the texture of the cream
leaves me with lovely skin
i love the texture of this product
i felt an instant unbearable burning sensation when i used this eye cream
i loved the texture.
rich--think petroleum jelly with a faint nude-ish tint
i did like the velvety feel of it after applying
the spots are as catchy
the red/purple-ness from my breakouts would be gone in 1-2 weeks
skin texture or tone
this seemed like a lovely
it smells strongly of lavender.
no smooth skin texture
i like the smooth texture
it has a very strong synthetic fragrance smell
this "gel" texture is a bit strange to me
it glides on nicely
it brightens the eye
fine lines or brightness
it's gentle on my skin
the packaging is adorable
come on now, tarte.
not to mention all the benefits of buying from a beauty-safe company like tarte
i love the tarte maracuja oil
had a similar experience with the amazonian clay mascara
this eye treatment goes on silky smooth.
it is very creamy
it does brighten it slighty
it has a shiny/glittery effect
when it finally does though it leaves it velvety
after applying i felt a little tingle sensation.
it's gentle on the eyes
it has a very creamy consistency which is nice
have received this creamy oil from my josie maran value set
this product is scented
this creamy version actually felt drying especially when i used on my lips
my skin just glows
it smells like burn oranges.
not creamy whatsoever, just another oil.
given 2 stars for cute packaging
not creamy as it was suppose to
smells like orange oil.
give a smooth radiant look to eye area
i like the texture of the 'universal type'
it was soothing under my eye
i like the texture
my skin looked dull
the effect isn't pleasant
i loved applying it with the brush because it felt so luxurious
an old woman's dusty bedroom
it has a natural fragrance from the lavender.
it smells like animal oil
i need a moisturizer with a tad more richness to it
plus it leaves my skin a little shiny
when trying to blend in it gets that weird squeaky feeling on the face
this is a lovely lightweight product that made my skin look fresh
when it isn't super shiny
and it had a funny smell.
also it has a weird industrial smell.
the packaging is sleek
the bottle and smell were nice!
leave out the lavender oil
the packaging is lovely.
this one felt pretty luxurious
while creamy and sudsy when it when on.
what i liked about this product: creamy
i believe creamy is a better word for this versus foaming
it doesn't give my skin that clean glow
the lotus face cream will be a better choice :
it leaves my skin feeling tacky
this smells more like cucumber to me
easily absorbed with pleasant rose scent
the texture of the product is weird
it does smell like roses
the only thing i like is the sweet smell.
makes my combination skin shiny
i love rose scented products
this sort of smells like cucumber salad
it leaves a nice sheen on the skin
especially since it leaves a very luminous finish to your skin
it's light and has a beautiful smell.
this cream is so silky smooth i loved the texture
makes my skin really shiny
i love fresh products
it makes my skin tacky
the gel cream smells very nice
while i love the fresh rose fragrance
this is gentle on the skin
i liked the rose scent of the cleanser
i love the sky face cleanser
this cleanser smells amazing
i love everything from fresh!
i expected a richer scent
creamier consistency similar to the other fresh products
because i love the rose scent
the fragrance is delicious as all fresh products.
it was seriously bright orange
first off this smells like weed mixed it citrus which is not pleasant
it also makes your skin orange
this oh oil has a very strong bergamont scent.
i smell zero citrus.
has an orange hue
looks more glowy than oily surprisingly
the first time i used it i noticed it left an orange tint
the orange tint is a big downfall
it is bright orange/red
the smell would fade
gives skin a healthy glow due to the orange color
i got this tiny bottle as a part of my beauty rewards 500 points ole henrikson's "glow for it"package
leaving a slightly tacky layer
this did leave my skin with an "orange glow"
it gives my skin a "nice" carrot-like glow!
it gives my skin a tad of a slight orange tint until it is fully absorbed
make it look more vibrant
has the faint smell of something
rosehip oil smells very earthy
the tangerine is what makes this orange which is a little off-putting
this oil is bright.
it is watery and has a perfumey smell.
goes on smelling like oranges
then changes to a fishy smell
this oil feels luxurious
is shiseido's benefiance wrinkle resist 24 which is more creamy
this eye cream is very creamy
it went on silky smooth
made my skin look dewy
i notice a glow the day after input it on before bedtime
by for when i want the extra glow
let's hope my winter pale skin doesn't turn orange
it smells of sweet potato baby food.
am a big fan of the glow pads in particular
i like being pale
as no self tanner looks natural on me
i am used to the typical unpleasant sunless tanner smell
does us make my skin glow?
horrible smell, orange face.
definitely noticed a nice glow
the reason for the company pushing that it makes you "glow"
it makes my light skin look orange
i even have a tan and it still looks orange.
i actually prefer the classic offensive self-tanner scent over this
smells like tropical fruit
does give a subtle glow
my skin is neither "warmer" nor "glowy."
this fragrance is nice, light citrus scent.
with that my skin glowed
it's not overly fragrant.
the fragrance is like an orange flintstones push up pop
it has a lovely light citrus smell to it.
this products has a tint to it that helps reduce the appearance of dark circles
the smell is weird
it is far too shimmery for me
this product is amazing leaves your face smelling beautiful
creamy once you apply it
i like the smell
i like the texture of this
the problem is the scent.
it does like a nice shimmery glow to it
it's a hefty price to pay for a fragrant moisturizer
i loved the texture
there is a light fragrance.
the overly fragranced smell is god awful
not to mention it smells like old lady perfume.
this smells like a little old lady doused in awful perfume
has a nice creamy texture
i find both the smell
it isn't a luxurious or pleasant formula
i love the way it smells
almost smells like something spicy
it has a clean baby powder-ish smell
for me the scent is a problem.
(once in a blue moon.)
i did like the scent
what i disliked most was that this oil smells like chemical furniture polish
you would think it would smell like rosewood
pros: the scent is really calming
smells strange too... greasy...
it was heavily scented
although it is tinted
i gave it 2 stars for the texture
the whipped texture is lovely
although it was lovely when i applied
also has a strange strong smell when in container
it also leaves you with a nice glow.
it definitely gives an ashy look to my face
is a light peach color
i wasn't fond of the pink sheen it left on my face either
my skin looked less glowing
totally unremarkable as a skin treatment.
with skin loving ingredients
both cremes in one zippy kit
i like more creamy
love how it smells thanks to all the floral/botanical ingredients tiny bottle
the smell is way to powerful almost a strong chemical smell
except make it smells like cologne
this is rich feeling
my skin was beautiful
the smell was weird
pros nice luxe packaginglight fruity scentleft skin feeling smooth
as a lover of anything rosy
work to turn into luxurious slatherings for people
the mask is supposed to give you an instant glow
did my skin glow?
it didn't give me any glow
it's not pleasant for a face moisturizer
the smell is overwhelming
the smell is overpowering
it isn't a chemical scent
it also smells faintly like a bathroom airspray.
the smell just lingers.
i am wearing: tarte maracuja oil
makes my face shiny
my 2 stars are for the delightful packaging
this product also has a very strong fruity scent
leaves a filmy feeling after use
it smells like fruit loops
make my skin glow
the scent is annoying.
my skin looked really bright and even.
a little bit orange blossom
it is slightly gritty
while it smells lovely
think orange creamsicle in a line of products that all smell herbaceous
smells great, smooth, pleasant.
to me it smells like old ladies
strong but pleasant and natural.
all of tata harper's products have a floral smell to them
it is not a pleasing fragrance
the smell was so pungent
smells like a flower bed.
smells like intense flowery perfume.
this product smells like your putting perfumed lotion on your face
maybe it is a citrus scent
i found the scent overwhelming
it smells like really strong men's cologne!
the smell was unbearable
when the scent is light
scent smells like freshly cut grass
i feel like a richer eye cream than the gel/watery kind
refreshing when i applied it
does is brighten my skin?
the sweet fruit scent
did brighten my skin
the cleanser smells amazing
although the product has a lovely texture
giving it 2 stars for the natural orange scent
it makes my skin look very shiny
the texture is light
it came in a very yellow color
just textured red bumps
the smell is extremely floral
it's good for mantaing a glow during the day.
true josie maran pure argan oil
it's light weight and smells nice.
revitalizing supreme face cream
revitalizing supreme eye cream
it has a sticky-ish
it's lovely as a primer.
even though it has a great cucumber/fresh smell
it leaves my face shiny (greasy?).
it leaves my face shiny
instantly noticed a weird puffy feeling as if i had allergies
it has a lovely consistency
revitalizing supreme face cream
revitalizing supreme eye cream
it has a shimmer to it
revitalizing supreme face cream
revitalizing supreme eye cream
instantly brighten your eyes
however, this product smells like a perfume.
feels like old lady face cleansing cream.
your eyes will be bright red
it is smells like a perfume
my face looks luminous without being shiny or looking oily
the algenist was like silk
not the luscious/silky type of water other br
the only positive i can think of is the cucumber scent
it smells nice and is gentle.
i wear tarte lights camera splashes
toned with a touch of moisture
within minutes my face was bright red
i love urban decay's black velvet
it has a weird smell/
this one smells lovely
also the smell was not pleasant to me
it has this funky smell to it
my face still looks super shiny
it smells like plastic to me
only this and white lucent are awful.
the shiseido white lucent eye cream works much better
only to discover that the flowery smell gave me a migraine
they both have scent
eye cream is toned down
i love the texture
like that this moisturizer is light and silky.
i do feel like i get a shiny sheen to my face when using this moisturizer
make me look like a shiny teenager
it's a very chemical/perfumey scent
leaves the skin very shiny
goes on easilyso so: strong scent
it left my skin sooooo shiny
definitely a strong perfumed fragrance which is not something i want on my face
the product dried slightly tacky
the scent is amazing
also it has a very perfumed scent.
i like the scent.
the smell of this product is potent
this left my combo skin shiny by lunch time
the scent is strong
i find that this was too fragrant
while this moisturizer has a nice scent
it's too fragrant for a face moisturizer imho
first off, it is quite fragrant.
the moisturizer itself is lightly textured
it also has a stinky scent
i would feel a burning sensation
it does have a pleasant fresh scent
nice gel like texture
the smell was unpleasant
it was very gritty
it gives you a healthy glow
i find the texture
smell to be very pleasant
the whole hot washcloth ritual can be relaxing
the smell is a very strong clove/ eucalyptus/herbaly kind that i am not a huge fan of
i love the scent.
texture plus soothing effect on skin
exfoliates your skin beautifully
i like the smell
this mask is tingly because of the camphor.
the texture is so gooey
unfortunately to me the product smells strongly of cloves
it's more of a creamy/milk consistency rather than foamy
the fragrance is nice
both products are creamy
people raved about the scent
i prefer a thicker, more cushiony product.
it was cakey and flakey.
it does instantly brighten my undereyes
it made my skin look dewy in the beginning
was gentle on my skin
color #1 for fair skin
my face got bright red
by now it has only given me a beautiful glow
i adored the fragrance of this product.
the lotion is pink, with some sparkles in it.
no change in radiance
my face looks dull
aloe does lovely things to the skin
i like the texture.
this mask is indeed soothing
this is a prefect example of a product that is visually appealing
de puffing or calming
evening smelling the bottle
it is very strong and sweet.
this sort of creates a sheen over the face.
though it has a pleasant smell
not soothing or natural
my face felt velvety
the smell is divine
i like the smell
this also has licorice which is very calming to the skin
to me it smelled like lavender
yuck- smells so strong of dead roses!!!
it also leaves my face very shiny
it smells like lavender
it claims that it's "gentle"
this has a heavy perfume scent which i don't like
the smell is a bit
it is a very gentle wash and full of fragrance.
i love the white lucent toner
3 stars for rich moisture.
note i don't tan or go in the sun
the smell of this cream is over powering.
smooth, thick and creamy, and has a great smell.
the texture is like a balm
made my skin look lovely
smell was light and pleasant.
it's hard to blend out the cream
the smell is pleasant
this cream also smells a bit off.
one strong scent is lavender
people commented on the smell thinking it was a perfume i'm wearing
the smell is delicious.
i found the herbal scent too strong for my liking
this product smells like bengay
the menthol like feel
scent of this eye cream is nice
it felt almost milky
the smell of this is repulsing to me
but, it does give my face a little "glow".
was the perfect canvas for makeup
this product while it felt great smells so strongly of mayo
you can see that it has an iridescent sheen that has a brightening effect
also had a gritty texture
they're what turn it creamy
the smell is so funky
i loved the texture
even though this cleanser smells nice
i like how gentle this cleanser is.
the texture is bizarre
with water added it becomes a milky texture
the smell was awful- like bathroom cleaner
without the tsubaki beauty oil
it has such a lovely texture to it
although i like the texture
it's super citrus scented.
revitalizing supreme face cream
revitalizing supreme eye cream
if you like a heavy cream with a pleasant perfume smell
in fact it makes my eyes all teary and watery.
brightens and hydrates the eye area
it does nothing for the bluish cast that some of us have
it has a nice creamy consistency
liked the idea of a dark circle minimizer
the wonderful soothing clinique laser repair
trying this mega-bright one
however, i think it has tiny little sparkles?
it doesn't look "cakey" or "flaky"
versus the ginzing™ refreshing eye cream
while it does give you a certain glow
don't have dark circles as in dark/purplish tones
this product does smell nice, like oranges.
my skin looks glow immediately
the product had an unpleasant scent
has a vanilla meets plastic smell
i smell marshmallows and a hint of vanilla.
texture of this cream is just so decadent
i didn't notice any "glow"
change in skin texture
the cream itself is not creamy
the cream smells very artificial vanilla.
it has that typical night cream smell.
the scent was overly sweet.
smells just like you've stuck your nose into a cupcake with tons of cloyingly sweet vanilla frosting
it has a pleasant vanilla scent
i don't like the scent-it smells nutty to me
my cheeks are bright red
i like the bouncy texture
i am in love with the sweet vanilla scent
i liked the scent-- kinda vanilla custardy with a bit of spice-- like rice pudding
the scent is strangely addictive
fyi: when i see the word "luxurious" in descriptions-- to me
i loved the fresh smell
had more of a healthy glow
the red glitter in the metallic mask was a surprise- i don't really want glitter
makes my face super flaky
i loved the texture
more like sparkly melted plastic with an acrid chemical smell
especially the calming oatmeal line
the scent isn't overpowering
create some weird cloudiness
and made my skin very shiny.
helped in brightening skin tone
when applied feels very sticky/tacky
it turned a dark orange color
the smell of these camu camu products
it gives me a bit of an orange cast
i also noticed a glow in skin tone.
the texture is a little odd
this creams texture is wonderful.
dark circles - no stars.
the black tea from fresh does nothing
it's a very nice creamy moisturizer that goes on beautifully
refreshing just like black tea
it smelled sour like actual sour milk
the scent starts out really pleasant
loved the whipped argan oil
love the original argan oil
tacky on my skin
because instead getting a creamy
my face was left feeling tacky from it
absorbs into the skin wonderfully
i used celestial by lush
it smells like black licorice
this is just a light milky oil that gives the surface of the skin that light oily glow look
it smells divine like coconuts.
i think its too fragrant or something.
the coconut smell was waay too strong.
taking off the mask was pleasant
i've enjoyed my origins mushroom mask better for a mostirizing mask
it is way to perfumed for me
it smells like an old waxy cream, also.
the caudalie cru original cream is a much nicer product
this product has a fairly strong perfumey scent which bothered my nose in bed
the beauty elixir smells funny.
not luxurious at all for the price
beautiful smell like the original
it just wasn't pleasant
"radiant" skin after using this product
make my skin feel silky smooth
the only plus was the smell (subtle roses).
is that it smells like roses
the scent is lovely
i think because of the rose flower extract
you will experience very foggy sight
i simply looked shiny
usually i only have to twirl it a little bit in a cup filled with warm water
and the perfume smell is way too strong in this.
light application and matte finish.
it felt silky on my skin, but that was about it.
it made my face satiny smooth
the smell was a bit overwhelming because i personally don't care for a floral scented cream on my face
the scent is too strong for a facial product
lotus youth radiance lotion is lightweight
the lotion has a very strong cucumber scent.
as for the cucumber smell
it smells a little like cucumbers
it smells exactly like a cucumber
i don't know that it really "illuminated" anything
the fragrance was kind of unpleasant
besides giving me a craving for lotus root
i love this fresh line
i will stick with the lotus moisturizer from fresh
s with a light smell
because it does give my skin a nice glow
the packaging is lovely
i found the cucumber-ish smell to be light
smells like a cucumber salad.
make the mask turn a dark green
it did turn from a light green to a dark green
my skin looked brighter
it turns from light green to dark green
the sun protection is great
makes my face look super shiny with makeup
this leaves my face shiny and feeling greasy.
i can't get past the chemical smell of lemon furniture polish
i didn't find that it improved my skin's radiance or gave it a brightening/luminous look at all
both time the area of skin i use on has turned bright red
it has pinkish color in it
the tint isn't enough tint
brought out the blue tones
i liked the brightening of the eyes
it has a salmon tint
i liked the peach tint
very dark purple circles under my eyes
this product has a good peach undertone to neutralize the colour of dark circles
a lovely metal dispenser that feels blissful on the eyes if refrigerated
sits in my delicate fine lines around the eye area
the medium tone is too pink for my olive asian skin tone
the color was way too pale
at 28 all i'm dealing with are darkish circles
the color is very pink.
needs a gentle touch with blending.
the tint help somewhat hide under eye dark areas
when looking in my mirror up close it looked cakey
the light one looked orange
the produce gave my eyes this strange shiny opalescent look that wasn't attractive
i loved the souffle-like consistency
i enjoyed using the product for the following reasons: it has a nice floral scent
i like the creamy/oily texture
i like the fresh scent
but besides that, this is a pleasant mask to use.
love the rose scent & the moisture it provides.
but even the lovely smell goes away fast.
it smells so nice, soothing.
i love the way it smells
this gel mask is a lovely
i love the very light rose scent
the green cucumber version works just as well
other than smelling good
i love the color pink
i do love the scent though!
the pink color still on my face
i switched to a gentle cleanser
it does a lovely job removing all makeup
it smells like medicine
i love rose scented anything
makes it seem almost creamy.
toes that one of the new shades will work for me because the glow this imparts is to die for
because even with the reviews saying this was a very pale shade
orange for my skin tone
refreshing on your skin
gave a nice dewy glow--i could never tell i was wearing it
the color is too orange for my skin tone
it was way to dark for my skin tone
looked strange on my skin.
it smells a little weird
l have olive skin with yellow undertones
this product made me look pink
looks super dull after application.
am thinking i should just return it because the color is way too dark/yellow for my alabaster pale skin
after a while i noticed it looked orangey
i finish with a translucent powder to set
i found another tinted moisturizer that is far superior
also, the color is orange on my fair skin .
it does make my skin "dewy"
one shade for all?
made my skin look dewy
the color is perfect
the new version leaves a chalky
while the shade is fine for my skin tone
the smell was disgusting
still look like a tomato
smells like orange juice
expected it to be tingly
my face turned bright red
i liked the eucalyptus smell
it made me skin bright red and burn so bad!
there is also rosa canina fruit oil
this oil has a very pleasant scent.
with this my skin is glowing in the morning
i so wanted to love this weirdly smelled oil because of the reservatol
this is a fine eye creme
all the products smell kind of unpleasant.
her packaging is beautiful
has a distinct natural rose smell
i love fresh products
it smelled very strongly of cucumber
might have been lovely
i find it to be kind of unpleasant smelling
it feels amazing gliding on the skin
i love the scent of it
smell is a bit intense.
it sits on it looking very shiny
i don't notice that my eyes look instantly illuminated
i assumed it would smell like roses
my nose was super shiny
left a very frosty white shimmer behind
the am did brighten
how rich the cream was
to me it smells like rotting fruit
it smells like green apple and a musty wet cat.
the only way i can describe it is sour green apple mixed with
it's kind of similar to a green apple scent
i got this in the glam glow the magic box of sexy
i love the smell of this mask
nothing different from using my lush cleanser
the smell is very strong and pungent.
hoping the other glam glow muds perform better than this one
thirstymud masks from glam glow
there is a somewhat tingly sensation
definitely wouldn't recommend this mask out of all the glam glow products
it sort of tingles on the skin a bit
i did notice it was looking a lot more radiant
this glam glow purchase does not work for me.
this is my favourite of the glam glow masks!
witch hazel contains "tannins" which can be irritating if overused
the smell is really overpowering
kind of smells like yeast
while i think i saw s subtle glow return to my skin
smells lovely and leaves my skin smooth.
it has a lovely smell too.
the "firming" was comical
it smells like cucumber at first
the scent smells like seaweed
in the morning the skin under my eyes was a dark purple
found the cucumber smell unappealing
other than the delightful smell, it did nothing.
it was more bubbly than foamy.
it's milky, foams nicely, and cleans well.
smell reminds me of an old cigar.
the smell is overpowering.
the scent is very overpowering
the scent is so strong
this cream has a very strong fragrance
it make my face turn bright red
it's got a funky smell to me.
it's not a distinct smell, just strange.
divine are a little much for this perfumed cream
plus it has a weird smell.
this is a thick, heavily scented creme.
it smells strongly on lemon halls
it is very scented.
my problem was the scent.
it has a strong perfume smell
it is wayyyyyy too perfumed to be recommended for nighttime/before bed use
the scent of this cream is what first comes to mind
strong fragrances tend to make my eyes burn
it feel very luxurious
that perfume from the 1990s sunflowers.
i've heard people describing the smell as fishy
to me this product smells like rotten avocados
i think it's been healing with brightness
make me crave barbecue potato chips
plain sweet almond oil
it's very hydrating but way too fragrant.
the smell is pine intense.
too strong perfume scent.
loving the magic from that cream
it smells so delicious
like a natural woodsy smell maybe
fine it's beautiful packaging
i much prefer the regular oak eye cream
the cream itself was underwhelming
hollows of my eyes more because of the fragrance
after activating with water it smells like musty multi-vitamins
chunky, smells metallic, no improvement to skin.
i liked the texture
while it does brighten the complexion
it's hard to find a treatment that provides that glow boost
smelled like a weird chemically oil
the scent lingers on your h
the odor of this is horrific
it made my skin bright
it gave my skin an awesome glow
flash rinse has an amazing smell
chunky with fruit pieces for exfoliation
the smell is pleasant.
its true that this product doesnt smell lovely
it smells like metal with a hint of lemon
left a film w a weird metallic smell
it has a lovely scent and moisturizes adequately.
the texture is weird and it dries quickly.
strong sent, smells like a magazine perfume ad.
love my shiseido tinted moisturizer
the texture is a very liquid milky white substance
this one smelled of flowers very strongly
the smell is too organic
veggieplant-ish vs a lovely perfume
the smell is overpowering
it is heavily scented
since it is cream like in texture
this mask is creamy
they were smoothing out thanks to tatcha indigo
the herbal scent was also a little strong
smells a little like vanilla or coconut.
the fragrance is quite powdery with a hint of freshness
first of all-it smells disgusting.
i like the scent
it reminds me of vanilla frosting
while i find this cleanser unique in its melting texture
thought that i'd like this indulgent-sounding cleanser
this eye cream comes in a weird texture that's between a cream
i give it 5 stars only for the scent
this one was gentle
it's a very perfumed mushroom scent.
when i saw someone said it was rose geranium
i loved the texture
make your surroundings appear to be in a cloud of smoke
if you are considering using it as i was sweet almond oil removes makeup better
i liked the scent
i gave the product 2 stars instead of 1 just for the lovely light orange smell
it also didn't feel luxurious, but was sticky.
even the creamiest cc eye care cream from sephora
without it looking cakey
was hoping on more vibrant skin.
it still hint of fish scent
reminded me of the smell of tea which is something i could live without smelling
it smells very sweet... i am returning it.
i love the smell and luxurious feel of this mask.
the smell is overpoweringly sweet
the fragrance is overwhelming
purple glitter which is readily visible in natural light--- no thanks
it brightens my skin
i like the way the creamy
had a massive headache from the perfume scent
besides the watery consistency
the smell was unpleasant
my face feels silky smooth after it absorbs
light texture that feels amazing on the skin
is like a combination between roses
i like the smell of it
it has a weird scent to it
it did brighten my skin
it goes on creamy and thick.
others like the smell.
the consistency is a nice thick cream that has a light refreshing scent
my skin felt a little more firm and perky.
having a sweet floral smell on my face overnight is way too much for me
the texture was luxurious
ntrigued by the texture of it
fresh is a lovely br
this product has a brief peppermint-tingly feel on the skin
minty treat that it is
glam glow, please fix this pump!
it smells like black licorice to me
the glam glow power cleanse is a better product.
that it smells like black licorice
i also dislike the color.
i love the glam glow mask
lotus oil is so much better
i like fragrances that are subtle
he product is lovely.
all of clarins other items smell lovely
have loved the smell
am so sad to have this gorgeous green bottle sitting on my bathroom counter
has a beautiful slip to it
the bummer is that with so many natural flower
it's very watery feeling.
the smell is a very strong lemongrass
god it made me nauseous
it has a nice light citrus smell
the fragrance is a bit overwhelming
it has a strong ginger smell
it does smell like orange sherbet
the scent is quite lovely though.
it felt like silk.
this moisturizer has a strong perfumey smell that i can't st
the scent was an overpowering perfume smell
lacks the lavender smell i love
it was so unflattering and weirdly texturized.
my skin looked dull
is light/refreshing around the eyes
stank horribly like old lady perfume
i love perfume, but the scents i choose.
after using either the camellia oil alone or followed by the classic powder
yummy fruity pebbles smell.
logo is beautiful with simple sophistication
i heard this was a magical oil that would help with acne scars
left it looking bright
i'd recommend smelling it before you buy
gives it a subtle glow which i like
this is a gentle facial bar
i agree it is gentle
this dry oil smells heavenly and feels luxurious.
once i started adding a drop or two with my mattifying primer my skin looks gorgeous
i liked the scent
would not call this fragrant either
neither my nose nor my skin liked the fragrance
it was really luxurious
it has a light fresh scent and it foams up well.
the product is very creamy
this product is very creamy
i also wished it was a creamy cleanser.
the smell is pleasant
although it is a gentle formula
want a cool looking de-puffer
it left a weirdly warm tingly feeling under my eyes
after i put it on i could feel the tingling refreshing sensation
it was semi-brightening
it does not leave the skin silky smooth
oddly shaped it's easy to poke your eye
the tarte eye cream is so much better.
the little iron is cute
it turns matte, with an almost powder finish.
the application is cool and refreshing.
there's some brightening from the mica
adorable packaging doesn't make up for overwhelming fragrance
it smells like overcooked bacon
i like the smell
the bottle is tall
texture when worn alone is nice
it has a pleasant rosy scent, which broke me out.
the scent was lovely
the featured "blend of optics" seem to be extremely tiny micro sparkles
loved how silky the serum felt
"pure luxury" made me somewhat starry eyed
the restoration of your glow
it has a pleasant-enough smell
left a weird tacky texture to it after taking it off
leaves a somewhat powdery film behind
this has a refreshing citrusy
slightly floral scent that fades to barely noticeable
it made my tarte bb cream streaky
the texture reminds me of an eye cream
dates just to get that goddess glow
i didn't even get this feeling of freshness
did not make it look more radiant
it left my skin glowing
i recommend glam glow face mask for any kind of issue
the golden stuff is cheap glitter
it's goopy like honey
sticking to glam glow thirsty mud.
face bright red for a couple hours after.
my cheeks were bright red
weird smell that lingers
stays bright red for a few hours
i am always on the hunt for a good glow product.
gave me perfect glow
the glow is worth the headache
short-lived glow to your skin
the moisture and glow don't last long.
peachy & fruity, without smelling like chemicals.
smells like the peach blossom doll
citrus scent of this face wash
i like the smell
gives you a glowing beautiful complexion.
also the synthetic peach scent isn't great.
i like the texture of this product
i love glam glow
got this in the glamglow gift sexy.
i wouldn't have purchased solely for the artificial perfumed smell
i also did not like the smell of this cleanser which smelled like perfume
my face was glowing
i might give it another shot or get a sample of another type of glam glow cleanser
the aqua colored one for hydration
i love glam glow
i noticed it smelled wonderful!
i love fresh products
your eyes look glowy.
i got the cream as part of the lotus set.
it has a pleasant smell
however... it smells faintly of pickles.
it's not an overpowering scent
nice daytime eye cream
love the smell of cucumber
light scent is really appealing
i love the lotus youth preserve face cream
didn't deliver on the dullness-to-radiance
i love the scent and feel of this eye cream.
i saw no brigthening effect or glow.
it does smell lovely though
le the natural scent
very tacky and made me breakout.
unfortunately the scent of this product smells like stinky foot/rotten banana
it has a terrible sour smell that reminds me of sour milk
once i got a whiff of that smell again
plus the scent of it was not pleasant!
the strong smell of old-lady-sun-tan-lotion really turned me off
it has a baby powder super fragrant smell.
the product is gentle
had a strong, unpleasant almost chemically smell.
it is way too scented
it smelled like the shea
it smells like baby oil
almost has a plasticity smell.
not pleasant at all.
i smelled it all night
it also has a strong fragrance.
it should be called the divine irritating oil.
my skin felt tacky.
the scent is not pleasant at all
it also does not feel luxurious on skin .
alpa assured me that this only gave a glow
the face finishing moisturizer tint looks grey'ish
i like the glow the product gives my skin
want a glow with spf
pinker color than my own skin tone
the only problem i have with it is the tint.
it tinted my skin a funny color
the tint capsules that are supposed to produce a flattering glow merely turned my skin muddy
i didn't feel difference in texture or see a more radiant mewas just another moisturizer for me
it brightens it too
was the delectable scent
like a cross between a creme brûlée
it has a bit of a strange smell
it does have a rotten aroma when first applied.
then fades to a powdery smell
good lord the smell is unbearable
at first it smells like rotting chocolate
all day i was smelling cigar
the vanilla scent is divine — two stars for the scent
said it smelled like i slathered incense on my face
white chocolate" smell which not appealing at all
i just hope algenist can change the smell of the product either no fragrant or citrusy kind of smell
faintly sweet like swampy algae rotting in the hot sun
it leaves a slightly tacky
my face was super shiny
left a sort of filmy feeling as opposed to a refreshing clean
the color changing effect is neat.
the forming and bubbly was interesting.
it's enjoyable to use since the bubbling sensation feels cool
tacky feeling on my face
it leaves a matt finish
when i saw the glow revival
my skin did glow
it says it is brightening
also, it says it gives bursts of radiance.
this plus the shimmer
the older one had more of an opal effect that gave your skin this inner glow when applied
turns out it's just like a tinted moisturizer
it has that shimmering texture which i hate
it like a sun screen
but...lovely packaging ill give it that
i like things with green tea
just needed some "glow
this smells like rotten milk
it claims to be gentle
to i could smell the fragrance in it
the scent however is addictive.
the texture is white and creamy .
it smells like old flowers that have been sitting in a vase too long
because the scent of it on your face is very overpowering
this smells absolutely delicious
smells like starburst or skittles.
the scent on this is brutal.
as it causes the foundation to sit in pores oddly
it has a pleasant lavender scent.
it is lavender scented
i love bobbi brown cosmetics
i like that it goes on more creamy
it leaves my skin shinier
it left me shiny
the original gave my skin a shine
the perfume smell is off-putting
the original version of hope dry skin was creamy
the smell is different
the texture is silky and the cream is thick.
the texture is very odd
the consistency is pretty creamy for how thick the balm is
i prefer the texture
i love fab face cream and cleaner.
cream with an added disgusting scent for authenticity
it does pair amazingly well with the moon fruit sleeping mask by herbivore
my face has a revolting green sheen
liked the smell (chamomile?)
the dissolving blue color was pretty neat.
leaving the truly pungent
chemically sweet scent sticking around for a solid five to ten minutes
it's very aesthetically pleasing to me
i didnt expect the oil to be a deep teal
i know it's kind of funky
the product descriptions says milky texture
it's more thick texture
makes them look bigger because of the blue tint
my skin is still the same didn't help with texture discoloration dullness or radiance
the scent was strong
love the smell for before bed, very relaxing.
the smell on these products is not pleasant.
kinda smells like dirt.
the scent is herbaceous
recovers from dull skin textures
give it some glow
the scent is really lovely
at times textured skin
it's a great sun screen on its own
lines wonderfully on its own
nstead of the smooth creamy application i'm used to
won't allow any creamy products to lie smoothly
while pale enough for me
this is perfumed to heck and back.
the texture is silky
this product has an odd smell
i'd love it if it wasn't scented stronger than most perfumes
but the fragrance is unbearable.
it's pungently sweet smelling
feels like a silky primer
bluring with good sun protection
it makes me very shiny
my face was very shiny
matte to natural finish foundation over top of this
my makeup looks so cakey
this has a very strong fragrant smell
it didnt de-puff, brighten or lift anything.
it also smells like eucalyptus
i decided not to return it because the scent is delicious
it's feels good because it's creamy
though it says its gentle
it's supposed to be natural and refreshing.
purchased this for its light scent
love the scent and it's very lightweight.
it isn't creamy at all, it's almost liquidy.
the scent is pleasant and unobtrusive.
i am shiny from the onset
it sits on top of your skin creating a weird fim layer
the scent lingers all day
the smell is great- smells just like fruity pebbles to me
it's more like a primer with a similar on-skin texture to smashbox's iconic primer
i like the texture of it
this mask is gentle
it does have a pleasant smell to it
radiant eye cream still continues
my dark circles are still dark purple
didnt realize it has a tint to it which i was excited to find out
this is quite shimmery
the shimmers can't really be seen under foundation
this is basically a shimmery moisturizer
not shimmery in a good
my face is shimmery all over like i am some sort of show dancer
the deal breaker for me is that its got tones of shimmer in it
the scent was okay
love the clean smell
it smelled odd, and was gritty.
smells lovely, and that's about it.
it's also very fragrant.
it's a thicker/creamier consistency with a light scent that isn't unpleasant
looked amazing underneath dior nude air powder
really gave my skin an "airbrushed" look
which doubles beautifully as a primer
also has a really strong floral sent that i don't care for
it also leaves a white hue
it has good sun protection
this leaves a horrible white cast
not velvety at all
i noticed a peppermint-like scent
it made me look gray
it's really thick and smells weird.
so forget darker skin tones
leaves me looking super white
nourishing power with high level uva
it feels lovely upon application
i like its texture
the fragrance is super strong
it smells like dirt and fake flower combination.
if you are sensitive to perfumy fake scents i would stay away
the bubbling effect is pretty novel
it left my face feeling tacky
my skin would be glowing in the morning
the baby powder fragrance added is nauseating
the scent is pleasant
the smell is pleasant though, very herbal.
smelled beautifully it seemed to flake off my skin almost like an exfoliating treatment
in sunlight, there's pink glitter everywhere!
the packaging is beautiful
the scent was pleasant
the fragrance is unpleasant.
the baby powder smell is really overwhelming
that strong baby powder+flowers fragrance
it reminded my of another mask by glam glow because it shows your pores
i love putting this mask on before bed i find the lavender smell to be relaxing
it had a creamy texture and it was white color.
the pinkish color is unique.
it is truly a cloying unpleasant smell
you would think with a name like flora
a floral scent would dominate
the smell is so overpowering
for an oil that is named "flora"
the smell is repulsive
my skin looks plump
the packaging is a nice and thick glass bottle.
the smell reminds me of seasoned oil that you dip your bread in
there's similar facial oils out there that have a better scent
appreciate the rose hip smell
between the two, i'd purchase juno over flora.
the best way i can describe the scent of flora is old crushed roses
first off,it smells nothing like roses.
although they have an organic/earthy smell
i loved the texture
a truly herbal smell that's very calming
this product leaves creamy residue on the face
it has a slightly gritty texture when it goes on that vanishes as it melts into the skin
it has a strong scent like the other divine products
the product is watery
first off the scent is disgusting
as an exfoliator it's too gentle
also, oddly, mine melted?
it definitely livened up my dull skin
it smells like a tacky woodsman
after smelling it for a bit
it smelled more like pine-sol to me
said it reminded her of patchouli
the tone was brighter
it smells like a slightly floral baby wipe.
it does give your face a glow
i smell pretty strong fragrant
it smells like a harsh chemical
and i do feel that it brightened my complexion.
the scent is okay
did not brighten my complexion
did not make my skin "luminous"
the formula feels lux
while i like how gentle the formula is
i liked the smell of the mask
isn't this mask all about making your face glow?
my complexion was very ruddy
the smell is funky, the texture scrapes my face.
my skin is really shiny all day.
it makes my skin shine
the color is pink
tone of the eye cream is nice
will brighten the undereye
i love the green tea
can't remember the flavor
i tried the orchid mask.
i used the green tea mask
sheet masks which work wonderfully
refreshing on the skin
i wish i could capture the scent as a perfume!
with a noticeable floral scent
it would be like smoke or something very musk-y
rinse easy breezy cleanser
it's not masculine, it's heavily perfumed.
it's like old grandma perfume, heavy and musky.
also--this does have a rather masculine scent which is a little weird for a facial product
it had an unpleasant bitter smell
it's gentle on the skin
it is quite fragrant
i love the texture of it
it is a rich eye cream
heavy oily product that didn't particularly smell pleasant
after use i notice a white cast to my face that looks a bit ghostly
i am all about brightening masks
products that give me "glow" which i didn't feel this mask gave me much of a glowing or brightening effect
i think it does create a sort of radiant glow
i think for brightening
it has a strong scent
it sort of smells like spoiled jasmine
the strong scent stung my skin
or "radiant" after the first application
the scent is so strong
this is an oil that smells
that product is lovely
this review is for lemongrass - radiance.
have the drops for radiance
it does have a scent
i got the radiance one
go for glam glow thirsty treatment mask
the texture was disappearing
it feels greasy and smells like sun screen.
got a headache from the overwhelming perfume scent
the texture of the creme is gooey
i got this because of the light texture.
had a slightly funky smell
it smells like alcohol
the texture of this is fascinating
a gel-like consistency that's a bit bouncy
bouncy gel like texture
i love the way it makes my face look dewy
it's a fun jello-like texture.
it remains tacky on the skin for a while
fragrance are very similar to the oh pure perfection
the invigorating night creme came up
the gel is so tacky
this eye creme smells so strongly like sushi!
made my eye area feel tacky
it smells like cucumbers
i gave it two stars because it smelled pleasant
i think it's a little too creamy
the fragrance is a light floral.
smell was a little alcohol-y
the texture is light
dark circles or tone at all
i like that this is a light cream that is gentle.
knock-off version of the l'occitane divine cream
the cream feels watery
i usually use l'occitane divine cream-
i loved the fragrance
on top of smelling like grass it made me breakout
it dies smell nice
it's like an herby
earthy smell of an apothecary
i like the texture of this cream.
i couldn't get past the flowery scent which smells kind of old-ladyish to me
sigh~~ where can i find my perfect moisturizer.
i liked the texture
the consistency of this product is very creamy if you're into that
the green and pink were both awesome.
my skin turned a pretty bright red
especially that green one
i dislike using creamy cleansers
i do love some of the tatcha products: camellia oil
especially when it also promises luminous skin.
i'll give it a 3 because it does give a nice glow to the face
including their radiant deep brightening serum
the consistency was very syrup-y
neck as a subtle perfume scent since i like the smell
i turned into a very shiny person
it smells powdery but kinda musty.
the smell is divine
this is a silky and smooth serum.
gave the two stars only for beautiful packaging
the smell is delicious
i instantly saw a brightness
however, the scent...no, make that the smell.
this isn't a too sweet or too floral or too clean scent
very strong perfume smell
the finely meteor dust was a great addition
scent was too overpowering
this cleanser smell so refreshing
oiliness decided to try this mask however the strong chemical smell is just unbearable to me
the smell is lovely.
it left a tacky 'filmy' feeling on my face.
the smell and texture is nice.
it was tacky and sticky.
it feels tacky when on
i prefer a luminous look.
there was an instant glow
just lovely, smooth, gorgeous skin.
just gorgeous, glowing skin.
why is a product like this gracing shelves at sephora??
i like the packaging with wooden style cap with nice glass like container
it has a very strong perfume-y smell
didnt really smell afloral citrus as described
did have a clay scent
it smells faintly of roses.
their packaging is gorgeous
luxurious when you apply
does not smell at all like blue tansy
it was a milky green colour.
the smell is mild
it was a brighter blue
smelled stronger of blue raspberry
the smell was more cardboardy
works nicely layered under a moisturizer.
this product has a heavy floral scent that i am sensitive to
the feel of it was luxurious
i loved the rose smell
the smell is intoxicating
thought i'd try the orchid oil because it's a little cheaper
found out that it just smells like jasmine
the facial oils smell nice
also it smells vile.
if the scent was less potent i would've loved it!
the blue has turned blue-green
might as well stick with the glow tonic
the ingredients sounded promising
then this is a nice cream in gorgeous packaging
the packaging is adorable
also, the packaging is really adorable.
for those of you that aren't familiar with herbs
took off stars because the serum feels tacky on the skin which is surprising since it's very viscous
i've never smelt a face product that smells this
loved it including the scent
this helped to brighten my skin
it was slightly tacky to the touch
it smells like bacon
this one was nauseating
i like the smell.
it smells like rotten oranges
it smells like it
gave my face a orange dark tan look.
like bad orange shade foundation.
the added glow was not working for me
the glowing kind of tan
the smell is not pleasant!
it was so fluffy!
does smell very milky
it's fun in texture
i really like the egg mellow creams this br
smells is fruity and not overpowering.
it's very gentle- too gentle for my taste.
i think this cleanser is a novelty- cool packaging
the smell is very perfumey
i like itthe scent is fine
intrigued by the mousse
otherwise good smell and cute packaging.
as it is a very dense mousse
it is a gentle morning cleanse
as for the smell
this is fun to use- foamy whipped cream consistency
this is highly fragrant
the fragrance was overwhelming
the whippy white stuff disappears as you massage it in for the treatment
doesn't have a distinct scent
i love the texture of this eye cream.
smells like old lady perfume
instead this gave me textured skin
for the horrid scent this has
i will say that the texture is lovely
creamy at the same time
i love the minty cool feeling it leaves after you wash it
it smells really fresh
love the refreshing feeling!
it became red like bright red in some areas
this cleanser balm does have an unexpected rough texture
despite the beautiful blue hue
the flower wax obviously
it is a little gritty
it smells amazing and melts everything off.
it's gentle on my skin
has such a soft sugary texture to it
is this a gorgeous product?
it feels completely luxurious.
the smell is just divine.
taking in the aroma
it smells like cocoa
there's also a shimmering element to it
i like the texture of this
bonus it smells like piña coladas
it is luxurious, though.
it is heavily scented.
i liked the texture
