the first week was fine.
the bottle stops delivering the product when there is at least a third left
tried again after a day at the beach
the product firmed my skin like it was supposed to
i tried it during day is was horrible every dirt
it took a while to work
i ended up returning this.
at first i was in love because it was so thick
knocked off two stars for no results even after a period of time
got this in my play box
it did work amazingly when i first used it for the first to around third time
looked at my skin in the morning
when i took it off
i also broke out
the first time i tried it i loved it.
third time i used it i started to notice some texture forming around my lower jaw
in the end i decided this gave me zero benefits
after giving it a shot
finally got my h
tried this mask 2x a week until the entire container ran out
i took it home
finally just used the little sample packet they gave me months back
i followed the directions.
today i tried it
i did find it firmed my skin however i broke out.
when i got this in my play!
when i took the mask off my skin looked
at first i was impressed with the smell then i couldn't get the mask off
i returned this after that.
i received this in my play bag this month.
it had a terrible burning sensation when i first put it on that stopped as it dried down
received this with my play
while it went on nicely
one of the first ingredients
after that my skin returned to normal
seemed extremely sticky as if it sat on top of my skin all day
i found it also left a film
this went never really absorbed into the skin
when i put this on for the first week
however, it started to break me out.
i went through a bottle of this over the summer
i broke out after using this product twice.
this product just falls short.
i found that when i put it on
i ended up returning the product as for the price
i got this with my 100 points
i will say i broke out more while trying the smoke tube i received of it
this broke me out slightly
two of my friends also broke out from using this.
it went on smooth
it made me break out so much that i felt i'd been transported back to 8th grade
the minute i stopped using it
then the headaches started
whatever was left on the ball
i liked that it came in a tube since most eye creams come in a jar
was it started giving me blocked pores
they stopped coming back
it wasn't that dark to start with
i got this with my points.
had to transfer it into a container
i wish i had known about their return policy before i threw it out
i am at the end of the tube
mid-way through the day
i tried this in my play box
this is sealed shut
making a second trip to return this product
i returned them both
i noticed that if i put this on at night
then it was fine
so drove 15 miles to another one
although i loved it at first
sadly, it broke me out so had to take it back.
i put this on at night
after i had it on for a minute i felt a lot of stinging
i would have returned it!
immediately took it off
i've never received the same results as i did in the store
i left a before & after photo to view.
they just fell right off after a very short time
the results don't last
more tired than when i went to bed
after my first use
the next day i had breakouts in the area where the under-eye pads were placed
after trying it for a week i noticed no difference at all
this product gave me pimples where it was applied
i threw it out!
no one has gave me another suggestion on it
i jumped on it
also broke my skin out horribly.
i ended up returning it
i think i’ll survive using it until it’s finished
i got on the computer
i gave it a full week before returning.
it was a big let down
i am in my early 50's
decided to test it out
spurred on by all the hype
after a week i saw no difference
am returning the product
i put it on before i went to bed
when i woke up
for me this was an instant return
i finally broke down
i did the algenist 10-day challenge
i saw this as one of my 10 day sampler options
i fell victim to it myself
have just finished the bottle
i woke up the next day with red
half of it is wasted
it came out like foam
gave this product a shot
s to put on my face then
after using this "mask" it all went wrong
i woke up on the 4th morning with breakouts all over my face
it took about a week to start working
when i went to wash it off it took a while to come off
i left it on for about 5 mins before realizing my mistake
so i just bought my second bottle!
i ran out of my boscia cleanser after the holidays
appears like there is a film left behind
it was so unpleasant i returned it.
my pores have stayed the same
i got this cleanser after it was used on me at the store before a makeover
the first night i patched
third time i did the patches
the fourth time i messed up the placement
since i have a ton left
i returned it to the store.
it went on smoothly
tried it twice then exchanged it for the ole henriksen sheer transformation cream
it took weeks for my skin to go back to normal
my skin reacted horribly to this!
i enjoyed wearing this at night
then proceeded to break out in my t-zone.
either way, i went back to the one with spf.
broke me out over night
it also broke my mom out
i picked this up from the post office today
i am glad i got to try this before i dropped coins on the full product
the one that came in a tube
shortly after it broke me out
i gave it a second try to make sure it was the cause
i gave it 2 months
after about two weeks later when i went back to use it my face broke out in little bumps that just wouldn't go away
i tried on the am
this is the second murad products that's done this
i plan on returing.
i got major break outs still
i got this in my play box.
i got it in playbox
i got this product in the sephora play box.
i received this in my play box
the final verdict came when i rinsed off
got this in my play box.
im almost finished with the mask
it started burning my face after i took it off i washed my face with another product to get ride of the smell very disappointed
i got this in my play box
got this in my latest play!
i received this in my play box
i broke out horribly
the pores stayed the same
it just sat on my skin and never dried down.
i took a step back
saw instant results the next day
i am nearing the end of the container
while this was ok
after i fell in love with it i started realizing it was breaking me out on my cheeks
i am down to the last third of the bottle
i've finally finished the entire bottle after using it consistently
for the first 5 min you have it on
unfortunately after short use, i broke out.
tossed the product after noticing
then i broke out all over
unfortunately, it went back.
it worked great for the first two days
there was a new breakout each day
my reaction after the first use was that my cleanser
when i went to put this on
it made me breakout
i saw this in store
bought it last minute because i had heard such a rave over this br
i felt like it just sat on top of my face
almost immediately my skin started to break out
received this in my play box.
i gave this a try
after using this for two days i started breaking out horribly all over my face
i received this in my play box.
i received this in a play box
had to jump right back in the shower.
until i saw the price
received in my play box.
tried it on my hair first
i decided to first try this in my
it managed to make it both weighed down
after applying the oil to my skin last night
that when i ran out of my face oil i decided to give this a try
by the third day
or maybe i missed it
cools for the first minute
i only read one other review saying the smell happened later however my product smelled immediately after i opened it
i received this in the play box.
after the initial water part evaporated
i got this product
it was amazing the first free days
received in my sephora play!
this barely did anything after the first 5 min
came melted to the top in my playbox so after losing half the product i really wasn't impressed
got this in my play box
i got this in my play!
i found if i swiped it over my foundation
there was a streak left behind
i think my makeup sat well on top of it
got it in my sephora play box
i got this in my play box
i've ended up having to wash my face shortly after because the cheese smell is too much
i tried it when i woke up
didn't fell the depuff effect
felt nice for a second
i'd be lucky for this to last a month.
my second gripe with this product is the fragrance
i will finish the bottle because of the price
my makeup would slide off in half the time
unfortunately i had to returned this product
i picked this up by accident.
especially when i woke up in the morning my face was greasy
i got it in the murad starter kit
the oil level has remained the same
this broke me out horribly
i moved on to another br
after i finished the bottle
i didnt like this at first
it had already caused by entire face to go beat red
misses with this product
gave it another shot
second, this is glorified water.
received this in the play box.
first off- i love masks.
i got this in the sephora play box
came off or how my face felt afterwards
i received this in my play box
got this in my sephora play box as the main attraction
the mask defeats the purpose of using a mask in the first place
this kind of stung my skin at first.
i got it as a part of the playbox
i got it in my play box
received it in my may play box
since this came in my play box i decided to give it a try
when i tried it
it did cut the mask time in half
then the real horror show began
gave away the entire bottle after one use.
this product missed the mark
after a week my face started to break out.
it ended up in the trash yesterday.
i fell in love with the moisturizer from this line
as i continued to use it i started breaking out
as i started using it i noticed that i was starting to breakout which is odd because my face doesn't otfen breakout
that alone ended my use of it
the only thing that changed in my routine was this product
when it was time to reorder last time
s for the first time in years
it caused me to break out like a teenager.
i noticed my face was very red after using it
my skin was finally cleared up
i eventually broke out in acne which hadn't happened in a long time
i returned this one.
this one seemed to fit the bill when i first got it
finally i saw the warning about applying too close to the eye
i returned this item
so i gave it about a half hour to set.
this was a full on burn for the first 15 minutes it was on
i decided to fo ahead
i knew it was because of this product
it broke me out
love the rose night cream
the minute i put this on my face all i could smell was roses
moving into late 20s
i followed all instructions
when it's first applied
the product sat on top of my skin
threw out the rest!
i then switched to the belif aqua bomb
i put this on at night
i found that my foundation went patchy
so i bumped it up to 2 stars.
then it was gone
literally for just a second
this was a part of her routine
it kind of just sat on the skin
ended up giving it to my mom who likes it
for me it was a big flop
it also broke me out.
broke me out at first
after a while i was just putting it on for the sake of it
and on top of that my face broke out like crazy.
it broke me out the next day.
returned to the store very quickly.
it didn't take off what was left
i feel like i got ripped off.
2nd one the same
i gave this time
it caused me to breakout
this one went on smooth
but the smell was just off.
i took it back
ended up returning it
i wish it would have worked--i ended up finding an oil in another br
i took a photo before i started
my skin is in its late 40's
i decided to use it as a night cream since when i opened it i saw that it looked like a very rich product
it felt like it had finally sunk into my skin
when i woke in the morning
it happened every time
i immediately began using it
so since i had a lot left over
i saw something working after i removed them
when i got them out
i decided to get a couple off of the bottom
i left them on for 20 minutes
when the time was up
i traveled with the first set after just the first use-- i loved them
i researched a lot before taking the jump
the gel patches just slid right down my face
didn't stay on at first
i saw that it started to decrease
when i started my
when i woke up this morning i had broken out all over my face
i threw this item in the trash
it broke me out on my forehead where i never breakout
in any event i returned.
i applied it twice before i went to bed
when i woke up the next morning my skin felt dry
stayed on my skin which i liked
i woke up in the morning
i got this as points perk after learning about it from a youtube video
i left it on overnight
could see the mask's solo performance
this product came no where near it's claims.
took it right off.
they just started when i started using this
when i opened the hydrate side i thought they had the wrong labels on
i opened the other side
it was still to much for me when i wore sheer makeup
added a nice finish without being over the top
i wound up returning it
it went on nicely
i like that it went on smoothly
i received it through influenster to try out.
this highlight was sent to me for a trial.
i liked how it came with the lotion in the tube
plus i started breaking out.
it made me breakout
the awful smell last about 30-40 seconds
this cream sat on the top of my skin
while i'm asleep at night?
since it's the last product i use
it was so overpowering that i got a headache every time i wore this
at the end of the day
as soon as it touched my skin my face became very red
for me, it was a 1/5.
i woke up the next morning
i ended up returning the product
i wanted to give 4 stars
then i broke out for the first time in years
i went through the entire jar
at first i was drawn to this
i tried this one night
then again the following morning
had to for this one
i put it on in the morning
following with their oil
when i woke up the next day
waited until they cleared
not worth a third attempt especially since i haven't had a major breakout in years before this
so i returned this product.
when i returned the product the sephora employee even admitted it did not work for her
i ended up going with this
i gave it about 3 weeks to see if it just took some time
it went on okay
my face has stopped breaking it
went to the store smelled it and it wasn't bad.
threw it away immediately
then my dog came up
maybe it was the airplane flight
the can fizzled out or something
the first use broke me out pretty badly
it broke me out
it broke me out
my skin reacted badly to this
the product left a film
at first i thought i didn't follow the instructions right
had to take it off
my eyes looked the same.
i picked this product up on a whim during the vib sale
what drew me to it was the "2 phase" combination that was to provide radiance
later in the day my pores looked bigger
i returned the product.
the second ingredient is alcohol denat.
i received this in my play box
i received this with points
showed results right away
a return as the bottle was half filled
it ended up being very disappointing
first of all, the smell is very off-putting.
got this as a 100 point reward.
then took it off 5 minutes later because the smell didn't fade
got it as a reward
the deal breaker was the smell
when i tried it the first thing i noticed was the glitter
it broke me out around my nose
i broke out a lot after using this cleanser.
i tried this 2 days in a row
it took me a long time to go through
there was barely enough for me to lone both top lids of my eyes before it ran out
even putting it on first thing in the morning
i gave this a try
it was either broken
i am almost out of it
it just ended up disappointing me over time
luckily i only fell for this product once
was glad when i came to the end of the small pot
unfortunately prolonged use broke me out
i went to sephora to exchange it
after using it for about a week i realized i started getting texture all over my face
i got this in a gift set.
i put it in on in the morning
this one falls short to me for them br
it made me get oilier as the day went on.
tried it for two weeks until it ran out
i wouldn't suggest buying before smelling it in store first
all in all i have returned
loved this at first
was shocked that it broke me out
every time i touched my face
when i finished the small jar
when i tried it
decided to switch to this one since it had spf
it broke me out
i finally realized it was this moisturizer
found out this was what they came up with
i got the small thing with the 100 pts
thought that was it
i got this in exchange for 100pts.
figured this would be a double win
i brought it home yesterday
it immecitaly slipped out of my h
as i was trying to pump
i sent him a picture of the tube.
i'll pass on this one.
fragrance in this product broke me out so badly
i tried it on the back of my h
when i got home
this guy just missed the mark
i tried using it when it came in the sephora play
i did feel like my skin perked up
sat on the surface of my skin
tried this on in the store when it came out on the back of my h
i received this is my play box
i couldn't finish this
the end result was the complete opposite
the only issue for me was that it ran out so quick
i love their whole rose line!
when it happened for the seventh time i attempted using the product- i had to come to terms this was wasted money
at first i liked it
the first time i thought it was hormones or something
noticed the zits came back
i've finished the whole bottle to see if there was any difference
took my a good 2 weeks to realise it was this serum who was messing with my skin
this product seemed light
it ended up being an epic fail
since she seemed to think the product i was using
when i first opened the package
haven't attempted it since
i took this on vacation
as the hours went by
once it was on it had a burning sensation
immediately returned it upon coming home
was tough to put on
really loved this the first couple of weeks i was using it
got this in a kit and wanted it to work.
i kept it because i like the cooling sensation for when i first wake up
won't repurchase once finished.
i almost purchased it initially because i liked the way that it glided on
was super stoked to see this on the shelf
then it became red.
how it looks in the morning
i upped my application to 2x per day
this one got returned
tried it on my face
ended up breaking my chest out really bad
it also broke me out like crazy
i tried it out on the back of my h
when i actually wore it...it did nothing for me.
so the minute this came out
unfortunately, this went back to the store.
waited for this to arrive back in stock.
i returned the product.
also, the pump broke.
this broke me out.
towards the 4th time
so back it went
this one was a let down for me.
sephora graciously took it back.
it sat on top of my face
final step after cleansing
when sephora started carrying it i had to try it.
the first week of use my skin did peel slightly which i was fine with
after that i started breaking out
i stopped using it for a week then went back to it
i broke out again
so i gave tundra chaga a shot.
i started breaking out
it's only stopped after i stopped using this product
i received this in a sephora favorites box
it was all dried out when i opened it up
i tried this mask
product went on well
gave it a 2 thumbs up and went on about my day.
i happened to go into the restroom about 2 hours later
i looked like someone had taken a skin oil
back to sephora it went the next day.
my foundation slid all over the place throughout the day
i gave this a fair shot
almost like it was cracking
i returned this one.
didn't work well prior to foundation
thanks for playing cover fx.returned.
cover fx really missed a mark on this
an hour later i looked in the mirror
on top of foundation-- the result was unfortunately the same
this is actually the first product that i've returned to sephora
i tried it on top of foundation
this product was okay when mixed in with my foundation
it's been a total hit
last time i tried it to blot over the foundation
i returned it to the store, it was not for me.
this product was returned.
it failed on every level
the day i wore it
i also saw this in tati's
i did my make up this morning
i tried using it over my foundation like i saw in tatis video which didn't work at all
my skin almost seemed to look
just tried this today
then throughout the day i was outside
it actually took off my makeup
i returned it to sephora the next day.
i did all three together
it looks like it works for the first hour
after using it for 4 days straight my skin was breaking out
after about 3 days my skin went back to normal
since it broke my skin out after consistent use
first time was amazing
stayed well under makeup
until i finally gave up on it
i swear every morning i woke up after using this over night you could see my two fine lines more than i did before i went to bed
i saw no difference after using this product
within that week my face completely broke out
first day or two i absolutely loved it until like day 3 of using it when i started breaking out
at first i couldn't figure out why i was breaking out then i stopped using it for a couple days
just kind of sat on top of the skin
then my face started to sting
gave into the hype
at first i thought this was a good moisturizer
right up until i started breaking out from it
this was the wrong way for me to first experiment with
gave me some breakouts
i liked this at first because it took felt like it gave my face a deep clean
this was one of them
it went well for the first 4-6 days.
after the first week though, i was breaking out.
it was back to normal
it was drying and it broke me out.
when i came to see about buying more
tacked two stars off for price
i tried this both with
it made me breakout
i received this in my play box.
i knew i wasnt going to like it when the product came out
i gave it a shot
i put it on in the car
a friend got into the back seat 45 minutes later asking me what smelled so good
i ended up breaking out
it lingered throughout the day
i received this in a play box a while ago
have finally tried it
then the breakouts started
i tried it on the back of my h
received this in my play!
i received this in my sephora play box
then threw it into a pot
got this in my play box.
this is my second disappointment from this br
i received it in my play box
i received this product in this month's play
it also wore off after a few hours then i felt dry
i received this in my play box
it broke my skin out like crazy
it was okay at first
later in the day i kept asking myself what that awful smell was
i got this in my play box
my face started to break out
got this in my play bag
broke my face out so bad
was a miss for me
i second the fact that the smell is
i received this in my sephora play box for march
i wore this in the daytime and at night.
it's a winner for evening looks
i got in the my play box this month
loved it when i first tried it
i broke out around my nose
when i wore it under my foundation my skin looked even better than when i wore primer
i received this in my play box.
from back in the 70s
i got this in my sephora play box for march
i dropped $115 and it does nothing.
ended up on the floor
i gave this a fair chance
i decided to try this when i ran out of my fab cleanser
i quickly returned this product
passed this his way
i received it in my sephora play box
it made me breakout.
at first i loved it!
i noticed that i started breaking out
i bumped off two stars because of the packaging.
the entire cap broke off
i broke out bad btw: has a lot of fragrance
at first i liked this product
i dropped it the first time i picked it up though
i swear every time i opened it up some of it had evaporated
tossed it after two uses
i couldn't bring myself to use it a third time
my skin looked the same
when i first put this on
received it in my sephora play box.
despite the initial matte finish
i gave it a fair shot
i got this in my play box.
i got this is in my sephora play box
got this in my play box
which really ticked me off seeing as how i got this exact same thing as a sample like last year
gave it another chance
i got this in my play box
there was no product inside
i got this product in my sephora play box
i received this in my play box
tried it for the first time today
once the powder had settled
i received this in my play by sephora box.
as the day has progressed if i run my h
at first i thought would like this because the cream was thick
went on so smooth
it was during last days of october when it starts getting cold
i got this in a sephora play box a while ago.
it broke my skin out after two/theee uses.
then ended up wasting my money
i received this in my play box
i believe this product broke me out
i received this in my sephora play box
it was fine until the morning after
it broke me out
when i stopped using this the pimples went away.
this started to happen after the third time i used it
i should have returned it the minute i sensed its inefficiency
it just sat on top of my skin
this product made me break out
i got this in my play box.
my friend could smell me when i walked in the room
the second issue was that it broke out my sensitive skin after the first wear
made me break out
after my first time trying this product at night i woke up with 4 pimples
this made me breakout all over
got this in the play box
i received this in my play box
tried it out for 2 days before my chin broke out
i got this in my play box
i received this in my play box.
felt like it just sat on my skin
i got this in my sephora play
however, it broke me out horribly.
when this came out at the store i was like
i received this in my play box
tried it as a night cream
into the garbage this went.
i went into sephora to grab a couple of moisturizer samples yesterday
this was was so bad looked like a glitter bomb went off on my face
when i walked out in the sun i looked like a 13 year old kid who had experimented with body glitter for the first time
after a third use i broke out on my cheeks
felt after trying this on my h
the first day of wear
i wore no makeup cause i wanted to test it out first
it looked like i was st
i returned this product.
i decided to finish the whole bottle
i am sad that i threw away the original package along with the receipt
it broke me out
i tried it with
i am starting to break out
that was the last straw for me.
did not help one bit when it came to oil control
i saw a difference underneath my foundation.
it wasn't until after i used setting powder that i didn't look like i had been sweating for an hour at the gym
trying it before diving in for the purchase
i wore this moisturizer on a day i knew i was gonna be wearing makeup to see if it helped keep my oils at bay
i fell in love with both the packaging
then i tried it... and was let down.
which is why i gave it three stars
unfortunately it broke me out
it wasn't even close
am sending this back
i started breaking out
i ran out like maybe a week ago
when i got it in the mail
the entire stick came off with the cap
went to the store to pick another one up
i noticed that i started to break out horribly
i got this in my play box
i felt like i had put s
i got this in my sephora box
i went through this super fast
i received this in my play box last month.
i got this in my play box
i received this in my sephora play box
this one was a miss for me
it took me 20 mins
returning it first thing tomorrow
it took a minute to apply
rolled on my skin
the first thing that hits you is the smell of alcohol
the first time i tried this
the rest was horrible
it just sat on top of my skin with this greasy residue that never left
i got the same results
i would have returned it
i stuck with it for a month
the first day it felt fine
the second day i started to notice bumps on my cheeks
the third day i started breaking out
skin broke out very badly
this product was sent to me for free.
had high hopes when i put it on
'll give it a second star
sent this one back after a week of use
at first it seemed like it did help
the jar seemed to be missing about a 1/4 of the product
i gave it another chance
the night i received it
after all the trouble of first getting the product out
after such a disappointing first use
i decided to finish my routine
i got this as a 100 point reward.
on the pro side
i tried the sink, i tried it in the shower.
i received this in my play!
i received this in my play!
just took too long for a product i wanted to use for morning
my skin began to tingle almost immediately
unfortunately my skin broke out after a couple of uses
this product broke me out
i got this in my playbox
got this in sephora play!
i like putting it on first, before my primer.
i started out loving this product i received in my sephora play
i received this in my sephora play box
i received this in my august play box
i noticed that i started breaking out there
i didnt think it was this product at first
i got this in my play box
from the play box
this product confirmed i was on the right track
the first thing i noticed when putting it on was that it wreaked of alcohol
i like the way it went on to my skin
by the end of the day
i got this in my playbox this month
then began to breakout from that as well
i got this in my box this month
recently got this in my play box
it's 2 hours after i put this on
the only product this spot was this
this product was the only chance to my routine
took a nap for a couple hours
got this in my play!
i received this in my play by sephora box
then later in the day i noticed my skin looked way drier than usual
i ended up returning it.
i never turned back
i ended up returning this the next day.
shortly after application i noticed that my skin felt very dry
it made the foundation slide
this was before i even got to work
just ended up returning it
it was a return for me
i returned this after a week.
had to return this one .
this one missed the mark for me
throughout the day my makeup just slid off my face even w/ primer n set the foundation
this flared it up.
i tossed the multiple samples i have left in my stash away after the second time i used the first packet
i broke out into horrible
about 30 seconds after application
didn't realize this was a roller ball
i looked the same after i put it on as i did before i put it on
final day the middle thing kept getting stuck
i threw it out, it was a total waste of money.
i opened it up
i just dropped like two drops on my acne
the oil sat on my face and never really absorbed.
it made me breakout
i tried it with my foundation
it sat on my skin for hours
i went through 2/3 of this
i got them all back by this
i might as well finish the bottle since i paid for it
i found that i was breaking out more
my skin went haywire
i ended up returning it.
about 2 hours later i went to the restroom at work
i am still breaking out at the same rate
broke me out worse
it broke me out worse than i was before i started using it
then it broke me out horribly i tried using a little bit
i just put it on for the second time
it took my skin a good 1-2 weeks to recover
it seemed to sink after i applied it
received in my play box
received in my sephora play box.
i received this in my play box.
i got this in my sephora play box
the only missing would be the smell
plus when i looked up the price - woah.
tight within the first 30 seconds
when i went to wash it off it took almost 20 minutes to get the last of it off my skin
then i went to rinse.
the next day i woke up
miss as with the rose mask
i ended up returning the product because the tool scared me
i did think it was firming.
by the end of the work day
my makeup still slid off my face
the smell overpowered me
i ended up returning this after the sales person recommended it to me
even with me adding a second moisturizer to it
gave me a headache would of gave a 5 if it didnt smell so bad
this product fell flat.
the second ingredient is alcohol
just finished using it.
just finished an old bottle
so the product was set up for failure from the beginning
i noticed the first time
waited the 25 minutes to peel it off
my face looked unchanged
they kept bringing it back
i went to my local sephora
it was good at first
after about a month my skin went back to before
when i get a breakout
late this summer i started getting r
my skin was sorta clear before i started using it
made me break out
i ended up returning it for another product
i threw it away :(
i followed the directions
immediately my skin started to feel like it was on fire
ended up with an irritated
i received this in my play box
so this was a win-win for me
i tried this last saturday night while i was having a lazy night in
it stayed red the entire day
thought i'd try it out since i'm came in my play box
trickled in my eyes
i already had a million masks waiting to be used though so when this was a $25+ promo item i jumped at the chance to get it
everything about it drew me in
it's been 10 minutes since i took it off
when i first opened the packaging i was really blown away
everything went downhill from there.
i picked up the facewash when the one from my set ran out
the tube came about half full
i would be walking around an hour after applying this to my face thinking that the dog had an accident in the house
the first time i opened it i could completely squeeze the tube together
i gave it a try
unfortunately, i ended up returning it.
ended up returning this
i received this with the item being half empty.
wasted points on this one trying to get the original
then use this to "finish it off"
i just found it in a drawer
the next morning after i applied it my face had completely broken out
the first time i squeezed two pumps
the second i put it on i could smell it.
i returned it in store.
perfect timing on delivery- got home
was initially put off by the awkward smell
i tried this product yesterday for the first time
finally got a trial size of it
t's like early winter now
my skin looked horrible for days after.
i took it back :(
i gave this 2 tries
when she did a test on my h
tried it on my face
the one thing i hated was the residue left on my face afterwards
i followed instructions anyway
had a huge breakout the next day
when i first got this i ripped it open
i broke out the next day
fingers crossed that i don't breakout!
tried it last night
it felt the same way it started as i was taking it off
after i took it off
this mask fell flat for me
i broke out horribly after a day or two
gave it a try tonight
i directly went back home
opened that little jar
i tried it this morning
i went trough the whole bottle
used it until it was finished
i found this was a waste of my time
i followed the instruction
i followed the instructions
i just finished my last mask in the package
a week or so later i began breaking out in a huge way
i knew this was it
after going through over half the bottle
i will finish it
at first, i thought it was a fluke.
brought it out again recently
then this second in order to get my makeup off
then i noticed that it seemed almost a third gone when i'd only used it a h
i ended up using the whole bottle in a month.
then decided to give it another shot
when it arrived it immediately paired it with my clarisonic
to put my theory to the test the fourth day i didn't use this cleanser
eye cream before applying this as my final step
i returned this product
i ended up returning it.
it would hurt if i smiled or opened my mouth.
was just left feeling mehh
i received this in my sephora play!
box and finally got around to trying it.
when i saw this br
on the third day i had six
i tried this product when it first launched
i've tried it two nights in a row
when i received it
it looked like some product had been poured out
i returned it almost immediately.
i also began breaking out after using it
i returned it after a week!
it's cc cream i picked up on the same day
i only gave this product an extra star
when i tried it
but i set myself up for disappointment.
almost as if it had been opened
my only complaint is it ran out quickly
since i gave up on st
i tried it out
this one just missed the mark for me so while i will use it all
it still broke me out
then looked at the ingredients
at first i chalked it up to stress
had a bad break out the next morning
woke up the following day with a severe break out
it broke my skin out
the product came out separated
i ended up returning it.
the one i received was really watery
it kept shooting blanks most of the time when oil wasn't coming out
went in and an employee showed me this primer.
i liked it on the back of my h
tried it at home it was the complete opposite
it made my top half greasy
my foundation sank into every pore
then was moved all around by the sponge
if i had kept the box
i would have returned this
i saw no results.
i even took before pictures each week to see if there was an improvement in my dark circles
i went thru the 7 day challenge
for some reason it was leaving a fine film
deepened from when i was using the fresh one
saw no chance after a week of use
i went through the entire jar
went in to buy a good eye cream had my eyes set on something from algenist
which i am returning
i went through a whole one of these
it made me breakout
i gave it a fair shot
i broke out like crazy
almost finished the jar
i just threw away two samples of this mess.
picked my head back up
i left this stuff on for thirty minutes to give it a fair shot
first let me start off by saying the positives.
got the same result
tried this cream for the first time and hate it.
i started breaking out
but it ended up making mine worse.
however i just didn't feel like it ever sank in.
it was recommded to my at sephora
it led me to break out
for me it fell through on its main promise
hopelessly returned it after it did not work even the second week
this one went back!
before i took it back
broke me out horribly.
it only sat on top of the moisturizer
it's too late to return it.
unfortunately i broke out in my t-zone after using it
i first tried this due to all the hype
i decided to give it a shot
at this point in my life
when i stumbled across this product
my first use of this product was a success
one of them broke my face out like crazy
when i got this, boy did i love it.
this was the only thing i had added to my routine
i took it off immediately
i tried it out
i gave it to my husb
he had the same problem
it just felt like i had a film over the top of my face
and then i started to break out.
this was a miss for me
i immediately stopped using
in the morning i woke up
i returned this product.
i decided to take the leap
which is why i gave it 2 stars
i broke out the next day
it took a lot of product to move around
after following the directions
i received this one as a points redeem
i got this as a 100 point reward
it took off my makeup
that was fine with me
it felt as if there was a film left on my face when i was done
based off that alone i returned.
i went back to a cleanser i knew would melt off
the break outs also stopped
got this in a set over the holidays
i gave it one star for the texture
i am in my late 20s
the first time i tried it
i put it on lastnight before bed
when i woke up in the morning
it stayed dewey all day
as soon as i opened the bottle it smelled horrible
i could only use this for two nights because the smell was making me nauseas i ended up returning it
that made me break out
my eyes started water shortly after applying
the dryness came back
in fact made me break out
pieces of dead skin came off on my h
at the end of the day
then later in the day my skin felt super greasy.
this one was bad
i went on a first date after putting this on
then went into the bathroom
looked like i was sweating.
looked at the ingredients
the first is water
i am returning this
this broke me out like crazy
i received this duo from influenster
i took the travel size with me on vacation
i followed the directions
but i kept on.
based on the quiz i took
i gave this product to my husb
i loved it at first
i decided to go back to my previous routine
just because i broke out from this product
i received this set from influenster
i got this from influenster to test out.
the bar part was ok
this was just took much and took some time.
i recieved this to try from influenster
i ran into trouble with the bar.
i got to try this for free from influenster
i got this through influenster
i got this product from influenster.
i received this in an influenster box.
the cleansing oil in this duo broke me out
made me breakout the next day
i received this to try from influenster.
stopped using them waited a week
over all this was ok.
i followed the directions of oil first
i received this set for free in an influenster voxbox
i did like using the system before my face went crazy
i went back to water
i got this for free from influenster.
this was so foul that i got a headache while i had it on
after opening the package i unintentionally yelled "agghh"
the next day i saw no changes in my skin.
while the water was running
i couldn't get passed the smell
on the third day i went to put it on
the same thing happened
this is the second time i'm reviewing this product
got this as a 100point reward
it took a while for my h
when i went outside
i threw it away as soon as i got home.
i got the trial size with reward points.
gave it 3 stars because my skin looked okay after using foundation over it
just got ambushed with it
i got it as a 100 point reward.
big disappointment i couldn't believe it i ended up just throwing it away
i got this as a reward from my beauty points it was a complete waste
i tried it for the first time this morning
i saw myself before going to work
when i looked in the mirror i gasped so loudly my boyfriend came running in
i took a glimpse in the mirror afterward
when i put in on one morning in poor lighting i liked how it looked s
luckily tried it out in the evening after i was home for the night
the second i stepped into daylight
when i initially applied this to the back of my h
he was dead right
broke me out so badly all over
my makeup wore awful after about 3 hours
i tried it on my face the following morning
at first i did
i scrubbed last night
before it came in i went to sephora
the smell i had to return it
which i found was the most disappointing one out of all of the lancôme products i received to try
i actually received this from influenster
i got this in my influenster voxbox for free
received was almost empty
it went on smooth
i returned the product
i tried to push through it for a week
i tried it in the morning
i should have returned it.
i am on my late 20's
i ended up having to use another moisturizer on top of it
at first i thought i loved it!
did not use a second night.
tried it on my h
from the first moment i put it on
was really turned off by the smell
i can't remember the last time i gave something a one star review
sadly this product broke me out
after 7 days i saw no difference in my skin
i just recently tried his ferulic pads
in the morning my face was clear
just sat on top of it
i got this primer in my play box
at first i hated it
it gave the same result
i even looked good without makeup when i wore it
i got this in my play box this month.
made me break out.
this was my fav i already went through one bottle
this is the first
another 5 mins went by and i couldn't stand it.
to my horror my face went instantly broke out all over
unfortunately it broke me out.
after that i returned it, has a nice smell though
i fell in love with the scent
i wore it on its own
i decided to buy it last week since summer is around the corner
i put it on the first day
i ended up returning it
when i woke up in the morning
i returned the product
i returned it the next day
although i found that it left a film on my skin afterwards
though after only one use it broke me out
i just followed with my usual night time routine.
figured i'd give this a shot
i got this item in my play!
got it in my play box.
i got this in my playbox.
i received this product on my sephora play box.
i decided to try it last night.
half of my face was red
i just ended up returning it
my face looked the same, it felt the same.
i ordered this mask the second i laid eyes on it.
at first i thought i got expired product.
ended up ruining some tried
stopped wearing it, and they went away.
it made me break out
sadly after the 3rd time trying it i've realized it was causing my breakouts
my face went back to normal
it just sat on top.
broke me out so badly.
got this in my play box
i got this product in my sephora box
i definitely broke out after using it
at first i loved it
i loved this when i got it in my play box
i got this in my sephora play box.
it just sat on the surface of my skin
got this in my play box
immediately fell in love with it
it went on nicely
i got it in my playbox
i then tried a second layer
my skin started to sting seconds after i applied this
took about a week to recover
got this in my playbox
i came upon this on the website "byrdie"
when i stopped using it after a week my skin became better
got this in my play box.
that is why i gave it 3 stars :
when i saw this stick
my foundation just slid right off
the parts that didn't slide off were patchy
stick arrived in good condition
ended up returning it!
when i first opened it a bunch of product spilled out
nothing i did worked to control the oil that takes over half way through my day
it took my makeup off
i gave up 500 points for this set
i got this as part of my 500 pt set
i went through a bottle of this.
left it on for 20 minutes
at first i felt a little tingling sensation that went away shortly after
this "facial" broke me out the second day i used it
the oil sat on my face
since this has both i had high hopes
i got pink, but it went away.
i put in on and it began to sting.
within 30 seconds, my face was on fire.
i just returned this product today.
when i put this on my skin i immediately turned red
they missed the mark
then my foundation n realized it was the boscia
every time i went back tsubaki swirl broke me out again
i gave it a week
1 star for the little spoon that was provided
i ended up returning this.
i slightly broke out because it was nourishing at all
another hyped up product.
i recommend starting there first.
i broke out big time
i enjoyed the way that my skin looked after using this
gave this product 2 weeks to show improvement on my skin
when i put this in the morning, it breaks me out.
i started to notice my skin was at its best when i wake up then break out in the afternoon
broke me out all over
after the first use
i broke out all over my face
when i woke up the next morning the skin looked bright
the first thing i noticed was how heavy it was
it made me greasy and broke me out.
kept trying it out thinking it would get better overtime
ended up returning it
it caused me to break out
i continued to break out
unfortunately for me after a week of using it my skin was super broken out
my face was tore up
ceo broke me out so bad
i tried to push through
so when this came out i scooped it up
it did an awesome job at separating my foundation though after four hours of wear time
the next morning my skin looked flat
this one just missed the bar for me.
since it was so hyped up
i ended up retuning the product.
i received this in my may play box
taking it back today
then it just stopped working
i felt tight immediately.
i am returning it.
i grabbed this for the price
i went back to using the cleanser
it just froze whatever breakouts i had
the second time however
i will finish the product
i stopped using it and returned it!
i broke out for the first time in years
the rest of my skin routine has remained the same
i find that i'm not grabbing this one as a first choice
i started breaking out
then when i looked at the ingredients
i actually threw it away before i even finished it
did nothing listed in description- returned.
this product undid months worth of progress
the same thing happened
the perk came in a tube
am on the fence about it
tried it before my makeup
when when you did put my foundation on top
it broke me out
it resulted in break outs
i ended up returning this cleansing oil.
this was my first cleansing oil
when i received it
after using it for a week i noticed two chunks of my lashes fell out
i returned it right away!
it was out of stock
i hoped at first it was a good thing
the flaking appeared again after about a week
i don't return things but i returned this.
which is why i gave it three stars
sadly this broke me out
i applied it at night before bed
it was still oily in the morning when i woke up
this was after 4+weeks of pm usage
had high hopes for this br
it did the complete opposite
it broke me out badly
it made me break out :
i just started breaking out again after
sorry, but this was a total miss for me.
days i wore makeup, it slid off.
it just stopped working on my skin
it did the complete opposite
this missed the mark by a long shot
will finish this bottle then return to water drop
i tried it again a second time
unfortunately it broke me out.
once my oil production began 3-4 hours later this felt heavy on my skin
it took me a good 2 weeks to control all the break out
i got this with my beauty points.
this was the only product of the three i received for free from influenster in return for my honest review that i wasn't super jazzed about
probably gave me less time before my foundation broke down than with other products i like
i received this to try
i ran out of my usual
i returned it and went back to my origins ginzing
i think it would be a great eye cream for someone in their late teens early 20s
i wasn't sure it was this at first
i immediately returned it.
my face was an oil slick by the end of the day
i returned it after trying it for a week.
i tried the on at a sephora last year
which is why it drew me in
had to wash off after 20 minutes.
consistency however i broke out within a week of use
i received this in my sephora play
t's more just trying to get ahead of the game
i felt like an oil slick in the morning
was so upset when i opened it
it was half to 3/4 empty tube!
when i saw the sephora play july video
it blew me away
i wanted to try it out since it came in my playbox
this one went back to the store
all except the parts that broke out
this product broke me out badly
instagram really pulled me into this product.
it just broke me out
had to return the product.
it gave me milia.
it just sat on my face all day
returned it after one use.
plus it broke me out
which is when i just settled to putting it on alone
the product started spoiling
even when i returned it
this is basically just rose hip oil.
it should have stayed on ig
the oil just sat on my face
ended up bringing it back
ended up spending over $65 when all was said
i always ended up the same way
it made me break out
i tried it on before putting on my foundation.
it had to be returned.
i fell victim to the hype surrounding this product
when i tried it on my hand at sephora i loved it.
but in 2 days i broke out!
overall i tried everything with this
tried to give it multiple chances
so saw this on instagram a million times
i ended up returning it after trying it.
immediately commented on it first time i wore it
was left in utter disappointment
after a months use i gave up on it
i lose the rose gold one
it broke me out
it broke up my foundation
i tried to use it as a st
it just sat on top of my skin
my makeup didn't last all day
made me break out after one day of use!
this thing broke me out.
made me break out
the moment i opened the bottle
i actually liked the rose gold elixer when i tried it
i took it back.
went right back to the store
sephora got it in first
ended up looking like i left a strip club
it did last all day
it broke me out all over
did nothing for me, over hyped, i returned this.
i returned it and opted for the rose gold eilxir.
slid around without tugging
i think they missed the mark here
when i saw this come out i knew i had to try it
i am returning this and going back to my sorbet.
first of all i'm a big boscia fan.
walk outside my face looks like i just ran a marathon
this was another miss for me as it caused a breakout that completely cleared within a week
trying this after two days i noticed all of my makeup was off halfway through the day
it broke me out!!
it went on smoothly
when i first started using this i immediately loved it
also took all of the oil off.
it broke me out so bad
i will finish this bottle
when taking the price in onsideration
well when i used it in the morning yes it looked like my black heads were gone
when i saw this
this new cream broke me out immediately
the only tatcha product i have ever returned.
so when i received this mask in the mail i was excited until i opened the box
i broke out almost immediately
really was not a fan, returned this product.
this one was a major let down
i woke up the next morning
i leaned over to pick something up
the whole mask fell off
it took me 8 minutes just to make it stay on my face
fell on the ground
when i put it on my face i noticed there were 2 whole in it
i took my time with it
my face looked like it was threatening to break out
gave me an instant headache :
i saw this floating around on instagram
this gave me no problems at all
but it more then fell short for my skin.
i kept the mask on for 20 minutes
it disintegrated before i could even get it on my face
jart rubber masks when they first came out
the packing definitely grabbed my attention
cooling while i wore it for about 40 mins
after i took the mask off
i just decided to throw away a piece that ripped off
i followed the directions on the package
after the mask came off it was just disappointing
the mask when i pulled it out was ripped in multiple places
like someone sat on it
the rubber masks tore both times i've used them
the breakouts i've been getting stopped
the cream went on smooth and felt nice initially.
when i woke up in the morning i had a greasy film covering my face
i looked up why my skin may have reacted
all they did was pack on the oil
just left an film on it
to begin with i was running late to work
since i was running late i left it like that
is broke me out
i then went ahead
after a week of using it i noticed my skin began to react to it
the only thing i had changed in my routine was the incorporation of the water cream
decided to pick one up
was sliding off my face at the end of the day
when i picked at them
it was water that came out
i started breaking out
i went through every last drop of this serum
after the first night of use
i used it again the second night
i did not notice any differences after i finished an entire bottle
it broke up my makeup
i ended up returning it
so i gave it a go.
this is my second review.
i gave it three stars because i couldn't use it
i even followed the directions in the video
i looked in the mirror mid day today
actually have finished a tube of this eye cream already
as soon as i stepped outside into the heat
at first, i loved it.
this is getting returned.
it is breaking me out
i broke out around my nose
i picked this up at the last sephora rouge shopping event
i came home after the first day of using it to find a huge amount of product had leaked out cus i hadn't closed it tight enough
i lost half the bottle to the leaking cap
then my sister sat it up on the cap in our bathroom without noticing
i lost half of what was left
i even double-checked that i had closed it properly
i broke out so
like haven't broken out that bad since before i started using their products
it was super upsetting when i woke up with a ton of zits after using this 2-3 times
they responded telling me to return my product
made me break out
purchased this during the rouge early release
went back to my normal one
first time it happened
i made sure the cap "clicked" when i closed it
picked this up during a vib event
gave it to my mom to try just in case
after the second time my face felt irritated
given my love for their products i jumped at the chance to buy this cleanser during the vib rouge early access event
then i started breaking out.
i actually just threw them both away today which i hated
since it was the only thing i had changed
my skin went back to normal
i will finish using this one
when i first saw this mask, i know i needed this.
the mask made me breakout.
my face broke out only where i applied this mask
looked at the description closer
when i saw this mask on sale
after just the first application
it took me 4 minutes
tried it at home
never ran it under water
i opened it per the directions
i ended up tossing after a week.
in the end i had to return it
when i came back to it in a few days the bag would have foam in it
i jumped on this when the description mentioned it comes with a case
first off, there is no case.
picked this one up today
when i first put it on it tingled
once i took off the mask my face was left red
caused me to break out
during the night i got up
i looked in the mirror
in the morning i had trouble getting all of the flakes
description pulled me in
so when i finally came across it in store
i returned this right away.
immediately put it in my shopping bag
unfortunately it broke me out
when i woke up i had not-so-perfect skin
back to the store it went!
or as a 10 minute mask
i returned this to sephora the other day
the check-out lady looked at me like i was nuts
nights as my first step
got this as part of a vib gwp
resumed my usual routine
after the first use
this product broke me out.
ended up with bumps no thanks
this product comes in second for me
i accidentally grabbed this instead of an eye cream
ended up returning the product to the store.
had to return this because it made my
the rest lacked in showing up
when i first started using it
i began breaking out
this was the first time i ordered this product.
no reaction in first week
this morning was my first time using it
i broke out from this product.
break out like it was the end of the world
i felt like when i wore this under make up
returned it because i couldn't st
i waited 20 min before going to bed
it just broke me out!
unfortunately it broke me out
this product unfortunately broke me out
when i tried it a second time i tried putting on a thicker layer
i returned so fast
when i first put it on
when i awoke in the morning i found that my lips were not "baby soft" as promised
i put this on and woke up feeling the same.
i finally started using regular aquaphor from drugstore
did not last through the night
after two days it broke me out
then i broke out in little red dots with this being the only thing that changed i my regimine
when my product ran out i switched to philosophy's purity made simple
it felt amazing the first day
it broke my face out within a day
each time i broke out all over my face
healthy the first day i tried it
i broke out all over my face- more spots than i had when i was 16
ended up returning it because it just didn't work for my dry
i ended up breaking out because of it.
night since it arrived
when i saw this new product
the first thing i did was to read the ingredients
it was just fine
i just felt like it sat on my skin
i opened the jar when i received it
this is the first time i've reacted with one
by the next morning acne flared up as if i was a teenager again
so this is just my first impressions
i followed the instruction
it made me break out after one use
when i first tried it
i broke out all over my t-zone!
i gave it 3 stars because of the packaging.
as soon as this product launched on the sephora website i snagged it
i just finished my 3rd mask
i loved the promise it came with
literally every time i wore it
when i first put this on
for the amount i spent i was very surprised at how small the tube was when it arrived
i love first aid
i just tried it on for the first time.
i ended up returning it
i got this in a free trial from influenster
it broke me out so bad.
well instead it broke me out
that could have also been due to returning from vacation as my skin cleared up by the end of the trial
i've tried much better serums for a fourth of the price
it was my first clarins product
i opted for the morning.
i decided to try in the morning first
just sat on top of my skin instead
this was the only product that had changed
immediately after open the packet i was hit with an over powering almost rose scent
i got this as a 7 day trial from influenster
i almost felt as if i was putting perfume on my face
i immediately was turned off by the way you open each sample
product did not win me over
i tried this day 1.
same happened on day two.
when i woke up in the morning my skin felt so much softer
after using it for two days i broke out pretty bad
i put this on day and night, nothing happened.
i will finish the bottle
ended up going to the drugstore
woke up , the bumps were still there .
i tried again the following day .
i started having some skin reaction
in fact it sat on top my skin
caused me to break out
it at first dragged me to buy it because of the caffeine boost
loved the results when i woke up
it caused break outs for me
after about twenty minutes of wearing it i went to put moisturizer on
i gave 3 stars because it did support cell turn over
this had a smell i just cldn't st
resumed my regular routine
however broke me out
when i got it in the mail
i would wake up the next morning as if i went to bed the night before without putting anything on
maybe that is partly why i broke out
i've started to break out more
i tried this cleanser and returned it.
i'll finish the bottle before i make a new purchase
tried this from the traveling wonders set.
when i first put on this product in the morning it works great
this sat on my skin
took a while to sink in
i saw no results from using this at night
this broke up my makeup when i applied it in the morning
i tried it before my makeup
i put it on before bed at night for a week
i liked how it glided on
which is why i gave this product 3 stars
however, the very next day i broke out.
this is the second time i've tried this moisturizer
i started to put my foundation on
overall i don't see myself purchasing this once the trial size i have is finished
i will finish the jar
until i noticed that it was really drying out my skin if i missed a day
at first things were ok.
i just recently broke out so bad
then i wore it in the morning
came home from work
am nearing the end of the bottle
looked like i had chunks on my face
i received this from my reward points
at first i liked this product
this product broke me out
i put this on at night
and was broken out the whole time.
sat well under my makeup
am about half way done with the bottle
it is now fourth on the new package.
woke ip the next morning with what looked like big bites on my face
only a couple when i woke up
as the day went on more
i saw some reviewers said it pilled when they wore makeup
went back to purchase a bottle
ended up returning the bottle in its unopened package lol
i started to break out!
i got this in my sephora play box.
i got it with a trio that also contained a night gel
i tried the trio.
it broke skin out very badly
saw this happened to a lot of people
i still took the risk
i just finished the bottle
i fell in love with this moisturizer as soon as i sampled it
after i put it on
i gave it just over a month
my mistake buying it in the first place!
i gave this moisturizer a full week of use to give it a shot
i also got a breakout from it
it broke me out within a week of using it
i've never broken out due to a product before
i ended up returning it
i continued breaking out
after using it for a week i broke out all over my face in little bumps
there was no denying this was the culprit.
i went back to the truth products!
i just used this product for the third time which is a make or break time with me--needless to say it broke
once i stopped using it my skin went back to normal
i broke out for using it
this moisturizer felt nice during initial application
i also noticed that i broke out a little from it because it was the only change in my routine
for the first week or so, my skin was ok.
figured that it was due to me switching products
during the second week
every time i touched my face
this is the third bad product i had from fresh.
went to sephora in search of a firming
after it made me break out
knew it was a thick
so when i first applied it i was expecting that.
i put it on in the morning
i followed the directions to the letter
i also broke out
it broke me out horribly
decided to pick this up
when i first put it on it was fine
i tried it last night
when i went to ask her her thoughts on it
when i went to buy it this last time
sometimes i woke in the morning
i am finishing my jar before i move on to a different product
when i opened the product
there was an awful scent that came with it
the first jar i got was completely expired
when i opened the jar
the one time i tried wearing it before bed
i put this on in the afternoon
came home this evening he said my face smelled like fish
i never opened the tube before
i hope it was just an expired sample.
i tried this on at a store
i tried this maybe a year ago as a 100 point reward
i finally had to give up
i took a break to try a friend's products
another strange thing i noticed was that it it sat on my skin instead of absorbing
within 10 minutes i thought i was going to throw up
couldn't get over it, this was returned
i liked the whipped
i ended up throwing out half a jar because i couldn't st
i returned this the next day.
was stunned by the awful smell
my skin started breaking out
don't know if my jar was expired
when i was done with my first bottle
threw it out without hesitation.
however, it broke me out after a week.
i got it on a deal
it was part of the "on a clear day" line.
i returned the product.
at first my skin was in shock
broke out within 5 minutes
i sent it back today.
i woke up to new large blemishs every morning
i gave this a few try before realizing this was the reason to my troubles
i plan to try the rose gel next.
my first time trying fresh.
at first i couldn't figure it out
once i switched products the lines went away
stay up pretty late at night
wake up early in the morning for work
i finished the product
every day since then
after applying it each morning/night
this is the first time i am trying this br
i eventually returned it
i finished the bottle
when i woke up in the morning
then threw it out
returned it for something different.
then it was gone
i just received a second bottle for my birthday
ended up returning it
i just finished my jar of this mask.
well i broke out after one use.
i began to break out after every use.
just got this product today
saturday night i decided to try this cream for the first time
the first thing i noticed when i opened it up was that it has a very heavy fragrance
by the fourth day of use i had contact dermatitis all over my face
this is like the 4th caudalie mositurizer i've tried
made me break out
tried this returned it because either this
made me break out
it felt gross going on
i broke out really badly
when i first got this product it gave me small
when i woke they were about the same
i gave it a 3 because of the film it leaves on my face
i broke out after 2 days all over my face.
it made me to back to kores
my face broke out
i returned for the tried
i returned the bottle the next day in exchange for another one
hoping that i just had bad luck in choosing an off bottle
this second exchanged bottle is the same
breaking out i switched to ren
i woke up the next day with an irritated eye
this product is the first one i have ever returned
then i lost it at the hotel i was in
i immediately took it back
i started breaking out almost immediately
saw the new bottle
when i received the new one in the mail i thought that the product had gone off because the smell was kind of bad
i went to a store to see if the same item smelled the same in the stores
i just opened a new bottle
it was disappointing to have to return this one.
this left just about everything i'd started with.
i gave one star for the scent alone.
i gave this a go
my skin immediately went back to normal
liked this cleanser at first
i ended up returning
i got this product because the spot treatment i was using previously was too strong
when i popped it back on each time a lot of product spilled out :
i ran out of product after a month
this only happened where i put the treatment.
i gave it 2 stars because the packaging
but i returned it.
i finish the product and i see zero difference!
it felt like i was putting on water.
this one fell short
this i had to take back
i put it on every night for week
i ended up returning this.
it was too late
the next morning i woke up
this eye treatment is the first one i've bought to start helping with dark circles
the darkness that i was expecting
the fine lines also stayed.
i received this as part of a set
when i was trying it out
was headed out the door
2 oz took about a year to finish
got the mini for 100 points
it went on easily but that was it.
after a while it started to break me out.
after falling in love with the korres sleeping oil i decided to give this product a try
i at first thought this was a rose smelling h
it also broke me out so i had to stop using it.
this stuff broke me out
it just seemed to be pushed around on top of your skin
it broke me out
i gave it a shot.... it's heading back.
m taking it back
it also broke me out a bit
my moisturizer exploded on the plane
really liked the wild rose night mask
my skin has been breaking out
i picked it back up
started breaking out again
broke me out in places i have never had an issue with before
as i am at the end of my second bottle i was reading the ingredients
i still have to deal with the marks left
this was the first product from philosophy that i've tried
it broke both me
this was my first foray into high end cleansers
every time i do reminds me why i left it in the first place
i received this in my play box
shortly after using it
i got this in my play box
my skin felt stripped and ended up breaking out.
i received this in the play box
got this in my play by sephora
unfortunately it broke my face out
my nose got better when i stopped using this
just threw the rest away
today was a no makeup day
so was my back
then suddenly it clicked
i went through almost an entire tube of this cleanser--which took about 4
it mostly just sat on the top of my skin
i returned the product.
especially after i went back to dermalogica
broke out like crazy
i took the plunge
i tried this for a week and returned it.
was lookig for something to tone it down
first bottle i sent back for not having a tube attached to the pump
evidently that was the intent as the second was the same
i noticed some results the first week
i actually returned the product
when i wake up in the morning after applying it
i returned the product.
i tossed the reciept
the next day my face was red the whole day
it worked a bit the first day.
night i took it back
fell like the sales just want to sell it to me.
after finishing the jar
something i've never struggled with before
the half of my face i've been using it on is broken out
it helped me with my rosacea, but it broke me up.
the first week my skin seemed to get worse.
made me break out, returned it....
i returned the product.
i am at the end
when i pried off the cover today
after the second week i started to break out on my cheeks
i gave it two stars because i liked the packaging
i will continue to finish the bottle
ended up returning because it smells so bad
i then gave to to my mom
then it seemed my skin got used to it
i am returning it.
after my first application of this product i was asked by several people if i had been hit on the eyes
later on i honestly looked as though i'd been punched on each eye
needless to say this product was promptly returned
well after less than 1 week of use it completely crumbled in my h
also, it broke apart the third time i used it.
i gave it two stars
it went back to the store.
it broke me out after 1st used
i cannot follow the crowd
when wet eventually broke into chunks
should have returned it.
however, it broke me out, kinda badly.
i broke out in tiny bumps after i started using this
within a week i looked like i was back in my teens
why i gave 2 stars
after persistent convincing on multiple occasions i finally broke down
when i got in store i saw this cleanser
this was a miss for me
when i applied to my face it felt like it was on fire
was gone in the morning
i plan on returning
left a mate finish that i got out of less expensive products before
it was also red
the first time i used it my skin came out super smooth
my skin returned to normal
the first time i tried it
this was the second milk cleanser i tried after the korres version
it definitely worked better when i followed the instructions
i put it on in the morning
guess i'll finish the container
it sat on top of my face
t broke me out really quickly
it's broken out after just one week of using the product
this moisturizer unfortunately broke me out
it was fine at first
my skin had reacted
i immediately threw it away
tried this on in the store when i was looking to replace my clinique pep-start
then tried it overnight
the finished product was just ok
when i finally went out
looked like i was a snake
so that was strike one
this really just fell short of the mark
really missed the mark on this one.
caused me to break out
made me break out
halfway through my morning my face was anything
i went through a whole bottle
it broke me out by the next day
while it went on nice
i finished the entire bottle
around the third day
considering the length of time it took for the reaction to cease
i wanted this to tone it down
photo before on top
because i ran out
immediately after use my skin became tight
my face was left all red
i looked it up in beatypedia
but i thought it was just average.
i even went to bed before 12
i am thinking about returning it
when i first started using it i was hoping for an excellent result because of the br
tried it this morning
i finished the whole bottle
saw results with my under eye bags immediately
when i woke up an hour later
i returned it immediately
my hopes were dashed
this eye cream fell flat
i returned the product
all day i would catch glimpses of myself
the first thing i noticed was the strong scent coming from it
this takes time to set
i must have missed the 'tightens' bit
greasy product that broke my face out
after that first day it made me peel after every use
the price is why i gave it 3 stars!
after the first use
when i finally got it
left the price the same
the following week i pulled my lips in
clinched them tight in order to use this product
saw no improvement after finishing most of a jar
this is the first thing i had ever tried in this br
the only thing that worked to clear up my skin was to return to the products i was using prior to trying this line
i decided to give it a shot
the line is that it came sealed so you know that the product was fresh
instead it broke me out more
so i returned it.
i realized that i would only be using this on the rare occasion that it was storming all day
this product caused me to break out.
i will finish the product
it had the opposite effect it was supposed to.
the second time i used it on my legs
this time it broke my face out
this is the third year in a row i have ordered myself the yoghurt cooling gel for summer
i almost feel like sending it back as the order is not as pictured/described
i ended up using eucerin
just received this after working in the garden all weekend
it will be returned.
tried it on my face after an hour at the beach
when i first put this on i noticed a strong smell
was left with a residue
he was left with burning sensation
i tried putting on less
it felt like it took a great deal of time to set in
it's started to break me out
after the first application
i heaved a sigh of relief
i started to break out almost immediately
i went to itch my face
my skin started breaking out
i went back in today
broke out my skin
just stayed on top
just trying this out for the first time
it just sat on top of my skin.
i returned it after a week.
on top of that i wore makeup over this
it broke down my makeup
my fair skin stayed fair the couple days i wore this
as the day goes on
as the day wore on it left me really shiny.
i returned this product.
the first day i tried it i noticed my skin was extra oily
they next day i had a horrible breakout!
after continued use the results stopped
tone eventually went back to square one
second day i realized that it had made me break out like never before
this moisturizer clearly broke me out
this is my second fail w/ murad products.
fell in love with it
would have kept it
when i first tried it, i loved it.
which was fine at first
eventually gave it to my boyfriend
i am returning it
i started wearing it at night when i go to bed which is fine
i got it with the kit.
i spent $36 for my face to break out.
in it and it made me break out.
this is my second round of purchasing it
stopped by sephora to pick it up
his skin began to crack
showed me this product
when i got home
when i got into bed
in the end i ended up returning it
somewhat evened out tone
in fact i brought it back for a credit
too heavy..i broke out.
decided to go back to origins
the sephora employee went straight to dermadoctor
had to stop because i started getting millias
when i opened the container the first shell of the top lid was cracked
ended up returning it.
i actually returned this item.
went back to what i was using because i saw no results
i returned to the store in a panic
i realized the lady she grabbed was the dermadoctor rep
which is what she thought was causing the reaction
i realized i hit the bottom of the jar
i am going back to my previous br
i would have returned this
she convinced me that murad's reps came with before
i took the bait
maybe it went down by 10%?
half of the bottle is gone
i ran out of eye cream while i was visiting my parents home
this was in an unopen box
i saw no results
i took it back to sephora
i left this on for 20 minutes as directed
decided to give this one a shot
when i had it on my face
when i had the mask on
when i woke up the next morning
i tried this once yesterday
about 30 seconds after applying this
i returned it back.
broke out on the third day
then something changed and it ...stopped.
the whole time i wore it my eyes were red
maybe the container i got was near expiration?
this had to go back.
this product was light
had to send it back.
i tried this after my skin reacted badly to retin a
like there was a s
type film left on top :
i started getting breakouts
so when i ran out of moisturizer i thought i would try this
when i first tried it absorbed really fast
this went back unfortunately
broke me out very bad
wanted to give it a chance since 2 ladies were very persistent
it broke me out both around my mouth
first off, it smelled awful.
my face broke out all over
i woke up to lackluster results
applied it that morning for a second test run
gave this eye cream a shot
i got this a month ago as part of a set.
this was the second philosophy product that i tried
went with another eye cream
i got this as part of a gift set
hated it from the first use
i ran out of eye cream
ended up giving this to my mom, and she likes it.
the first thing i noticed was the color.
i returned it to the store
while i was there i checked out the tester
it made me break out
i turned this into a h
ended up tossing it
i gave it a shot for a week
my skin broke out badly.
i ended up giving it to my dad
my face broke out really bad after only using it for 3 days
i also felt this went on a bit heavy
had just finished shower so no contamination.
it was okay on the first day
when i wake up in the morning
end up using a second cleanser to get this one off
this i just had to
the first time i tried this product i loved it!
took a while to work it in
if you're in a rush after a late night
my face broke out the next day
after suffering from eye bags since i was 12
for the first time i have bags under my eyes
just finished the whole tub of this.
thought i'd give it a shot
even after i tossed the container
this was a total miss for me.
when i woke up this morning
at first i loved it.
i got this for the husb
then it also stops working after the second hour
my t-zone became oily after the first two hours
since its not oil free it broke me out
got it with my points
sadly it broke me out
the second purchase made my skin break out
the first thing that stood out to me was how much the lotion smelled like petroleum
you lost me on this one
i received this mask in my play!
though i was put off by the colour
consistency of the mask at first
i received this in my play!
especially after a late night
made me break out.
but i returned it.
i actually gasped when i opened it
i washed it off early
it gave me pores after each use!
that went away quickly
by the first week of april
/or box when i get home
when i came across this product i just had to try it
every night my face broke out even more
like i said early
this was my first lancome purchase
i stopped using it because it caused my skin to break out
went back to it recently
break out from time to time
i started breaking out after a while using it
using the remainder on the back of my h
i've tried this on for myself
i started getting breakouts
this broke me out big time!
it got most off
after one night of use i broke out all over my eyes
i returned the cream
the first time i put it on i thought it was great because it was non oily
first time i put it on it was really late at night 3 a
second, it burned.. like mad.
third, it did cause me to break out.
they went away after i stopped using this product
i heard the earlier you start
i went out for dinner
after a while in the car
within minutes my eyes were on fire
this one had my eyes irritated for over 15 minutes before i could contain myself
didn't notice any kind of changes in my skin by the time i finished using up the samples
i returned it to the store.
i returned this product.
it made me break out
i started to break out in places i never did before
i broke out all over my cheeks
i placed this order on the 7th at 8:28 am which was a friday
i could have received my order on wednesday instead of today
why wasn't the processing of my order started on the 7th instead of the 10th?
my skin broke out
one i could pick up at the drug store
after i switched to this product in the "mild" version
this was a total dud
until i found this one
went back to purity by philosphy
i kept using this until the product was gone
i returned back to the face wash i was using before
the high hopes i had for this were dashed after i tried using it
it was a wreck after
if i hadn't i would have returned it
i'll finish the one i have
stick to the porefessional after this bottle is finished
i gave it another chance
i figured i'd give this a shot
after about 2 weeks i noticed i was breaking out badly in my t zone
initially my makeup looked flawless
first time trying this.
returned it each time
just return both sets
my foundation was sliding off of my face within an hour
i wore the primer on one side of my face
i got swayed by the hype
i started noticing break outs
at the end of the day
i finally stopped using the product
it broke me out
it broke me out as soon as i started using it
it broke me out
ended up returning all of it
and i started to break out after using it.
i end up having to use a second cleanser to do the job
the only reason i gave this two stars is for that reason
this was the nail in the coffin
even when i waited an entire stinking half hour!
i love the entire korres wild rose line
it started to make me break out
i gave it away.
i love it so when i saw this on sale at my sephora inside jcp i snatched it up
then you get a hint of the rose
i put it back in the box
i put it on at night
i do not see any difference in my skin whatsoever after almost finishing the first bottle
at first i liked the cool feeling it gave when applying it
i ended up returning the product.
this went back the day it arrived
it smells like second h
i packaged it up and back it went.
i can't remember the last time i broke out this bad
took or ever to t my order from sephora.
at first i didnt know it was this creme
threw it in the garbage, what a waste of $
after 1 hours i had really bad nausea :s
so i returned both products.
i got through half of it
then i just stopped using it
my mom gave me this product to try
evening on just on my t-zone
yesterday i glanced in the mirror
my skin started to break out
this one went back
after putting this on
the same thing happened
it was the culprit
went back to my regular lancome eye cream
it was my first time trying oils
gave it a full season
pass on this one
i went back over it with a cotton pad
it barely broke down my foundation
the point is taking off not leaving a film behind
pass on this one.
it stung when it got in my eyes
i knew it needed to be returned
it didn't remove all my make up after doing it a second time
i ended up returning it within a week.
that was about it for me
first, it didn't remove makeup at all!
second, it is not gentle.
i will finish the bottle i have
it stung my eyes both times that i tried it.
made me break out
it went on very smoothly
the minute i started putting on my make up
gave this product a try!
the bottle does last a while though.
i ended up sending this back.
i ended up only using it on my neck
my last purchase was from the br
the scent gave me a migraine so unfortunately had to return it
forced myself to finish entire jar
went to the local sephora store for a night cream
s during the night
made me break out
i tried it at night
the next day when i tried wearing it under makeup
it just never sank in
even though i didn't see results 4 weeks in i still finished the whole bottle
cause you grief later on?
leading me to develop milia for the first time in my life
it just fell short for what i wanted from an eye cream
ended up keeping it until it was gone
when i went to buy it i saw it was in a pot
i waited to post this review until i had used the entire jar
the issue was i saw none
i finished the creme
it broke me out like crazy
i threw it away!
it felt like it sat on top of my skin instead of being absorbed
i gave it a fair shot with 4 days use
it was the same deal every day
the pump was so slow that i ended up taking it off
i ended up returning this product.
this cream was not a winner
it broke me out within 24 hours.
it felt like it just stayed on top of my skin
i also had break out
it was too late for me to return
i wound up breaking out
in a way it almost felt like it just sat on top of my skin
i stopped using both of them and threw them away.
i finished the bottle
i gave up on it.
unfortunately i broke out
if it came in a better bottle i wouldve kept it
i just ended up breaking out instead
i'll be returning it this weekend.
i liked it at first
i am returning it
ordered this item for the first time
had to return it with disappointment.
after one week i broke out
so i returned it.
when there was still a half left
so the first time i tried this product my skin looked amazing the morning after
ended up finishing it as to not waste the product
returned and my eye cream search continues.
at 3 pm i would be a water slide
today the bottle fell off my bathtub
it only fell about a foot
about 90% of the product ended up on my floor
i gave it a good month
then as a second cleanser for the evening
i returned it as i don't like this scent.
ed to my breakout i had in the summer
i am taking it back.
my t-zone was still breaking out
the same happened when i tried the ren mattifying fluid
when i first started using this product i thought it was working well
first thing when i tried it
the results did not last
gave up after i saw no results
the packaging stayed the same
i fell in love with the description
for the first three, i thought it was great.
day four was a a wake-up call.
made me break out
i tried this cleansing milk because i got it in a set
even with a nice 30 second massage i was getting foundation
in result, i had to return it.
my skin broke out
at the two week mark i returned it
i went in to buy the fresh clenser
it was ok during the day.
i returned this and got my money back.
s kept skidding around
i gave up after a couple minutes
after disastrous results with the clarisonic
it also caused me to break out.
it also left a greasy film after i tried
i returned it for a different product
my face broke out - not good.
the first night, i ain't applied it under my eye.
it went away quickly
i wanted to give 1 star
so the sephora employee pushed me off to her
she then proceeded to push this product
she dismissed me again
when i got home i tried it
my eyes burned and teared and got incredibly red.
when i first tried it
i saw zero results.
i originally tried this as part of the best of ren set
when i first put it on in the morning
i should have returned it.
i threw this product out after trying it for 3 weeks
the first time it stopped working halfway through the bottle
the second time it didn't work at all
i will not repurchase this item when i'm finished with it
since then i've had to return 3 in a row.
i ended up returning the product.
i gave this product a try
did the complete opposite of what i wanted
this is the second bottle i broke with out even using half of it
the price just went up
at first i did see an improvement
i broke out within a week
when i first tried this it made my skin burn so bad i had to return it
as i am over 50
it had to go back.
my face was stingy during the day
broke me out bad
also, i broke out the week i started using this.
it cleared up after a year
i literally noticed a difference the 3rd time using it
this will be returned...
after using this product i broke out all over my face
shortly after you apply it it balls up
stuck it out until the product was gone
i should have returned it
i got my first breakout since i started using the face wash just a couple of days after starting the serum
but within a week i started breaking out again.
it ended up being a disappointment
they finally went away
imagine my complete disappointment when my face broke out again
i finally just gave up and stopped using it.
after you got through all that
the second formula was still gentle
it came with a screw off cap that is ill fitting
even the cap was changed
the last time i ordered it i noticed the consistency had changed
my face broke out horribly
bought it again when i ran out
glad i finished the bottle!
then promptly returned it
this product immediately turned me into an oil slick
i went back to my former product
it is on the back of the box.
the skin problem came back
i followed directions using this product every evening following the i'm sure it will work over time
received my 2nd bottle from sephora a week ago
loved the way my skin looked in the morning
i jumped at the chance to buy the product
this was a miss for me
so bad that i stayed home from work for a day
i threw out the rest of my samples.
the first night i wore this i put it all over my face
when i woke up the next morning my eyes were irritated to the point of being red
i went back to oils
i went back to oils
i am almost out.
this is the second time i have bought a moisturizer or product from them
after two days it broke me out really bad
felt first 2 nights of using this cream
on the third night of using it i woke up in the morning with red
i returned this product.
for $100 i had high hopes
was hoping it would treat the fine lines that have recently emerged around my eyes
my eyes were not puffy the following morning
i am finishing up the bottle
i am on middle of my second bottle of this
so this went back
i got the 90 minute beauty makeover
i ended up returning it...
just had to finish it
it was ok for days i stayed home
it went back to the store
bought this for my combination skin a while back
i ended up returning this product based on the strong scent
i ended up returning this product mostly because of the overwhelming scent
i just found this so strong that i returned it
i decided to give this a shot after the fresh original set ran out
i switched back to the original version of the fresh
it burns for the first 30 seconds
i woke up with dull
this morning i woke up with hot
i returned this product
night until i ran out
i got this in the 3 piece system
i am breaking out a lot since i started graduate school
i still continued to have break outs
i liked this at first
threw it away before it was finished.
giving this a 3 star because it took a while to work
i returned it immediately!
i knew the clinique had to go
have broke out recently
i figured because it was called "emergency gel"
i started breaking out
just after one night
it also broke me out in every single area where it was applied
around august i suffered a terrible breakout that took 6 months
initially i did see a difference.
last year i started breaking out really bad
onto my second one
i finished the second bottle a week ago.
in fact the marks i had on my skin got more red than before
i started breaking out all over
i tried it and it tried me.
the bottle is almost finished
seeing as though i finished the bottle
l had huge break out due to exams
then it just stopped
when i first received this it seemed to work a bit at first in lightening the scars
then it stopped there
i started getting acne in my 30s
by the end of the work day
i find that my skin get really oily shortly after application
after an hour i just happened to look my face in the mirror
this one made me break out
i should have returned this
after the first use my face broke out like crazy.
i broke out after 2 days on the regimen
i tried this one first
i saw no difference after using this
i've had bacne since middle school.
they have left my h
decided to try it out after my entire back broke out while at college
i threw mine away!
my back looks the same as it did before i started using this soap
started to break out badly
started breaking out badly again
it actually broke me out more than my previous drugstore wash
it broke me out worse within the first day of using it
it made me break out
almost felt like i was applying alcohol to my breakouts
i returned this product
at first it was an okay product.
ended up returning it.
this broke me out
just finished the bottle
i just finished my first bottle
i ended up having a reaction to another product in which i broke out somewhat severely
suddenly broke out like crazy
swapped it out for the murad set
went back to juice beauty
i ended up returning it
i ended up returning this for another serum.
today i took it back and got the murad.
the only reason i gave it three stars were for 1 reason
i returned it to the store
i chose this product initially because it was the best bang for the buck
the redness came back
it didn't take off my makeup in the evening
i broke out in pimples within in a day of beginning use of this
by day fiour i returned it
this cream just sat on my skin
this broke me out something fierce
this was in the morning.
i finally gave up
however, i broke out like crazy.
stumbled upon this product
decided to give it a shot
this was the culprit
this is going to be returned.
put it on before my makeup before i went out that night
when i tried it before i put my make up on
i ended up purchasing a heavy duty moisturizer that worked better
i just received the cream
tried it for 2 days straight
i went ahead to continue using my normal products
the only thing i saw
i returned this to the store
i just opened up this mask
felt/looked the exact same
when that was discontinued i tried this dark circle cream
broke me out a bit
i'll probably finish the bottle
i opened the second bottle to check its aroma
the following day i broke out terribly.
loved this when i first started using it.
in turn this made my
next morning i woke up to red
this is now my second attempt at a ren product
and i started breaking out around my mouth.
it took me a while to figure out that this product was the cause
immediately stopped breaking out
i started breaking out again
planning on returning it today.
i liked it until it began to clump in the bottle
i took a picture of my dark circles before i started using the product
i then took a pic of my dark circles after using the products for two months
i saw a difference right away.
the third time it happened in 6 weeks i had to give up
gave this three stars because it can provoke 'thoughts' in my husb
only bought it because i ran out of my boscia eye treatment
stung after a while when i tried to use it at night
returned it after trying it for about a month.
i took this product back
it did last a long time i'm trying to finish up the bottle now
i returned the product
i brought this for my dark ciricles.
it felt nice on my skin for the first 20 minutes
then it went back to normal
when i initially tried it
when i first saw the container i wasn't amazed.
after seeing what was inside
5 oz in the beginning of the winter
then my break out continued
tried it last night
i put it on at night
my skin was dryer than it was before
i ran out of it
didn't found out i ordered the wrong thing until it arrived
unfortunately it broke me out
it caused me to break out
i would put this on in am before making breakfast
i ran out of blotting papers
i started using this when i got it in my july supscription box
the one i wrote immediately after trying it
as soon as i opened the jar
looked at the ingredients
i got this in my play box.
i tried it out
got this in play
it broke me out something terrible the first few weeks i used it
the second isssue i have with it is the smell.
i used this moisturizer then shortly after went to apply the retina
then i decided to cash in my vib points
the following day i broke out with pimples.
i felt like this product sat on my face rather than sink in
i saw improvement of my skin after a week
then i noticed it started to sting my fave after repeated use
when my package came
i got this using my points
the smell gave me a headache almost immediately.
i took one star off for smell
this felt like i was putting perfume straight on my face
all i got was irritation for that effort.
this product immediately gave my skin a burning sensation
i also did not like the rose smell.
once i took it home
however, that's where the goodness ended for me.
considering that this is only second time in my life that i felt this way in response to a moisturizer
am returning it to the store for an exchange
i ended up getting this on sale.
started to break out immediately
dropped the ball on this one
the last time i went to the store to buy my bottles
this cleanser was not a winner for me
i took it back to sephora
i ended up throwing all
i actually noticed that my skin began to break out
when my dermalogica ran out, i switched to this.
after i finish it
it went back to the store
the results were red
i finally went about an exhaustive assessment of under eye creams starting last fall
i returned the product
this was the third eye treatment i tried
i returned this item.
i returned the product.
i previously was given a sample of two products that helped my eyes gain their youth back
still felt the oil slick in the morning from when i put it on the night before
i returned the product
i will finish this product
the same thing happened every time i restarted application
obvioulsy i returned it.
i am in my late 20s
still had about half of it left
because my skin hasn't reacted to a product like this before
trying to give it a good shot, kept using.
i broke out in acne on the second day of using it
i continued using it for a third day
for me it was just another dissapointing snake oil
i found myself breaking out
i'll finish off the bottle
also, this product broke me out.
my break out immediately calmed down
hit or miss with this company.
it broke me out all over my cheeks where i have never broke out before i used this
i began breaking out
i returned it to the store.
wish i had kept my points.
first, the smell is like being in an orange.
with my late 40 combo skin
i will finish off the bottle
it made me break out
plus my skin has started breaking out like crazy since i started using it
i ended up giving it to my husb
i went to the store
when i was in sephora
ended up returning it
it turned out a wise decision
although i knew after one week that this was just awful
i waited for the smell to go away
this came in my play box.
that never broke me out at all
the first time i put it on i immediately started to get little bumps on my face
grabbed this after glancing at the claims on the box
i returned this for something with no fragrance
smelling it first before purchase
felt really gross by the end of the day
i returned this item.
it's had to be kept upside down ever since
running out of my usual moisturiser i pulled this out to give it a try
i jumped right on it
i ended up returning it.
it made me break out so badly that i looked like i did when i was a teenager on anti-acne medication
this one misses the mark for me
shortly after my skin felt dry
thus i returned it
it made me break out.
that's my first thought every time i open it
i left it on for about two hours before i couldn't st
i broke out the next morning.
i got this as a vib freebie.
this one missed the mark
i started using this when it was included in a set of fresh products that i received for my birthday
the jar seemed filled to the top.
cucumber at first then black tea
i felt the shine even came threw my make up sooner then without using it
tried it out as a night cream the other night
this is being returned.
bought this when my skin was in a mid-winter rut
it just kinda sat on top of my skin
it was something i was eyeing for a while
only wore it at night
i got this in a mask set.
it broke me out after the first use
bought the whole mask set last week to try
after first use my face broke out into thous
i immediately went on sephora
then i saw the price-- yikes
i received this in a sephoras favorites set.
afterwards i noticed the skin on my face was stretched/tightened
i did get it in my eyes accidentally one time
my skin was on fire!
i started breaking out after using it...
i got this product as a part of lancome genifique set
it took a while for them to fade
i got this in a lancôme genefique box-deal
so i returned it.
either got home late or am feeling lazy
after a day or two of using this product i broke out terribly
i picked this up thinking that lancome was a good product line
have returned this product
so my whole face broke out
i waited a good 20 min after applying
felt great going on but skin was dry hours later.
i got this in a play box
gave this over a month to work
i ended up not returning the product
then my skin started breaking out
as the day progressed
took a look at the ingredients
i then tried wearing in morning, under my makeup.
since my local store was out of my usual moisturizer i decided to try this
i returned the product after a week's use without any problems
the product sat on my face
this product did not hydrate it sat on top of my face
the second one i kept in one of my beauty product drawers until i had to open it an ran out of the first one which happened last night
i just finished my bottle
immediately after putting it on
i returned the product.
figured i would give this a shot
i literally could have grabbed some banana boat at the dollar store
tried it for 3 days straight
i even went back to the store to see if it was just my jar
the fact that it was spf 20 instead of the st
then again later in the day when the shine came back
i felt like i was on vacation
know i picked the right formula
i struggled between this
i took it back
go back to the original
even tried second jar of this product
when i tried it on the back of my h
i hate that the spf went down from 25 to 20
i broke out after using.
i got a couple breakouts
this was the first moisturizer i tried
this is a great cream i ended up giving my husb
got the "youth surge day
just went back to get a replacement
it maybe lasted for an hour before my face looked oily again
when i first smelled it, i couldn't handle it.
returned the product after on use
my cheeks broke out
woke up glowing every morning
i am in my late 20's
it was easing down the lines under my eye after the first two nights
i felt a light burning sensation the very first time i tried it
i stopped using it immediately.
i will finish the tube since it is pricey
so when i received it i went to put it on immediately
the smell was so foul
tried it on before i went to bed
i gave it a try
as my makeup now had slid down my t zone between my brows
my nose makeup slid down the sides to my cheeks
i loved it for the first week
on the second week
after that the oils started to come through
this product when first applied seemed very promising
to my disappointment i started to shine within the first 2 min of wear
liked it at first
it ended up just not working for me at all
i ended up returning it
tried this for the first time without testing it on my neck first
returned it right away.
broke out horribly after just one use.
went into sephora to purchase on two seperate occasions
all they had was the kit
i am breaking out more
it caused me to break out
i did notice my face looked somewhat brighter when waking up in the morning
another thing that irritates me is that shortly after application
lined as it was prior to using this
i waited til i finished this baby off for me to write this review
i tried them all except this one which was surprisingly disappointing
5 oz jar that came as a part of another set
on the plus side i didn't break out.
ended up buying this instead
it was out of stock
i am returning it.
i turned 30 this year
this one had to go back.
also was irritating after i put it on
when i looked in the mirror a few hours later i was horrified
when you first put it on
when i woke up
i looked like i gained 10 years overnight.
it only got worse as the week went on.
then flaky a day later
the first day i went to use it i noticed the consistency was off
looking inside the bottled it seemed like it wasn't even half way full
also had bought pump up lips which when i opened was missing its lid
took me 3 weeks to figure it out though
at the end of the day
this product seemed to work
i returned the product.
when i pumped it
only liquid came out
they talked me into trying another one
the night cream from the same line
ended up returning both products
i actually returned this item.
gave it 2 lippies for that
from the second application i began the peeling
i gave it a break
it actually broke me out.
i followed all instructions
it took that right off
after about the third day of using this product i began to have small white heads form on my cheecks
although i did notice my skin breaking out.
unfortunately it broke me out
this not only broke me out
for 65 dollars i was hoping i had hit the motherload
i started to break out as soon as i started using this
i wore this on a day i went makeup free.
it came on during the day
thought it was from retinol which promptly returned
the second i put it on my skin it burned badly!
it looked like i had had a chemical peel
my face was on fire
finally returned this product today
went back to my kiehls moisturizer
they were out when i ordered last
i went to a makeup party last week
in fact made me break out
i gave it a week and no change.
i broke out like never before
it started to breakout my face
at first i thought it was great then my skin became dry
broke out again when i switched to this cleanser after a 3 month streak of clear skin :
made my breakout go from mild to insane
it was just average
thought i'd give this a try since my skin was breaking out a little recently
my skin started breaking out
it is no substitute for my previous st
so at first touch i was in love with this moisturizer
ended up returning the product after just 5 uses.
but this broke me out so bad.
except the fact that i ran out so quickly.
when i went in store to return
this came in the blemish banisher kit
it took a couple of seconds to really sink in
it didn't last long enough for the price which was disappointing
i ended up running out of the product in one month
gave it multiple tries but hated it.
wish i had time to retake a bath
in the process, i stumbled across this.
in the end i returned this product.
finished that up first
when i went back to use the actual product the scent had changed
i saw improvement after my first use
when i woke up the next morning my entire face was covered in bumps
took me nearly a week to get the hydration back into
i first got it because i was breaking out like no other
which took me a bit of time to figure out
my skin started hurting so badly as if i got my skin teared off
it was to the point where i cried cause it stung/burned so badly
this is my second purchase
i wore one day without makeup
i liked it for the first half of the bottle
i got this in a set as a full size on black friday
my skin immediately got reacted to it as soon as as put it on
i started to break out
the break outs were not stopping
it broke me out something fierce
thought it was my night cream causing the breakouts
i ended up purchasing it after reading so much about it from caroline hirons
i gave it a good shot... about 3 weeks.
so i returned it.
this product just caused break out.
it didn't match up
i broke out even more.
had to stop after breaking out
i fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
i've had better luck with products that are a third of the cost
let me first by explaining my skin.
my dreams were dashed the first day
it felt like i had residue or second layer on my face
i gave up after my third attempt
i will finish the jar
i gave this 4 months to do something...
after continued use i began getting small white heads
i saw no results
even took before & after pics.
this eye repair cream was disappointing
this is the one that broke me out so badly
then i saw the damage to my comforter.
sat on my skin
my face broke out, it was red and irritated.
after about three days of use i felt like my skin was wrapped in cellophane
i sent it back!
at first this was was good
my face felt as if it was being pulled back.
went into sephora on a day where they had the amorepacific rep there
it immediately broke my skin out with tiny
i tried this on during an amorepacific event in store
lost all of it when it fell
so this had the opposite
my face felt like it was on fire
my eyes became red
was away for a year on a deployment
i sent it back the next day!
the top popped off
after getting a demo done on me by an amorepacific rep at sephora
i also dropped the bottle on the floor
the cap popped off
the first thing i noticed was the smell.
but i didn't even last 5 minutes with it on.
had to wash it off twice before i could st
it gave me a headache
i just returned this gel product.
once it touched my face
it made me break-out.
after the 3rd-4th day
i felt like a teenager again!
i ultimately ended up returning it.
i am returning it and testing another line.
i noticed i broke out more too.
i am on my second tube now
i cut back from two applications a day to just one at night
it broke it out
it broke me out
i took it back after trying it for 2 weeks.
i saw the promising title
when this product came out
the morning after i use it my skin
i ended up returning it.
i sent it back.
i tried this out
he took his fingers
when i got home
pm i found no difference at all
i am early 40s.
this is my second bottle
when i went to use this for the first time nothing
liquid came out of the pump
it was half empty
i left that day
went home with the worst migraine due to fish smell from the dmae
i finally gave up
pulled out the pumper stem
i followed the directions
the results i got
after my first use
this is the 2nd perricone product i returned.
i gave two starts instead of one
i put this on top let it st
when i remove they was gone
i finally returned it.
turned my face very red
it came with the eye cream as well
at $100 for the set
seeing as the cream was the only item that i changed in routine the night before
a little later when i looked in a mirror
made me break out
the third month, my skin became a mess!
i also started breaking out pretty badly after about a week
tried it again after things died down
i just tried it
this is the first caudalie product i have tried.
after application i felt like i had a film on my skin
i gave it 2 stars because i did like the way it smelled
i am in my mid 30's
came into the room
at first i though it was 'off'/gone bad
gave it an honest college try
passed it on to my husb
threw it in garbage
it just sat on my skin.
i held back due to reviews.
at first it just smelled.
by the eighth day i was gagging from the smell.
this one blew me away
after a month i saw her again.
she is in her late 60s.
when i returned product to perricone they kept product
i tried it twice and the smell was just so bad.
i still smelled it after an hour of being on my face
i not only was nauseated each time
i threw the rest out.
gets one star from me
immediately i was put off by the fishy smell.
even my kitten woke up from the bedroom
decided to try it this morning
i put that on my face and almost threw up!
it made me breakout just after one use
this will be returned for me.
after the first use of the moisture surge one
i changed to this one when i ran out of surge because i wanted to even out my skin tone
spot corrector that came as a kit for about 4 months
when i first got this in the summer
i did by this product before
this is the second clinque product outside of their 123 step system that has caused me to break out
after week one my skin started to break out
tried this product after i fell in love with even better spot corrector
one day i went outside on a really cold day
almost no second thoughts
at first i used it right before i got to bed
i am in my late twenties
i am almost finish one jar
i ended up giving it away
when i first got this product, i loved it.
it eventually started to crack
i ran out of my other cleanser
the morning after using this i had a breakout
i received this in a play box
this started to break me out
i say that only because as i've reached my late 20's
i ended up throwing this out.
returned it right away
had to stop using it because it was making his skin red
threw it away as i couldn't force myself using it
i got this with the holiday trio.
i opened it yesterday
i used it until it finished
after the first use
after the third or fourth day
had to return this one!
my skin began to sting immediately
ended up getting my money back
this is the second first aid product i tried
i saw maybe a tiny difference between before
when i tried it
on the negative side: so much came out that it ran down my face during application
night with no results
it started breaking me out
it came at a cost
by the middle of the next day my face felt weighed down
i washed my face the minute i got home!
it just sat on top of my skin.
a fellow customer saw me st
unfortunately this was a complete flop
i love first aid line
i went to use it
noticed before we went to sleep
returning first thing tomorrow :/
i figured i'd give it a shot
half the product ended up on my h
bathroom counter the first time
i could smell it all day as i went about my day.
this one was a total flop
this product fell short
are a third of the cost
i returned this product after trying it for a week
i tried it a second time due to the fact i thought maybe my burning skin was a result of the rest of the skin care regime from fab i had just started initially
i gave up after the fourth night.
my face has stopped breaking out as much
the first night i tried it
it unfortunately started causing them
i returned the product
after being on a med for many months my face broke out
every morning was a disappointment
had to send it back
i returned it after a week
i tried to put it on my h
look more evened out
i am taking this one back
it keeps shooting out of the bottle
was a bit odd to use the first time as well
at the same time worked wonders at taking my makeup off
i tried to give it a chance by finishing the product
the only reason i gave it two stars was because it did keep my face from looking like a water slide
turned yellow within a week.
i ended up returning all of the products.
mattifying for about the first 20 minutes that i put it on
broke out more than i have ever broken out
my skin broke out
took it back no questions asked
then i ordered this
am finishing up the jar by using it on my h
thought i had found the one
i applied this product shortly afterwards
my face began to burn.
this broke me out badly and i had to return it.
this is the first time i've tried this sephora product
i went with clinique's youth surge with spf 15
when i woke up in the morning
broke me out in little white bumps was enough for me to return back to the store
i broke out pretty badly after using this for a week
i knew i had to try to
didn't like it- broke me out!
after i jumped off birth control
they came full force
my face became more breakout prone overtime
am returning this one
which in turn then led to breakouts
i still was breaking out so i returned this.
it broke me out
caused breakouts on the third use
i returned it shortly after.
i should've given this one star for ineffectiveness
i gave it a second star because of the smell
skin issues as i had before
i've battled breakouts for quite some time
well for me it only took a week
i went back to perricone sub zero for my neck
when i brought it back to the store
they refused to issue a refund or store credit because i had accidentally thrown away the packing slip
am just winging it!..
made me break out
two days after i started using it i suffered the worst breakout of my life
it always just sat on my skin
since it was just sitting top of my skin
i broke out after using this product.
this is my second time purchasing first aid beauty
i struck out again :
but i looked like disco ball
went back in to my local sephora store
it just sat on top of it
at first i thought it was average
i started breaking out badly
the only thing i changed in my routine was my moisterizer
not cute, i returned this immediately.
also made me break out.
i felt it just tightened the skin
i quickly returned this item!
that was about it
eyes looked the same
chest as i did
once i narrowed it down
i am in my early 30's
i put it on in the morning
felt like it just sat on the surface
now that i'm on my second jar
after leaving it all night
then the irritation began and my eyes would hurt.
it was promptly returned.
also, i've almost finished the jar.
haven't opened it until now
then i looked it up
saw the price tag
after finishing the bottle
after using it for two days mu face broke out
acne never went away just kept getting worst
woke up with improved
i took the plunge
although it appeared to be helping my fine lines
i decided to try out on my neck
mediocre results after 1 month of am
i could barely st
wore it every night for three weeks
i saw no results at all.
in the garbage it went.
finally i figured out it was the eye cream
first i didn't know it was a base
breaking after a plane ride
this eye cream fell very short of my expectations
it came with this one
then it dawned on me that it was me
this smelled so bad i couldn't try it a second time
i am returning it.
this one was a bit of a let down
the product was wasted
i sat on the couch after applying the cream
i couldn't fall asleep due to the smell
my cat came straight up to my face
i returned the eye cream
they came back to me with "product is pure
i liked it at first
i finally gave the product away.
i gave it three stars for the idea
i gave this a try for a good month
it broke me out a lot
switched back to my previous moisturizer
i kept pushing forward because i wanted to love it
this gave me the worst breakout i've had in years
i can't wait for it to be finished
i tried this out in the store on my h
i started breaking out
in the first two day i couldn't notice any difference
brought it back to the store
i went back to my trusted br
i tried using it on the back of my h
i finally had to return it.
i ended up having even more break outs
this product at first was amazing
it helped with my oil
i originally went into the store with another product in mind
this was my first night using it
i also felt like it just sat on the surface of my skin
first week it did miracles
at first i thought it was just 'purging' my skin
i started to breakout around my nose
i started breaking out in huge pimples shortly after using
didn't even come close to finishing the bottle
it almost felt like there was a film left on my skin
i did end up returning it
started noticing results 4 days after i started usung it
i am still breaking out
i ended up returning.
about 10 minutes later my skin became so oily
the bottle ran out super quickly.
i returned this product
saw this in the store
finally i decided to stop on my 3rd bottle.
after i put it on the 3 times i tried it
has started to break me out
it was the first return i ever had.
it barely pulled anything out
i even followed the instructions
i ended up returning it.
released some kind of vapour or scent that rose up
like two of them came out sadly
when i took the peel of
i saw no difference at all.
i got this last month i wanted to see what the hype was about
when i took it off it did'nt hurt
i followed the instruction.
finished my tube about 3 months ago.
i kept getting the same results
i tried the mask last night
this morning i woke up to a full on break out on my face
i tried it together
i wasted $34 on this
i knew i had to try it
i finally got my h
s on it this week
it failed every single time
when i took the mask off, not much was collected.
each time was a disappointment
it broke me out
i tried it out for a day
the first thing i noticed after opening the jar is the smell
generally broke me out
i could barely h
on my third day of trying it i ended up washing it right off
after the getting over the $55 cost for a small volume i went ahead
me made me break out
when i tried it
then broke me out
after i stopped using this creme my skin returned to normal
i barely ever break out
for some reason sephora stopped carrying it :
it made me break out
made my face break out immediately
made me break-out like a teenager.
there was no improvement--basically just stayed the same
i saw an increase in darkness under my eyes while using this product
i took it back for a refund
also, it broke me out.
t just sat on my skin as opposed to being absorbed
i decided on this since i've had good luck with clinique in the past
another one was starting under the other eye
they thought i was 30
the last guy that hit on me thought i was 26
tried it one night
had to return this item.
seemed a little thick for me at first
stayed greasy feeling for hours
i am sending it back.
first 5 days were great
then about a week went by
i noticed i was started to get breakouts
then i saw someone commented about the shea
felt when i tried a trial size first
my breakouts went away
this still felt like my face was on fire
while i finished it
an hour later it looked as if i had sun poisoning
it made me break out
i am returning this product to sephora
at first i loved it
i woke up in the morning
got this in a point perk box
which is why i gave it 3 stars
when checked 3 hours later my skin was parched.
my skin was the same
i ended up returning it
it also broke me out some
i got this product
i first tried this product at a friend's house
wanted to know the ingredients first
it only took about 2 months to get through the whole jar
this is the third time i received an half empty jar caused by an air bubble
however after three days use i broke out in a lovely constellation pattern
my face broke out
starting on the third day of usage
broke me out the first night i used it
waited a week for my skin to clear
it broke me out again immediately
eventually my skin went back to its pre-skin supplement state
that was all the improvement i saw--in the long run
subbing this in on the off days
once the small bottle is finished i will seek another product
in the morning had red
at first i thought it was a fluke incident since i rarely break out
break out i did
just greasy so returned it.
decided to take the plunge
i just returned this and got a refund.
the finished look was a bit shiny
picked this up as soon as i saw it
it just kind of sat on top of my skin
see a result in the morning
unfortunately this product just sat on my skin -- didn't saturate
gave it a full month but had no results.
i would have returned it
didn't try it when it first arrived
after one last try
one last day of red eyes
unfortunately, i returned this product.
i tried it for quick some time
i returned this product
i got it because i wanted one eye cream for both day
i put on a lot at night
i tried this in the store one day when i was playing
went back to the store to buy it
it turned into a disaster
this tip was found on the tube
within minutes my skin became tighter
at first application i felt tightening
all in all i ended up returning the product due to the issue with the residue
when i tried it on
well im in my late 20s
it was the same
so i just gave it back.
my under bags were all
i just tried this for the first
i am sending it back
this went back after trying it once
as soon as i smiled the lines were back-al
got my money back
the lines were gone
immediately my skin sagged
my face broke out after 3 days of use
broke me out so bad!
went back to buy the full bottle
this broke me out so badly.
which they were safety sealed
then by the end of the day
my skin felt the same as when i woke up before using a moisturizer
broke me out bad.
this moisturizer broke me out
unfortunately it broke me out
after seeing the reviews on here i am wondering if i got a faulty product because when i first opened mine it had an old dusty smell to it like it had gone stale
even the worker at sephora saw me with it in my h
i got this in my sephora play box
this just stayed on the top of my skin
i got this in my play box
i got this in my sephora play box
i got this in my play box.
i kept having the same problem
i finally gave up and returned it.
when i initially tried it
the second time i put it on i applied it without the serum under
i even purchased a second bottle just to give it a chance
upset that that packaging broke
after switching to another one
the same thing happened
put it on at home
i went through one bottle with no results.
i ended up returning it after the first try
perhaps it was just a fluke bottle
i actually ordered this straight from dermadoctor’s website before sephora came out with it
am planning on returning it
saw no difference at all
i decided to give this a shot
this eye gel came with the sephora box set all about eyes which i received when i redeemed 500 pts
to top it off this made me breakout
made me break out
this was just a waste of time
i went to purchase a few more jars since i was runing low
did not absorb like the prior formulat that i ended up taking both jars back to sephora for a refund
right off the bat once opened i was not impressed by how perfumed it was
it totally fell short.
re-surged with skin care products
i saw no results.
since starting this cream
i saw that others did
i figured i'd use my points
i nearly scared myself
it happened again about two months in with my second one
the bottle also cannot be opened after i wanted to check what happened
however i nearly fainted when i looked up the full size product
gave it 3 stars because of the price
when i first started using this eye cream
i went back to old eye cream until the dryness went away
on my second jar
i am moving on from this.
i won't be getting a fourth.
since the only benefit i saw
i just finished this product.
i will switch to night until i finish the bottle
first thing i noticed was the smell
has stopped workinging all together
i returned both this
went right back to using perricone
having it run off
after a week's use gave me white heads
unfortunately it broke me out
after two nights i got a milia under my left eye
unfortunately i returned this one.
just sat on top of my skin
it was still sticky in the morning when i woke up
i am near the bottom of the container
the product went very quickly
i gave it a fair shot
i started breaking out around the area i applied
knew it was the product that was causing it
returned it after a 1 week trial.
the first time i opened it i knew that it wasn't for me
it gave me an instant headache
i gave this to my mother right away.
this one i returned because the product didn't work as it claimed
at first i loved it
i finally went out of my way to try this br
i did get some advice a while back that there were only a few things that stood out
i tore it open
first of all, the perfume is foul.
second, the perfume stung my face.
i broke out so badly i had to stop using the cream
i opened the bottle
made me break out.
which turned out to be a big mistake
because as soon as i opened the bottle
i returned it the next day.
this product made me break out
made me break out
gave it away after trying to use it
then my face went ballistic
i first tried to use this on one side of the cheek for 2-3 weeks
i am almost done with my 1st bottle
i gave this serum up to the last drop to give me the results that i read about
at least finish it
i tested this out in the store on the back of my h
in till i finish the hole battle
it went on very smoothly
use both morning & night.
i returned this product
i returned this product because it had fragrance whichi causes m to break out
it seems to have jump-started my teenage acne all over again
i actually took it into the store
it turned my face pink at the start
then started again because my skin seemed baggy
the bumps came back
didn't improve after 1 week
at first it just stung my face when applied
for the first week my skin was glowing
i'd recommend trying it in-store first.
gave it another try
i threw the jjar of cream in the trash
then retrieved it to use on my h
then i had the worst break out in about 20 years
within days, i got another horrible break out.
found that the next morning
i looked in my car mirror
lifting ran out i decided to give it a try
i loved algenist when it first came out
when i went to the sephora store to replace it
i am going back to the old formula.
i went back to the original to test it again
since i loved the first one
this one will be returned
who is in his mid 40s
gave this cream a chance
it was no problem returning
after using it twice a day until i ran out
i will be finishing it
i got this from my play.
i tried this with high hopes of it making a difference in the darkness
i took a picture prior to the first day of use.
was blown away by the results
so back to the store it went.
i initially thought it was because it was cold
my skin went back to normal
at first i loved it
at first i started with 1
a third one starting to form
after realizing this i stopped using it.
got this in my play box.
i think when i first started using it
the first night i started to use it
the first day i saw a huge difference
the forth day i woke up with pronounced dark circles
i fell in love with the little jar of this stuff that was in the skin care set at christmas
the second one already st
when i started on my second bottle saw no difference in my under eyes
it turned into a disaster
the second time i used it i skipped my under eye cream thinking maybe i just had too much on
the same thing happened
i waited 5 minutes to look in the mirror
i gave another shot on a day without any makeup on
remained red for the rest of the day
the undereyes remained tight while the product was applied
burned like they were on fire
i followed the directions (and seph.
i returned the product right away.
i got this in the 21st birthday set
disappointing..brought mine back.
i threw it out after a few uses.
i felt the product did tighten
i followed application instructions in video
all it did was leave a whitle film
i got as part of a kit, so i just threw out
had to send this one back
this was my first return
i returned the product.
when i first put it on
the bags were back
i brought this one back to sephora.
the first time i tried it my husb
i returned it to sephora with no problems.
took this product back after only trying one time
i returned the product.
brought it back, in the end.
i came back only to find it changed
knew it was this
i went out of my way to a different store just to return it for the caudelie
i immediately returned the product.
it made me break out
first off this stuff was separated when i received it in the mail although this wasn't obvious
ended up going with a drug store br
i looked at the ingredients
i received a sample of this stuff that was just sitting in my makeup bag for the longest time
this was the first oil cleanser i tried.
was shocked to see how much makeup was left behind on my skin
i gave it away
went back to my old cleansing oil
it gave me that tight
it really took my make up off
today was my first day using this product
i unfortunately got it on my lips twice
both times i took my makeup off after wearing this
i brought this before going to paris to study aboard in spring
later cause me to breakout
as the day passed by
which made me break out
broke out like a teenager
i gave it one last shot
so i returned it.
i wore it during the day once
day two after using it i was breaking out so bad
put some on before i went to bed last night
i put it on twice a day
but this broke me out.
also made me break out.
the tragic part came about a week after i started using it
when i started to breakout viciously
i will not purchase a second jar
i stopped using it immediately after i started breaking out
decided to give it a shot
i finished the jar
i decided to give this a try after i had finished my jar of lancome eye cream
at first i thought it was some eye products like eyeliners that caused this
im trying to finish it
night every single day
by the end of my work day
have never reacted this way to a product
i should have returned
i never saw an improvement
i went through the whole jar in the course of the year
ended up giving it to a friend
my makeup sat well on top of it
i am in my early 30s
in the second week of use it broke me out pretty bad
after about 7 days my skin felt like it was on fire when i applied complete reform
i gave it to my mom to try
like 3 days later my face broke out so bad
stopped using it for a month my face got clear again
i broke out again
my dark circles stayed about the same
overall i felt it was a waste of money.
wow, was i in for a let-down!
picked this up after seeing a demo by kate somerville herself
i ended up taking it back.
i've moved on to other things
this is the second one i tried
when i put this on in the am
s in the winter time
i gave it 3 stars because
i am half way through my second bottle
this is the second time i've tried to review this product
the same results ensued
this product was a complete let down.
just threw it away
irritated my eyes so i returned it the next day.
on day 4 reacted to it with burning
returned it immediately after
i took it back to the store because i felt like it was a waste of money
this was just average to me.
it tore my skin up in the process
went back to purchase the tube
i squeezed it out the first time
i opened the tube to use it
squeezed air out of half of the bottle before the product finally came out
just opened it lately
clearly broke me out big time
it kept breaking me out
this was good for a couple of days then it started to break me out
until i started to break out all over face
this was a miss for me
first off, the smell was off putting.
i took it back
i put it on my face later on that night
i didn't like it and returned it shortly after.
my skin was red the next day
after 10 days i almost became to see the '' energized look''
i loved this at first
i got this in a set
tried this one in hopes of it meeting my expectations
took a long time to work under my eyes
i immediately stopped using it
i got it as part of a gift set
i decided to not use the product passed the one day
when i opened this eye cream
after the first use, i knew it was not for me.
ran into my eyes stinging during the day
for this reason i returned the product.
i wanted an eye cream that would double for day
i returned since i didn't want to buy a separate night eye cream
have had some hits
misses with this being a miss for me
for the first week or two this product tingled a bit on application
my skin was red for hours afterwards
ever since i started to use it i have broken out
this is my first time
it was "beating up my skin"
the bottle fell off a three feet shelf
from beginning to end of the jar
this one was returned due to the fishy smell.
when i woke up this morning
by morning i'll have cried it all off
dark spots i had before
when i wore it at night
i returned this product
it's brought my eyes back to where they were before i used this product
this cream stayed on top my face
it sat on my skin never sinking in.
i would wake up in the morning
i returned this product.
got the same result every time
skin tone has evened out
it feels mouistuzing at first
by the end of the day
had to return it immediately
after a couple sleepless night due to the itching i stopped using it
i returned all four items.
got to the bottom of the bottle
i finished the tube and will not repurchase.
i started breaking out
when i was told at sephora that it would last 3 months
i just wanted my marks to fade
then i broke out alot in the areas that i was applying in stuff
i tried waiting 15 minutes
still l had that feeling that it was just sitting on top of my skin
when i put it on at night under my moisturizer i had the same result
i am going to finish my 1st bottle soon.
now i can't finished the remaining half bottle.
i gave up and will come back to eve lom cleanser.
i gave it 2 stars instead of 1
the second i opened it
it made me break out
disclaimer: i gave this three stars because immediately after using it
which is a first for me
first off, it stunk so bad i gaged!
seriously threw this out instantly.
which was a bit annoying because it took some time
i followed the directions
the film it left behind was felt greasy
when it arrived the balm seemed separated
like the oil came to the top
i ended up returning it b/c my skin became
about a third of the way down the list the ingredients start to change
i also broke out from this
also made me break out
it was ok at first
i took a break from algenist to try another br
my skin started breaking out slightly
i started breaking out
i started putting it on my face at night.
it took a while for them to respond
i finally broke down
made my fore-head look like a mine-field exploded
ended up returning the product
when it came time to replace my night cream by another br
applied it last night woke up
day cream for the first time
ended up returning it.
gave me the benefits
the problem went away
then i realized i started to breakout
at first i was heart broken
knew immediately they were from this product
i woke up with red
i chose this after being blown away by amorepacific's second-to-none h
i gave it a full 7 nights trial
was stunned that this made me break out
i started off with twice a week
instead it broke me out
however i returned it since it didn't moisturize at all
the second day i break-out
fine moisturizer but ended up returning.
when i first tried this cream
i've had this happen with every night cream i've tried
this product was returned.
the third ingredient is alcohol.
took me a while to figure out what was causing my breakouts as i rarely breakout
the breakouts came back
if they took the scent out
i liked it because i could quickly clean my face before i jumped in bed
the point was to save time.
water came out all over
gave me a headache after use.
at first i loved the product
i picked this up by mistake
i returned this product.
however after getting home
the very first time i put it on
i got dry and peely moments later.
i fell in love
the rest it helped me
this was a miss for me
never went away until i changed products
when i first started using it
felt like a residue was left on my skin
when i first tried it
the day later i broke really bad
this cleanser severely broke me out
my skin began to break out
that was about where its effectiveness seemed to end
big as they were before i went to sleep
i used it on one pimple that i had not popped
touched or picked at because i wanted to see if it really worked
after the second use i had a hole in place of a pimple
i returned this product!
at first it works
maybe the first or second night
i broke out in a little cluster
3 times a day like the box said
i decided to get it because i broke out all over my face
expectations were high because she had mentioned that her breakouts were cleared overnight
when i finally got it delivered
go back to elemis which gave strong results
then my skin really broke out
i am not bowled over by this presults
became greasy soon after
discovered this last fall/winter
went through the first jar
i noticed the difference the moment i opened the container
i ended up returning it.
this broke me out horribly on my skin within 2 weeks of use at night
broke me out terribly after one week of use
i broke out on my cheek
i realized it is the reason why i broke out on my cheeks
from first application, the scent seemed off.
i threw it out after the third night using it.
after i put it on at night
when first opening the package
at first it feels fine
when i wake up in the morning
it stopped bothering me
it just felt like oil was sitting on top of my skin
at first i was obsessed with this night cream
i began to notice my skin breaking out in areas it never had before
i immediately returned it.
i started flaking after i began using it
i took off one star for the smell
it broke me out very badly
this made me breakout
i tried this one out
i finally just called it quits
at first i thought it was because i was changing products
i broke out badly.
i returned the product
last year i had fallen hard for an eye cream made by origins
i should have just moved on.
i immediately returned it
it took about 5 minutes
i loved how this mask went on
first off, about me.
will finish the tube
ultimately ended up returning it
i followed the instructions
then i took a before
my skin felt almost the same afterward.
this one was the second mask i tried
im down to a quarter of my tube left
i will consider a new eye product after this one is finished
ended up returning it
then it went downhill
i tried the ginzing one
probably the only face wash that i've finished up
i got a new pimple every single day since i started using this cleanser
after using it for about a week i started to break out very badly
love origins but this cleanser broke my skin out
jumped to this cleanser after getting no acne clearing results from the shiseido
i broke out horribly
i've just finished the entire bottle
this was was ok
i brought it back
i broke out horribly
i started breaking out
ended up returning the product
then when i took if off
had the same feeling
i tried to give it a fair shot
i started breaking out in places on my face that i never had before
the thought of using it a third day
i saw this origins one
i saw no difference before
the size of the pimple stayed the same.
on nights i wore this mask
first i will give you a tip
left it on 20 minutes
put the pod face down after it's been opened
i saw that tip
this was a miss for me :
i tried it before pimples popped up
moved on from this product to others
it had an interesting push top that pushed the gel out
this one just ran out so quickly
both made me break out
honestly it finished in two weeks
i tried this product and finished it.
my face felt like it was on fire i thought it would stop after few minutes
it sounded great when i was in the store.
just sat there after 30 minutes
i returned it the very next day.
my biggest complaint is that i ran out in 1 month
i got this boscia set with my 500 point.
i also went through a whole tub in less than a month
my face broke out
i tried for a whole week
the first couple weeks after i got it was okay.
i took this pacage apart
i gave the whole jar a chance using it night
although i stopped in 2010
twice a day til the jar was finished
i just finished it
now last night i was doing an extended routine with a mask
finished the whole bottle
it immediately started burning--will be returning :
my under eye areas became red
woke up the next morning
i am returning what's left for my money back.
to no avail i broke out again
though it went on smoothly
it caused me to break out
first i saw the product
i got compliments all the time!
this is my third order.
i am putting this on a hiatus for a bit.
i put it on in the morning
initially putting it on
since i had thrown away the box i can't return
that was a deal breaker for me
i took a shower in the morning
i will stick to the old one since i have a little left
after trying it on
i woke up with a couple new breakouts
made me break out
the moment i opened the bottle i knew it was a huge mistake
not my first pick.
also the bottle broke after 1 week lol.
the container came apart
i returned this product
i am only in my early 30s--
i returned the product.
then finally gave up
take super close shots before
i feel ripped off!
being in my early-mid 30's i've started noticing some aging around my eyes
i went to sephora with the intention of purchasing another product from another line
they were out of it
the next week my eye went droopy again
i came across this product
wanted to give it a shot
so i returned it.
i just finished the bottle this morning after 5 months of daily use
i ended up returning it.
then the same right after
saw no difference at all
after two weeks of use i had the worst breakout/reaction on my chin
i returned the product
tried it out for a while
i found that this sat on top of my skin
just finished the first bottle.
broke me out after 3 days
broke me out worse
i took 2 stars out
broke out my skin
after sitting in front of a computer all day
that i actually ended up oilier in the afternoon than before using this product
when i returned to the store
and i got the $30 bottle!
when i opened it
after finishing my second bottle
it completely fell short
after i got about 1/4 through the bottle
the product would only be warm for a second or two in my h
i noticed my face was breaking out like crazy
just trying to finish up since i have the product
the promise fell flat
i decided to jump in
i broke out really badly
purchases about a hour later my skin was dry again had to return wasn't satisfied
*so glad i tried it out first
sent both jars back
when i first started using this i could tell a difference right away
needless to say, it went back to the store.
will be taking back the left overs to get my money back
i've had fine lines around my eyes since i was a teenager
i am almost finished with my bottle
i ended up with red
this one falls short
the "matte finish" lasted for approximately two minutes before my nose became oily again
i love korres' whole wild rose line
i liked this moisturizer at first
jelly at the same time when i tried it at the store
i then started to break out
i figured i would give this a shot.
i returned this product
by the end of the day i had broken out
my face turned red
when i first got this i liked it.
because at first the gel feels
so when i saw that this was aimed towards oily/combo skin i went to sephora to purchase
after my first use
i woke up the next morning
i gave it another week or two to test it out
i ended up returning this product.
when i put it on top of another product
when i first opened the jar
that was my first impression
later on wanted to know if i was wearing bug spray to bed
i tried the product on my face for the first time last night
the day after trying it i broke out in dermatitis
but after some time, it started to pill.
after just one use, i broke out like crazy.
ended up returning it because the scent was too strong
wearing it at night while i slept ended up keeping me from having a good night's rest
i first got into this br
i ended up applying it to my h
i am almost at the end of the jar
got this in my playbox
also, i received this from my play box.
this product was the first i tried in a series of trial
i received this is my play box
i received this product in my may play box.
i found that when i wore this overnight i noticed my skin was softer in the morning
the scent is gone in the morning
it was the bumps it gave me
immediately fell in love with the smell
looked at the ingredients
the cream drew water out of my skin
and it gave me a headache.
i got this in my playbox
set off a migraine after being on my face for about an hour
i will give it another shot in the winter.
this broke me out
i broke out so bad
s- took me three times to remove all my makeup
caused me to break out
all makeup came with it
it only caused me to break out.
it caused me to breakout
just wound up returning
then broke me out
but it broke me out.
back to the store it went
my skin went crazy
i liked this at first because my skin looked plumped up
felt smooth immediately after using it
saw no difference even after a month of use
after 5 times i broke out like i couldn't believe
i am in my late 20's
i gave it a week
it also broke me out.
i am at the end of bottle #3
this is my last bottle
but tried it and was disappoiinted!!!!!
this item took me by surprize
that's why i gave it two stars instead of one.
alas for me it was a total disappointment
still had the same results
i got it in a kit
thought i would give this a shot
this is my first perricone product.
this didn't hit the mark on moisture despite its name
i returned this to the store
the first time i put it on
at first i was thinking about returning it
ended up taking it back because of this reason.
the second i opened the jar
the scent was so disgusting that i literally checked the expiration date on the bottle thinking maybe i got an expired batch
forcing myself to get passed the smell
because when i opened the jar
the only reason i stopped using it was because it smelled too strong
i could've kept it
i am returning it
i ended up returning it
then when i realized it was my moisturizer
made me break out
i gave it a week before returning it
i broke out with this product
the first thing i noticed was that it seems strange
the creme almost ran down my h
s before i put it on my face
i almost ran out when i tried to put it on the rest of my face
all that excitement went away when i woke up the next morning with an extremely tight feeling face
i returned it the next day
then i had to stop
my face began to break out
this one is definitely getting returned.
it broke me out
i got it in conjunction with the umbrian clay bar
after putting this on
i tried this after my fresh original trial set ran out
returned and went back to the original version.
at night as a treatment
i liked it at first
it went right back.
i returned it to the store.
the product application was off-putting
overtime my skin has appeared more dull
the belif is a clear winner
after i tried it
i assumed the tester was down to the end or something
i took this with me on a two
gave it a try as well
i returned this item.
the fact that the packaging came apart soon after
i am in my mid-20's
i ended up tossing it when the product was almost gone
then in the morning
feels good if you had a late night
had a nice cooling effect at first
led the mintiness of it fine
it felt like they were burning
sent it right back.
overall a waste of money for me, i returned it.
i finally returned it after i tried it one last time
broke out all over
even after some time had passed
to add insult to injury broke me out
albeit a tough name to remember at first
i just finished a jar of this
it came with no instructions at all.
was too late to return it
it was just sitting there
when i first got this
i started breaking out
i've had acne skin since middle school
but never saw a difference.
i came across juno
loved how my skin was looking at first
i started to break out
started it up again
first off it made me break out.
sat on my skin
i ended up returning it
that big heavy bottle that i thought would last months is empty
this product made me breakout.
unfortunately after finishing the one ounce bottle
i rated 3 stars because i think i'll give it another shot
i did pass this along to my mother
i gave it a week
my skin broke out for over a month.
tried it for 3 nights
the 1st night i put it on
i figured it was part of the process
i went through it again the 3rd night
broke me out and i never get acne.
i left it on maybe 25 minutes
i saw no results with the exception of the bumps that came
i also fell in love with luna
got this in my play box.
i got this in my sephora play bag
i gave it another chance
when i did i broke out even more
i took it with me on vacation and i regretted it.
broke me out even more.
got it in my play box and the cleanser was okay.
it felt slightly stripped after.
since i ran out
i received a trial size in my play box.
a half until i ran out
my make up looked the same
had not tried this br
as a first impression this was not my cup of tea.
my second issue is the smell.
i returned the product.
received this in the may play box
i received this in my play this month
glad it was in my play box
i received this in the may play box.
i got this in my play box
i liked this at first
went fangirling hard on sr after i first tried the power couple duo
my skin reacted immediately after using
when i received my package today
this made my face look great after the first week of use
after my run-in with this
which i had never had before
while i had high hopes
i broke out all over my face
this is why i gave it 1 star.
i would advise doing a spot test before diving in
when i opened the box
i am dying to finish this bottle just
this stuff sat on top of my skin instead of sinking in
had to was my face
i got this as a part of the trial pack.
i felt i was pushed into choosing this over some of the other products at sephora
i ended up taking it back
made me break out
it was returned in a week :(
i returned it in the end.
i went to sephora to get my makeup done
stayed with what i know
after a while the lines would come back
saw no difference at all
when i got home
this is the second tube of this product purchased
this is the second agenist product i have tried.
i also saw that the skin was being pulled more during makeup application process
saw no results at all
this gave me nothing
it was just an average
wish i had returned it earlier
i just got this yesterday
when i'd wake up in the morning
it did the opposite.
this got returned a week after purchasing.
i felt like it just sat on top of my skin
i loved this product when i first got it.
it took me over 20 yrs to figure all this out.
anyway - i'm in my late thirties.
i saw that it was for acne too so that was a plus
i did find that if i wore this morning
the first time i used this my face turned bright red almost immediately
i ended up returning it
i ended up just going back to an on the spot treatment from clinque
however this beauty came along and i am in love!
i ended up returning it.
it seemed to work at first which it did
however after the 4th-ish week it had stopped working
this is the first
which i chalked up due to the weather
found that when i treated one spot i would breakout right next to the one i was treating
not that it was terrible in the first place
tried it one night
i picked this up after i ran out of philosophy on a clear day spot treatment
when i got it home i followed the directions
it never stayed on my skin once it was dried
when i first got this product in the winter
this broke me out
i doubt i will finish this up
it made me break out
i kept it on for 18 minutes.
i expected to fall off
it stayed in place
i picked up this mask yesterday because i read the back of the packaging
it seemed like it really worked based off the percent of people who claimed it work upon further reading i found out that it was only tried out on 11 people
for the $ i got it
i actually felt like it stayed on better after the initial use
i didn't see sign of improvement after the first pack
i started breaking out between my eyebrows
i ended up returning this.
when i was finished my mild acne was now intense
this broke me out
i still had a lot of embarassing breakout periods
after that it was pointless
made me break out
it really hit me the 1st time.
it ignited my face whenever i put it on
then i found out that the second ingredient in it was propelyne glycol
had to wipe my face down when i was at lunch
when i got home at night
i ended up giving it to my sister
the best way i found it worked was to apply it at night after cleansing
it went on nicely
1) it broke me out.
put this on at 7 in the morning
the first time i put it on
i gave it about anolther week
half way through the 2nd tube
i just returned it
this one made me break out
this was out of control
i threw this out.
the first night my face was red in the middle of the night when i got up
which was gone by the am
and i had high hopes!
in fact this was the first time that i was bothered
t had to be returned
then began breaking out
when i took it home i realized just how strongly scented this was
half for my neck
and i finished it really fast...
i liked this at first
the one time i attempted to try this
i wore it overnight
all night in bed it was driving me crazy
i got this as part of the 4-piece set
the smell was off
so by the time you went to wash it off it felt like there was no product left on the skin
it took me about a week
just tried it today
then gave up on it
i found it was exactly the opposite
i left it on for 15 minutes
i tried this mask
alcohol is the fourth ingredient in this product boo
this was when i tried it at the store on my h
i went through this bottle so quickly
this version gave a matte effect at first
with the intention of purchasing it as a night cream if i ended up liking it
on the second night
on the second night
it just kind of sat on top of my skin
that i probably just should've gotten in the first place
back to the store it went
it did the complete opposite
i felt like the moisturizer just sat on top of my skin
it broke me out.
i love caudalie items but this one broke me out.
this product felt nice for the few seconds i was applying it before it began soaking in
my face began to burn
under eyes were the same
it went away once i stopped using the product.
i am on my third tube of this stuff
i tossed the last tube before it was finished despite it being so expensive
it came with a lot of free goodies
never returned any product but this was awful.
from the first application i didn't like the oily way it went on
like punched in the eye black all the time.
just today i realized that the one change i have made was to stop using the dark circle corrector
this one is a little think it just slid in my eye
and then i figure it's for morning and night.
i finished the bottle this week
when this came out
ended up returning it
this one just wasn't a keeper.
tried this hoping it was a correcting cream
this one is just another disappointment
i ended up returning the product which i never do
i returned this product.
have since my late teens
i am in my early 30's
it broke me out.
was getting breakouts in the morning
realized that it was causing the breakout
i picked this up during the vib sale last year
while halfway through my bottle i decided to purchase another one to have on deck
i opened up the new bottle
i returned this product.
i put this on at night before bed
at the end of the day
after the first day my skin was smoother
i eventually returned it
i gave this product a month
i will finish the whole bottle since it is pricey
the manager at my sephora said she went through the same thing
when i ran out of the pads
should've returned it when i had the chance.
this product started to work
will try to finish this bottle
i even took before
my skin looked amazing next day
it started to give me breakouts from the 2nd time
on my way of recovering
i took a chance on this product.
the smell was only offensive the first time around
this was where i became exasperated with the product
as i've reached my 30s
this somehow managed to clear up the acne that i had when i first put it on
my acne looks the exact same in the morning after doing the night treatment
this also caused me to break out.
they continued until i stopped
when i wake up in the morning
was very exited to get this cream
not to mention it evened out my skin tone
unfortunately this bottle is getting returned
it had a great orange smell the first time i ordered it
i don't see the same results as earlier either.
so, i returned it.
it irritated my skin during the first week
it was okay in the beginning
my face started to itch whenever i put this on after the 3rd week
as soon as i started using it my face started breaking out
i started breaking out 3 days into the new product
i will note that it is the middle of winter
it broke me out
this was returned (thank you, sephora!
when i did it just felt gross
it seems that by noon
it was not being carried by the sephora store that i went to
decided to check this out
had the same result
returned it right away
realized that it was this product that caused it because it was the only thing i was using for that area
when i stopped the usage the burning stopped
i broke out around my eyes.
i got this during one of the 20% sales.
also, i did not notice my skin got lifted.
unfortunately i was getting a spot or two with every single application
gets knocked over easily
my face is the same dryness as it was before i started this product
this product broke me out sobadly.
it caused me to break out
i tried to use it at night instead of in the morning
it made me begin to breakout
i took a screw driver
at first i loved this product!
it stopped giving product after one week
i don't know if i ran out of product or the pump just broke
caused me to break out
the product still felt the same on my face as when i first put it on
i would became an oil slick
by the end of the day
i gave the camu cream a shot
when i went to use it at the end of the third week low
this is the third container i've purchased
ended up with mixed feelings
i ended up returning this.
it is still sitting on my night st
this is the third perricone product i have tried
i went through about half the bottle before dropping it from my routine
i sprang for perricone's ipt
when i opened it it is hard as a rock
just threw it out
within 15 seconds my face was on fire.
took it off as fast as i could
unfortunately it broke my skin out
i loved the results the first time
i started breaking out
when i first got this it was an alterinative from my regular mask
it made me break out
in seconds my face felt like it was on fire
after i took it off my face was like a tomato
i don't see much of a difference since the first time i started
i tried to return it at the store
once i had it on my face for a minute it started tingling
i gave my skin a break
stopped using it and my eyes looked better?
i went back to the lift volumetry.
it also hasn't evened out my skin tone at all.
every time i tried to put it on
after the first week i started breaking out
after about a month i tried it again
got the same results
when i finally got my h
after i got into the habit it was fine
once i followed the direction
i didn't really pick up that rose scent that it claims to have
since no directions came
it sat on top of my skin and felt greasy.
i find that i go back to my old
she is in her early 60's
then i realized that my skin was feeling tight
since this was the only change in my routine
my skin broke out
the stinging never went away
i went in for another product
i just tried this mask today.
it started burning about 3 minutes in.
then my face was red
the second i took it off my nose
i finally tried it today
as soon as i opened the package i notice this horrible scent
waited till it was 60% dried
everywhere i put this i broke out the next morning
turned out i was wrong
stopped because i saw that it was doing nothing
i broke out so bad with this mask
it took me over 3 months to get my skin back to where it started because of the breakout the mask caused
i left it alone
spot test it first
i tried this all over my face last night.
t came as a surprise when i washed it off
i got it for 58 during vib sale
m the night prior
then i am returning
my blemish on my chin that i had for a month has went down
i broke out almost instantly after mask treatment
i liked it until i found that out.
this just broke me out
it just felt like it sat on my skin
this broke me out
it broke me out
i looked like i had just reached my h
it broke me out the next morning
it broke me out
after i put it on the first time my face turned tomatoe red
i think the so-called "rose" smell takes over
i gagged the first time i put it on.
i returned this immediately.
i put it on in the morning
around 10am i looked in the mirror
kept my foundation in place
although when i wore it during the day
t hurt when i had to give this up
the first time i tried it my skin immediately started to burn badly
luckily it subsided after about 15 minutes
take a second to look back at the claims
i stopped after a while
gave this a shot as i love most all of tarte's products
once received i opened it to smell it
did attempt to put in on my face
got past the smell
at first i loved how my skin felt after applying
as time went on i started breaking out
at 32 i'm looking into products to help fight against early
i gave it two stars because i found it to be great at night for lips
next time i'll test the dispenser before leaving the store
it broke me out
bought this for the first time.
it took a week to clear up.
it broke me out within the first use.
it started showing results after the tenth week.
i stopped using it in the morning
has finally dawned on me that it is causing break out on
it also broke me out
it felt like it just sat there heavily on my skin
there at the end of the day
it just felt like it only sat on my skin
i finished the whole bottle
tried it out last night
i did use it on my neck
received a second bottle of this product in a christmas gift set
tried it a second time hoping for a good result
while it was ok to use for the first time
when i went back to this product
then it just rolled off my skin
i kept trying it over a week
it took me about three uses to make the connection because i first tried it on a trans-pacific flight
i finally gave up after my eyes started looking like they had aged 5 years in 4 months
make me look rejuvenated while starting the anti sharing process earlier
i just returned this product.
had the same horrible result every time
i returned it and got something else.
it went on nicely
this was my first purchase from this line of products
i went to two different sephora
i gave it 3 stars because of the cost
i found that it just sat on top of my skin.
then after a couple of days i noticed my cheeks were breaking out right in the area i was applying this
around 3 months of time attempting to give this stuff a shot
i went through the entire tube
got lost in the primary /foundation stage
i ended up returning it.
because after about 2 nights i started to break out
i took a break for a week
broke out yet again
i expected a lot since it got almost 5 stars review
i broke out severely after the first 2 uses
then my skin became irritated
once i started using this my face went ballistic!
i stopped after a month
i put in on my face last night.
when i woke up in the morning
my second ks product with the same outcome
this is my first reaction to a cream like this
my skin was on fire the morning after
that took a full week to recover from
wanted to try it out before making the jump to the regular size
i ended up getting similar results with a product half the price
i gave it a shot and wore it almost everyday.
i finished the jar today
my make up never sat well over this product
this one totally missed the mark
just sat on top my skin
unfortunately after a month i returned it as it did nothing
with day and night application.
started breaking out on the second day
if i wore this alone
it made me break out
found that it just couldn't st
when i first put it on
after finishing this bottle
even after a second layer
so, i returned it.
but the feeling doesnt last.
i gave it two stars because it did help even out my skin tone
after 3 weeks i broke the container
gave this product 10 days to do its magic.
i picked this one for try
i tried this last night
when i woke up
first off it's been an entire bottle
i saw no improvement after using the entire bottle
i've finished the bottle now
the product will be returned very shortly
i felt as if i turned back the clock 5 years
i chose this after it got a good review on beautipedia
i decided to returned it.
it also finished too soon
i gave this a try for 30 day
this had the reverse effect for me
this burned upon first application
'm taking a break from it
i saw no results.
saw no difference at all
i waited until i finished the bottle to give a fair review
made it crease immediately
within 24hrs each time it was the same thing.
it started to give me a headache
i just finished the whole thing
rather sat on top of my skin
i finished this in about a month
i put this on every day in the morning
after a couple of uses it started stinging
i finished the entire jar
i think it was the night cream.
am about to finish the container
i finished this product
ended up giving it away to a friend
i finally got around to using it.
i've pretty much finished the entire container
when i came back to canada
after weeks of seperation i finally just threw it out
that went south quickly
it just sat on the surface of my skin
it just felt like it sat on top of my skin
then it stopped sinking in
i just discovered that this jar of moisturizer had been opened by another product pressing against the latch
have had trouble with every container
after the first week she started to breakout around her chin
i quickly returned it.
it eventually went away when i stopped using the product
this one misses the mark.
the results did not last
bumps went away after discontinued use.
my wrinkles stayed just the same as they were before i started using this product
by the second day
as i was nearing the end of the pot
today it's the one month i am using this eye cream every morning
a total bust for me :
i returned my jar today.
i ended up just trying to message it in
i realized it was making me break out
i wake up next morning
my skin broke out
oil the morning after use
it just also happened to break me out.
this product broke me out
had to return this product
i tried it overnight
the next morning i woke to find my skin slightly tighter
took it off after 10 mins
i ended up breaking out even more
i did have late-onset acne starting at age 17 untill recently at about age 25
it was a let down
i noticed that i have started to break out.
upon my first time trying it i was immediately turned off by the scent
i went straight to return this product the next day
i still felt greasy when i woke up after using this at night before bed
i put on before i went to bed
and then i started having horrible breakouts.
it broke my entire face out
when i tried it again the second night
i returned this one.
the middle of the first day wearing i started noticing a decent size blemish
the 3rd day i completely broke out
i ended up going back to sephora
i went back to murad because this felt like an average over the counter product
it helped they had boscia reps in the store that day
so when i received another
when i first opened this
i terribly broke out all over my face
after the first day of putting it all over
the second day actual blemishes started to form
i did start getting break outs
once i did, my face was finally clearing up.
she let me know a week later that she had to stop using it because she broke out on her jaw line
for my second bottle i thought i got smart
i broke out 2 days after i started using this
i patted the oil in as i was instructed too
going straight back to the store.
i lost 3/4 of the product
unfortunately it broke me out
over all if it didn't break me out i would've stayed with it
my face felt like it was 'cooking' in the heat
this is the second oil i've tried
first one was fresh
it broke me out
i eventually returned this because my dry skin wasn't improving at all
took a chance on this one
immediately after i stopped using it
the issues went away
i liked this product a lot when i first started to use it
the product just sat there
this was not a homerun for me.
i really like rose
went through the entire bottle
the first month of use was great
the months that followed were horrible though
it went on smoothly
cause the rose smelled so good
it stopped there for me
had left my normal moisturiser at home
i ended up returning it.
a half in the evening
it went away quickly
it had no rose smell to it
when i first put this on it felt find
i saw no results
i went through half the bottle before giving up.
it made me break out
i returned this product.
the first time i used this it left a strange film on my skin i had to re-wash my face
thought it was campfire from the outside
by the third day my skin broke out everywhere.
i just opened it today to put it on my face feels soft
i tried it for the second time and same thing.
the first time i used this i was shocked by the color
i also woke up with a pimple the first day after using it
during this time i was struggling with ruddiness
i ended up going to a dermatologist
did not absorbe in to my skin but sat on top.
i broke out after using this.
this one fell short
by the 3rd night
i started using the rest of this on my h
i should've just returned it
when you put it on during the day
i'll finish the bottle for night use
felt like it just sat on top of my skin all night
it will be returned
i returned this product after a week of use.
i returned this eye cream.
by the second night, i was orange.
only when i got home
eventually i just stopped before it was even gone
the first day i noticed it smelled horribly
sat down at my pc
as the day went on
walked pass the bathroom mirror
was sitting next to me
even he could smell it when he went to kiss me
the smell when i wore it this morning
told me all about it yesterday when we were at sephora
it broke me out big time.
i broke out on my chin immediately after i put this one
i broke out after one day of wearing it
i got this product right before vacation.
got this from influenster for free
i will try smashbox photo finish.
by late afternoon i appeared to look shiney with no sign of any of my foundation
actually got the last one at my sephora store
i've finally finished the jar
took me over a year of leaving it
within seconds my eyes began to water
it neither lifted or firmed up anything.
this product just broke me out
though i took two breaks
i got a bottle of this
by the second day using this product
my skin went back to normal
before i got 1/3 of the way through the bottle i realized that the white bumps i was getting were coming from this serum
my skin quickly returned to exactly the way it was before
i never saw a difference in my skin
there's no second time for this bottle.
i took the 10-day challenge.
after the 1st day i thought wow
broken out i had to stop
i woke up the same i always wake up.
it sank right in
when it came back it had a different label etc
then my face started breaking out
the second i put it on, it burned my skin.
the day after i will break out
my face burns for the first 5 minutes every time
i woke up the next morning to red
it was so bad that i had to get out of bed
this burned the second i put it on my face
i immediately threw it away since it was the only new thing to my routine
made me broke out so bad
until i broke out on both my cheeks
this product had to be returned
thought it was working for the first 2-3 days i was using it
it started to make me break out
i ended up returning it!
it broke me out
this was the first face oil i have heard that is just for combination/oily skin
this oil sat on top of my skin
onto the fourth month now since then
when i used it at night i woke up
it became expired so fast
got the product it looked half empty
i noticed about half way through that the product was separating
it took me a couple of weeks to realize it was causing all of my new problems
i got very oily later in the day
this layer last from morning till afternoon
i broke out so bad
i got this in a set
it is breaking me out
noticed i was breaking out a lot after i started using it
the acne went away as soon as i stopped.
i feel ripped off especially given the price.
its disappointing since i love their bienfait oil
threw it out immediately.
once i stopped the acne stopped.
it broke me out horribly
it made my skin absolutely beautiful i then purchased a bottle of it two weeks later my skin was ravaged a major break out
i loved this at first then
this product would have been promptly returned
unfortunately it broke me out
today i picked it up to use it
when i went to unscrew one side it broke right off
it did make my eyeshadow last all day
this time both sides snapped
i picked up the tube
one side had cracked near the top
the other side had split as well
the results were disastrous
immediately after my first use i started getting some break outs
eventually i took it off
it came with the cap on loose so almost 1/3 of the bottle was wasted
i got this in my playbox
finally got around to trying it out
i gave this two tries
saw the same result
i suddenly had lines around my eyes that were not there prior to use
the effects wore off by the next day
i got this in the sephora play!
it broke me out
so when this came in my may box
i followed the instructions
when i woke up the morning after the last application of the mask
i got this in my sephora play box.
i got this in my play box
followed the instructions to use 3 days in a row
i got this item in my sephora play
i got this mask in my play box
got this in my may play box.
this gave me two huge
tried it out today
i followed the instructions
thank god it was only a sample because i had to throw it away before finishing it
knocked off a star because of this.
this is my first th purchase
my initial impression was that it smelled nice
i took a trip to the mountains
it ended up cracking
i plan on returning it.
reverted back to my regular routine
my complexion came back
i returned this product.
ncredibly disappointed in this product especially since i went into this believing i was going to be blown away
i ended up keeping it only because by the time i gave this product enough time to give it a chance
i decided to take the plunge
had wanted to try the br
after using it last night a fab pad still had makeup on it
i gave it only 3 stars because of the price tag
then i started to break out
i felt like my face began to reject it
the greasiness subsided by the time i woke up in the morning
it was so overpowering it gave me a headache
i got the sample i used it at night only because the scent was horrible
the scent is the first thing i noticed
i might buy it for a third of the price.....
so nope, it went back.
however, i broke out like crazy from it.
once i switched to a different cleanser all of the breaking out had stopped
it just sat on top of my skin
sat on my skin
passing on this one.
the very fist night i used this i woke with three blemishes on my left side of my face
an older blemish that was about gone on the right was raised again
this was my first time trying a face oil
i gave it a try for a full week.
my skin broke out the second day as well.
it also broke me out on my checks
i broke out when i first started using it
the next morning my forehead broke out
i am finishing up my second bottle but nada!
i received the second one as a gift
im about to finish my first bottle of this product
because of the price it took me a long time
this made me break out
i tried this out
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
after the first couple days i thought it was making my skin more radiant
took me a month to clear up my skin!
i used the last half of mine up tonight
mine broke right away
thought i was getting the pot of gold
firmness in the first week
the first 3 weeks i loved it
after the 3rd week when i was doing my make up
first it felt smooth
third, in the winter, this does nothing for me.
left my face greasy at the second i apply it on
later i re-started to use this
it was just sitting on my face
i think the second one i got is defective
i threw it out
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
didn't notice any difference with the beginnings of crow's feet until after i stopped using it
i think my routine prior to this served me better
i ended up returning it.
went back to sisley for night time
this is an ok eyecream nothing that stood out to me
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
i broke out under my skin
when i am considering the second one
i would put this on in the morning
i went into sephora trying to get on the oil b
so the bottle sat half full on my counter for a while
tried it out this morning in place of a moisturizer
it just sat on my skin like an oil slick
it just sat on the surface of my skin.
i am returning this product
made me break out.
made me break out.
when i started using just 24-48 hrs later i got bumps on my face that turn into pimples
i returned the product
which totally defeated the purpose in buying this product in the first place
cause i saw it waiting in line
most of my make-up remained on my face
ended up having to scrub it off because this was all i had on h
gave it some time
when i did a patch test
onward to another, i go.
returned it after a week.
looked like it was on fire
s i did before
when i opened this
it was at night
returned it right away.
it was working great until i started breaking out
i think this started breaking me out
he broke out too
took it back and got something else.
i put it on in the morning
2 hours later i found my eye area became very dry
i went to get a second sample to make sure this suits me before i spend the 45$
i probably would have loved this when i was in my early twenties
it also broke me up
opted for this one
then i switched to this when that cleared up
she said it also broke her out
after trying it on my h
i took it home
this was a no for me
it broke out my skin horribly.
i broke out after wearing it
caused me to break out the day after i wore it
gave up to return it for benefiance
at first i thought this cream was a god-sent
it went on really light
i ended up using the whole bottle
was left with skin that was worse than when i started
immediately broke out all over my cheeks
it made my face flared up after application
i got this as a sample and was exited to try it.
sat on my skin for several minutes leaving me feeling oily
so glad i tried it on my hand first.
my skin reacted to this after 3 days
then i started this product
i even hung in for a month hoping it was a slow process
my skin got twice as bad
i just got it in the mail
no improvement i gave up
it did sting when i put it on
went back to my normal routine
at the end of the day
kept waiting to see results
while i finished the jar
i ended up returning the product.
my acne came back even with continued use.
have followed as directed
sadly i returned these after 3 weeks of trying them as i saw no improvement on either front
i woke up in the morning broken out
was a waste of my hard earned $100
i would qualify this as a "i have a birthday coming up" product
within one day my skin broke out horribly.
this just arrived and i ran in to test it.
tomorrow morning i'm going to try the eve morning cleanser
finally a week after i quit using it my skin is finally clearing up
just tried it today
first off, the smell.
looked forward to using it
barely took off makeup.
every single time i went in with a toner afterwards
i couldnt figure out why i was breaking out aftet wadhing my face with eve lom
am i missing something?
it will be returned.
at the time it was
this was very disappointing when i opened it
so much product comes out after closing the top !
the first time i used it i was shocked at how strong the scent is
i took it on a 5 day trip
although i had some left i decided to throw the rest away
when i first received it in the mail i noticed only 3/4 of the product
i tried it from the travel set
then added the serum to my routine once it came back in stock
once i stopped the serum they went away
when no more would come out "so called" finished.
there was lots left over in it
i only managed to get a couple of drops
i started getting one every week
quite the opposite happened
this is just a first impressions
verso night cream came up as the best suggestion.
i pried open the container just to see what it looked like
there was at least a good quarter of the product left
when i received from sephora
the skin around my eyes started to sting slightly shortly after contact
it took a lot of time to get it to sink in
this was my second eyecream purchase after the benefit eyecream
then it all went wrong
luckily the bumps went away pretty quickly after i stopped using it
texture started to go back to the way it was before i had started using the visionnaire
i waited until i used the whole bottle before i formed an opinion
my skin looked the same
i broke out like a 15 year old.
threw away my receipt
this is my first
this product made my face breakout.
i nearly was going to saw the top half off
i almost gave up then because i was so frustrated
i am halfway through a second bottle
it took two weeks of using it to figure out which product was causing the breakout
i just got back from trying to return it at sephora
they took the product in the back
came back saying it was empty
the last time this happened with a product
each time i'd run my h
i returned this product to sephora.
i got the one in the middle
might give this another shot
the night i got it
on the 7th day i noticed i started breaking out all over my cheeks
i tried it 4 nights in a row
i looked in the mirror
they sent it every month.
when i got it from murad
my face broke out
this made me break out
returned this product as it was to foamy to use with my clarisonic
caused me to break out
use it as a last step before bed
thought i would give it a shot
get the rose one instead
was happy to get a small jar in a ptr gift set when i redeemed my vib points
after about 10 minutes it was absorbed into my skin
the second i washed it off
wasn't wowed after first use
i couldn't return it as i had thrown the box out.
i ended up returning the product
however i found that throughout the day the oil seemed to break my foundation down
by the end of the day i had hardly any foundation left
eventually settled on this product
the first couple of days i thought the texture of my face was improving
i reached for it when my skin felt a bit dryer.
i first tried this as a 100 point perk
i put it on at night
after using it i broke out really bad
i wore only this on my face
broke out the next day!
the fourth ingredient is alcohol
when i first tried it
i gave it another shot
saw almost no results
i tried this last night mixed with ny normal
so back it went
gave it 2 other tries
stopped when it gave me three big zits
knew it was the liquid causing it
after the first application my skin started to sting
it took over a week for it to go away
it broke me out!
i think it broke me out.
this broke me out like crazy.
it broke me out
they stood in front of the br
this product broke my skin almost immediately.
i ran out in a little over a month
within 24 hrs i could tell i felt dryer than usual
i liked it at first despite the off-putting soap smell
i tried to figure out if it was something i ate or what
i tried this product out
this smelled like i opened a bottle of really strong
the sent was too strong.
irritated my skin a bit and i returned it.
i put it at night
at first i loved this product.
unfortunately, it broke me out.
i just sent this back after using it for a week
as soon as i stopped using the ibuki my skin went back to normal
i finished the whole thing
yet sat on my skin
so back it went :
the next day i started breaking out
when i went to return it
there was another girl next to me returning the exact same product
i fell in love with the cleanser
at first i loved it
after the completion of this container
i received this as a set with the night cream as a vib bonus gift
i started breaking out
when i applied it minutes later my eyes were crying non stop
i gave it another chance
after a week or so of torture i gave up
its going on my third week im using it twice a day
so back to the store it went.
took back my item without hesitation
i am in my early twenties.
only gave this product 3stars
towards the end i was just using it to finish
would clean it n when i went to use it again it had another clump the next morning
so i returned it and the search continues!
when i put it on during the day
it felt like it left a film on top of my skin
felt on my skin at first
ended up returning it
this made me breakout.
unless it's late in the day
so i started my search.
took the big step
in fact shortly after starting the product
evened out my skin tone
i feel like this sat on top of my skin
i even gave this a second chance
i got this in a 1oz bottle that came in a sephora favorites kit
it broke me out unfortunately
it broke me out like crazy
when i went back with cotton ball
it just felt like it sat on the surface
took on a trip with me
i still broke out
my skin went back to normal
it was winter time
my skin consistent broke out when this cleanser was introduced
i got a 1 oz with my points
tried this on my h
it was disappointing that only face makeup was removed
then i tried it
i looked like a raccoon when i got out of the shower
after about a weeks usage, i threw it away.
kept falling for the hype hoping it would work
i used it again on the second night
i went to try to go to bed
it caused me to break out
decided to try it on followed by regret in the morning
gave this product a try
i saw no difference after using this the first time
gave it another try
then i just stopped using it
this turned out to be a very middle of the road product for me
i finally had to return it.
which is the reason i gave it a try
this one was a flop for me
i broke out on my chin area during the first week only using these products
when i first started using it
does nothing for dark circles-returned
my under eye area broke out
i stopped using it and they finally went away.
was told to use for several weeks to see a difference n saw nothing then returned it
i work from home
tried for a week, saw nothing.
only tried this one because i dropped the ginzing all over the floor
in fact im nearly halfway through the container
unfortunately, i returned this cream
it broke me out
i knew even before i left the store it was a mistake
so back it went!
took a while to bounce back from
when i began to hunt for a new
has never failed me in the past
maybe once i'm finished with the bottle i'll notice a difference by then
it was overwhelming enough that it went right back in the box to be returned
i decided to try this out after i fell in love with the lifting
i first tried the 10 day trial
at first i did think this cream was genius
by the third try
i returned this mask.
it peeled off in one shot which was amazing!
looked the same after.
i went ahead and tried it.
when i started taking it off
i only enjoyed the sentation of putting on
i went back and purchased it.
after week six i was disinterested in the product
i went to go peel it off
i looked like i had run through a gas chamber exercise
my nose was running
left it on for 20 minutes
i returned it the next day.
that was what i did first time applying it
even the next morning my skin looked the same.
was definitely red after each use
when i first tried it- it did nothing for me.
nstead of returning it i kept it
never saw or felt a difference
i saw this mask
i just stopped seeing results
being rushed at the time to find a good mask
ended up returning it.
i recently started breaking out
left it on for 10 minutes
i finally took it off
i didn't find that drew out impurities
when i tried it
i gave it a try
it made my face grumpy the first day.
took weeks to repair the damage
i received this product in my play!
it did the complete opposite
i started breaking out more than i was before :
had to go with a 3 star
when i saw i was getting this in my july play!
it seriously fell flat
my face was clear prior to using this cleanser.
its came in time for the summer heat
it made me break out
my pump broke on the 2nd use
gave it a day rest
after wearing it every night for a week
got it close to year ago
all but 1 were positive so i gave it a shot.
5 days after i began using it i noticed my face was breaking out in tiny bumps all over
i am sending back for a refund
)however it was the texture that turned me off.
i originally went look for shiseido
i picked this up with high hopes.
under eyes that were so dry that the fine lines i have were so pronounced i looked like i hadn't slept in a week
thought i would give this a shot
i will finish this bottle
i kept wondering what the cause was until i stopped this cream
but i wasn't wowed by it at all.
i didn't originally have a big problem with bags
when tried on my h
this was before i was supposed to leave for the day so my eyes burned at work
last time i went to stock up i only found this concentrate
at first it stings
it sat on top of my skin
took me a while to rub it in.
i put it on at night
which is why i gave it 2 stars
i tried this for the first time last night
in the next morning i saw my skin with all redness
i tried this product because it came in a boxed set by josie maran including the whipped argan
i loved this at first
when i looked in the mirror an hour after applying it
it never felt like it settled into my skin
ended up taking it off
it was making my skin break out.
then it gave me a headache
i went ahead anyway
i tried it out the night i received it
woke up with red
it took weeks for my skin to get back to normal.
until i broke out immediately after using this product
unfortunately this one got sent back.
received in sephora play box
after spending $158 for this
my skin was breakout
i tried it morning/night/after clarisonic/after scrub
at first i thought that it was dry skin that was coming off from a peel i did
this one was a total disappointment
flakes off about a minute after i put it on
it just sat on top of my face
sat on top of my skin
i decided to write a review because i was so disappointed when after a couple minutes the cream started to ball up
went through an entire bottle
gave it a chance for a month
it broke me out every single time
when i first tried this in-store
i broke out more
i broke out almost immediately after using this product for the first time
not just the rose water
when i went to use the product
it looked like it was taken off.
when i got home
did my three step
however this product missed the mark for me.
not to mentioned that the pump squirted all over my shirt twice
i gave it a try a week
by my second day of use
first one was a flop
i ended up returning it the next day.
i'll admit i caved into buying this product after jaclyn hill declared it to be one of her favorites
didn't stop the oil from coming through
i returned it right away.
i saw no changes i had to return if
i swiped it on my h
i actually returned it considering the price.
- it ran out so quickly
ran out to try it
i saw this product was coming out
i actually stayed up
ordered it the minute it was released on sephora's website
when i got it home
i wore it on only one eye one day
the product pulled my skin to get it to go on
when i went in to the store
it broke down fairly quickly
the second i walked outside every pore
foundation did not go on as smooth as with my previous br
i just tried this for the first time yesterday
seriously broke me out!!
i tried my foundation without the visionnaire
by the end of the day
this was a miss for me.
the pump on this broke not even halfway through using it
this was my first pump that broke
i tried wearing it with my spf on top
the product starts to fell
i returned that one :-
gave me high expectations
all it did was leave me red
i felt that this was a fine mask
i returned this product.
i felt that using it was slightly anticlimactic
that gave me results i could see
it kept disappointing with each attempt of use.
picked out this one
i love first aid beauty so i tried this.
she tried it on me
the tube was in my makup bag for one day
after wearing it all day
it broke on both ends the first time i used it
threw it in my travel bag
the results were the same
i tried it for 2 weeks, then returned it.
seemed to hit all of the issues including dark circles
this went back the next day.
unfortunately, i returned this.
when i opened it it looked like the product peeled away from the container
i ended up returning it.
however that night when i came back i had a little breakout on my cheek
without hesitation i went for it!
so, back it went.
in my case turns out to be a bit of a disappointment
i took it back.
i also broke out :
this one needs to be returned
turned my face red
in the second method
// one last word about the rose gel mask.
this came up multiple times
but i did love the rose scent.
i exchanged it for perricone's mask.
fought this cream in a trio with two other products
it looks like i have barely touched it
then i began leaving it on overnight like the directions recommend
i did not for one second suspect that it was the mask because of it's consistency
i realized one night that my face slightly stung when i applied it
i started crying when i saw my face in the mirror the next morning
second month in i started to develop rough
first on one side then on the next.
in the past another ptr product gave me issues.
it kept my skin in the good condition that it was already in
by the end of it
this missed the mark.
at night with my clarisonic
this was the first product i've bought that i ended up returning
i tried it morning or night or in the shower
i just received this product in the mail
when it came time to use the product
i noticed it ran out of the top very fast
i went about my morning around the house
have never reacted to something at all
it broke me out so bad
this product also caused me to break out
i took the product back to sephora
this one gave me a headache every time i tried to use it
nothing gave me relief.
in the end it it fell completely short
i followed the directions included
ended up returning it
could have returned this to the store
i quit using it and my skin went back to normal.
this was in the "waiting in line section"
i gave a 3-star because the same primers
it was foundation after all.
it went on smooth
i got this for like a month
it went on sheer
loved it at first until it broke me out!
then i broke out in red patches
5 minutes after applying this i was red
felt like it was on fire
gave me a terrible headache for 10 hrs.
i wake up in the morning very early
the second ingredient is alcohol
when i saw this i had to get it
ended up returning it
fell on the floor
am i missing it?
my face broke out
then i started to break out
that was the only thing that's changed from my routine
skin is softer, but i broke out a bit.
every morning when i excitedly run to the mirror
i kinda suspect it broke me out however.
in fact this is happening for the first time
im in my early 30s
i liked this product at first
this broke me out so bad.
it did the complete opposite
i picked this one up in store.
i just saw some pictures taken of me
scent almost knocked me over.
well- this slid around a little
i took it back almost immediately.
barely got anything off which was really disappointing
yet little more than forty five seconds passed before the wet strip fell off my nose--my dog snatched it up
it took some out.
this feeling faded after a day
imagine it was just the second strip's product that was doing this
use the second step patch w/ the off br
really had some grip when i pulled it off
i only got one.
the second part was empty
i still gave it a try
i followed the instructions
i only bought a single strip just to try it out first
i did the mask at night
the second strip is wet
stayed wet the whole time
at first i thought i was using it wrong
then went back to normal
i tried the day cream
i didnt at first realize it was night
i used the night cream pack first
by the time i woke up in the morning the skin under my eyes was dehydrated
the am stung my eyes a few secs after applying
it was strange because i had no reaction at all the night before
then when i showered
i finished the whole jar
this was in the glamglow minis kit that they put out a while ago
that is the first thing that i thought when i smelled it
went to wash it off
it just was a total waste of time
that it took my
this product broke me out in places i've never broken out before
this is a def first for me.
decided to try it out last night
proceeded to wash it off
when it was all gone
i woke up this morning
which for me went away
i broke out the next morning after use
i left the treatment on my face for 5 minutes
sadly it went back.
glad i went for the smaller jar or i would have returned it
it was nice until it broke me out.
as a woman entering my 30s
at first it was working ok.
i didn't notice that my dark spots improved which was the reason i grabbed this product
i really felt the product was starting to work after about a month
i broke out in small
i started using it before they did the relaunch
when i reordered i was disgusted to find they took away half of the product
it looks all crumbled
i put this on my eyes in the evening
when i woke up in the morning
besides the first night's sticking debacle
i returned it after much anticipation
i ended up using it only by night.
this was a no for me and i ended up returning it.
when i wake up in the morning
when i wake up in the morning
i returned it after a week because i felt that it was a glob under my eyes
i love the feeling of first putting it on.
i returned mine the next day.
over the last two moths i felt it settled into my fine lines
didn't realize it until i came home
this will be my first ever returned product.
i think i started to see some evening out of my skin tone
my skin was pulling
while this did the job
the reaction was obvious from the first time i tried this
i am in my early 30s
i just finished my first jar of it
after i put it on
after i put some on i checked the packaging again in case it was actually a foot cream
it went on very well
purchase we're officially breaking up
however it made my skin break out after the first application
i should have returned it
however it started making me break out
cons: ran out super quick
which is when the bottle ran out
sadly, i finally returned it.
i ran out today
i then saw this
i cashed in 500 points for this
i brought the kit with me for a 5 day trip
this experience just solidified my opinion on the br
second, this irritated my eyes like crazy.
third, it didn't even remove all of my makeup!
it reacted the same with both
i took weekly pictures
i decided to give it shot
i don't want to use it for 8 weeks with the entire product finished
as i tossed it in the garbage so went my money with it
i returned it to the store.
it gave me a headache
next morning i went to put on makeup
i followed the instructions
when i first put it on
later made me break out
i felt like after 10 minutes my skin looked the same as before
i love that it takes 1 minute
i looked forward to trying this product
gave it a try this evening
i followed all the directions
i saw no "one minute" improvement.
i ended up returning this as i found the smell too overpowering
my face turned red
up until last week when i began to break out all over my face
received a small bottle of this when i traded in my points for a reward
i used this every night until i was literally down to my last drop
finished one bottle and will not purchase again.
this was good when you first use it
it returned to dullness after a week
that turned out to be false
i just wasted my money by getting attracted by the pitch of sales person
unfortunately those were dashed.
i took this with me during a trip
her face reacted to it by getting red
i tried 3 days in a row
threw it in the garbage
when i got home at the end of the day
it was a bit of a horror show
after a short time my face started burning
saw results after a month pf using it
my acnes broke out
i wanted to return the bottle
it didn't boos my skin
i am finishing the bottle
then after a week it made me break out
it is overpriced and i ended up returning it.
on top of it my face broke out from it
he gave it a try
first off the smell is so strong i almost can't st
i threw out the rest of the tube
with the first application
played around with it
i tried this out
discovered i was actually breaking out on my face
i tried it as soon as my package arrived
second time that i cleaned my face not all makeup came off
almost immediately after i used it my eyes got irritated
my face felt like it was on fire
it also left a film
well i love the texture the second it hits my skin
however one morning after a week of putting this on day/night my mother asked if i was stoned -- baffled
it burns went i put it on
this is the second product attempt in this genius line
im in the early stage of fine lines
i put it on each night
this was over the top
second, it just didn't work well under my makeup.
my foundation was sliding around
i knew that was it
this sadly led to me dropping the jar in the sink
went through the whole jar before deciding to review this
even though i lost a bunch of product i still ended up finishing the jar
then i opened a br
dropped it the first time using it
then i broke out immediately.
it went on fine
unfortunately, this was a total miss.
got this in a gift set
following up with my tried
i ended up rewashing my face.
i began breaking for the first time.
and then i broke out more.
and after two-day trial, it broke me out
noticed i was breaking out
instantly returned when i looked at the ingredients
first time i have ever returned anything from sephora in my life
it stayed on the surface
one morning i woke up with a little rednees
at the end of the day
it also had alcohol as the third ingredient
this night cream was a big disappointment
i used this serum when it first came out
i will continue to finish the container
i am almost done with my second round of this serum
this product was returned
i put it on at night
however i broke out with acne
i did notice that my face looked like it had a bit of the glow in the morning which is why i gave the cream 3 stars as i am accounting for my skin issues as well
i ended up returning it.
i went with it
a half i broke out horribly
have gone back to my old st
it made me breakout
literally had to pump the top 50 times before any product began to flow
had to send it back.
until the bottle was gone
it felt like i was putting water on my face morning
i noticed a lengthy breakout session
normal again seconds after application
i used it every night for about 2 months until i finished the jar
after finishing this i went back to my korres brightening skin mask
made me break out.
received this in a sephora favourites holiday box
went though bottle fast
it ran out really quickly as well.
i noticed a lengthy breakout session
normal again seconds after application
i got it in early december
received a half-empty bottle
i tried it at night
i finished the bottle in three weeks
less than a 10th of the bottle?
finished the whole thing in about 3 weeks
instantly fell in love
decided to buy since i did notice a lifting/firming effect
the results don't last
putting this on at night didn't give me any results in the morning
putting this on in the morning i saw firmer skin for a couple of hours
by the time i finished foundation
i tried it at home
i am in my late 20's and a huge skin care junkie.
i returned it since i didn't see any results
i liked it at first.
i realized that this was the only thing that was changed in my skin routine
my skin immediately went back to normal
the second bottle was a disaster
the first thing that i noticed was the smell
i noticed this went right in
this felt like a st
decided to also try ren instant firming beauty shot at the same time
it just sat there leaving my face so greasy.
i started breaking out
even my mom noticed when i went back home
plan on returning it
all it did was break me out
i am halfway through the bottle
it started to give me breakouts.
then i went on a road trip
bought a second bottle right away
at first,it was ok.
also left a film behind
i broke out heavily after using this
i threw out the packaging like
wishing i had returned this.
i felt it took the same amount of product
the same thing happened
ended up breaking out
waited for my skin to clear before i tried again.
broke out by the week's end
when i woke up this morning
i started breaking out 3 days
especially when i was sleeping
when i woke up in the morning
i woke up in the morning looking refreshed
this stuff broke me out in one night!
unfortunately the next morning i woke up with the biggest breakout i have ever experienced
both nights i wore this my face broke out
the first night, it seemed great.
this product had a hard time initially sinking into my skin
i kept breaking out
i first heard about this product from the fresh rep at sephora one day
it broke me out
didn't finish using it
when i went to wash my face in the morning
i woke up with a migraine
i've had the same reaction to another overnight mask
i followed the directions exactly
i wish i had returned this when i had a chance
my chest just exploded in a terrible breakout
then made the big dive
i gave it two stars because it seemed to stretch the 11s a little
was hoping this was finally it
will finish the bottle
i miss crease release!
i gave it a shot as i'm not a surgery person
actually thought i saw improvement
it made me break out
then it was gone
i sent it back which is really rare for me.
went through the entire bottle
was going to give to my mother to try
i did a review on this product when it first came out
my 1st impression of this was very disappointing i saw no difference in my crows feet
t got shoved in the back of my product drawer
i am returning this purchase from late april.
i see why they jumped in
then went straight back to acne
although at first it seemed to work for my skin.
the pump stopped working after the first try
thinking it was just a faulty pump
i got this a while back
the pump broke immediately
i just finished my first full size bottle
immediately retuned after the first use
i am in my early 20s
broke out horribly this cleared my acne in two days
i didn't make a connection to the product use until the second day
when i kept breaking out
i got this while i was out of town for vacation.
i gave it a couple of tries
i got this oil in earlier this week
tried it for the first time
gave me an instant headache.
this one had to go back
it starts to run off
then i looked in the mirror
finally got around to trying her product line
after that it seemed to fall out
for the price i was expecting this to last all day
i've had bad luck with philosophy before
i felt so itchy at the first time using it.
i just finished the small jar today
also my skin has broke out alot since i started using this
boy was this a miss for me.
then it made my neck break out for the first time ever
my skin irritated when i first use it.
i started breaking out when i started using it
i also had just started a new bc pill at about the same time
my skin looked so gross after work
i picked this stuff up when my old fav ran out
i threw what i had left in the trash
i gave it a shot
stopped and my bags went away.
get my points back
then i remembered using this the night before
i then woke up
broke me out so bad!
took off my makeup
there was still some left
had wash my face a second time with a different
tried it again a second time
the same thing happened, so i returned it.
when i stopped using it my skin became clear again
in fact i returned the br
it broke me out
i lived for de's marula oil when i first got it.
i really wasn't so won over by this oil
i gave it a try
i felt like it sat on the top of my skin only
i very sadly relented & returned this.
i also felt like it sat on top of my skin.
had to take it off immediately
if anything it broke me out
i unfortunately returned this.
i originally got this in the little two pack with the marula oil
so when i got a $15 off coupon
broke me out bad.
i gave it 2 weeks of nightly use only to wake up every morning with a new breakout
i am only in my mid twenties
after seeing all the hype
it's too late to return
they went away when i stopped using this.
they both got returned
when i first started using it
it went nuts and was a tight mess.
this broke me out horribly.
this bad soap broke me out so badly that it took over a month to recover
i loved this product, at first.
i started to break out
it was the same thing
my skin broke out
my skin did look brighter until the breakout happened
i originally went in to sephora in order to purchase another
i went against my instinct
the employee that had wanted me to purchase this product came up to the register to let the lady ringing me up know that she had been the one to sell me this product
my skin started breaking out--
i never broke out like this in my entire life
i realized this was making me break out
then it broke me out after one use
then i realized on the days that i wore face make up
saw no difference at all
one week after i started to use this product i got a lot of bumps
felt like there was residue left over
that was my first time finishing the entire container of a cleanser
this was the first milk cleanser i tried before also trying the clarins version
ends up with returning it.
it's never cold on the second eye
...at first, but seems to have stopped working.
i will finish this product
exacted as directed until the product was gone
it gave me red patches around where i had the product on
overall, this one was a dud.
this is the first product from sephora i've ever had to return
wore this alone two different times
i took one star off for price
i will finish the tube
picked this up on a whim after looking at all the before
>< i tried it for a week under my eyes before heading to work
that's why i gave it two stars
but in the end my creases won over.
since the tip is not rounded
i just returned the product
it had to go back
girls in there early 20's
sank into my fine lines
the first time i used it i ended up with tears streaming down my face
i tried it for the first time this evening
i finished the bottle i received
i tried it this product two nights in a row.
i got to try this product out from a kit
this product broke me out very badly
while i was using this it really broke me out
i ended up returning it.
this ended up breaking me out
i am going to finish the bottle
i immediately noticed it breaking me out
the second i stopped using it the break outs were gonei usually love origins products
caused me to break out
if i touched my face
my skin started to break out
it kept getting worse as the days went on.
stopped applying it every night
this serum got sent back for a refund.
i ended up returning it after giving it a fair shot for 2 weeks
everything went back to normal
the very first time i tried this
i wish it evened out my skin
i'll finish using what i've got
the first two times i wore this i received 2 red acne spots on my face
picked it up again
i broke out again
this mask lasted me 6+months
i've lost count of the masks i've tried
got this in the black
was actually fine afterwards
made me breakout next day
t ended up being a good foot mask
i left it on for 30 minutes
i saw no difference at all
it went back for a full refund!
i accidently got some in my eyes
when i tried it
his face broke out in red
the redness was gone when i woke up the next day
i sat there for about an hour
left it on for 10 minutes
it worked amazing the first month or so when i tried it
i noticed that it made me break out :-/
was left feeling a tad let down
with continued use came a rawness to my face
she gave it back-the same exact thing happened to her skin
i broke out like crazy after a week of using this
had to toss the rest of mine after about a week
i am returning my bottle
won't buy a third time
after the third use
it broke me out in couple of spot
i waited until the entire bottle was gone to write a review just in case i was wrong about this
when i first tried it i thought it was a miracle product because some of my tough breakouts disappeared within a week
because i really fell in love with this product with first use
the first night i got a sample of this with a new face lotion i fell in love
to top it off i broke out like i was back in high school which was very embarrassing
i hesitated because of the price
she really pushed the product
all it did was sting
felt it was a complete waste of money for me
as soon as i ran out
gave it a week... but had to return it.
i saw no results
so i returned it.
trashing what was left
no money lost - just time.
i returned it because it did nothing for my eye circls
very disappointing and sent back for full refund.
then i started getting big
it was my first ever return :
it was my entire face.
i gave it another shot for day 3 because i had spent so much on it
it took a week for it to return back to how it was after using this
the one i switched back to
i gave my skin a break
came in the mail with no cap on
pump broke after one week, so sephora replaced.
not taking in a second time
on the 3rd day
i looked like i had had a good nights sleep!
oned the product by the fourth use
i dropped the container once and it cracked.
i gave this three stars because it works
've noticed i'm breaking out on my cheeks which is strange because i have never had a "breaking in" phase for products
i ended up purchasing this
got this on sale
after using it at night i woke the next day with small bumps all over my face
after the first use
this is the first product that i tried from glamglow
i started breaking out
i did not connect them to the cleanser until i ran out
the total opposite of what i was hoping for.
i do love the packaging it came in
this is the 4th day
it broke me out
it did the same to her
i didn't break out after the first use
i then came across this product today
how this averaged 4 stars is beyond me.
i should have returned it
immediately took it back
until i just threw it away
i returned it and went back to the other one.
bought it without a second thought
it was like i had nothing on.
it's only around when product is first pumped out
it made my skin broke out terribly
started using this as a night moisturizer when i ran out of pm moisture
the first time i tried it
i tried to put on the milk without the oil tonight
i tried to apply it the second night
i just tossed it
this stuff just sat on my skin
i am breaking out more since starting this
this product broke me out so badly
it just sat on top of my skin
i found just the opposite
ended up not using it all
towards the last third of the bottle the oil started to get a little milky
the only thing i changed was this
my skin was fine after the first use.
i skipped ahead to purchasing a bottle
it only took 2 uses before my face was again looking like a star chart
i tried this on my face in store
i would buy it in a heart beat
went home washed my face
a hour later my face started to feel weird
i should have waited to try it out in the store first
i started to break out all over there shortly after i started using this
this made my neck
i broke out and my skin started looking dull.
i returned the product.
i got this as a reward
but the break out was a deal breaker.
i followed the instructions
at night i followed it with my usual origins night-a-mins night cream
the thing that spurred me to continue using it until i finished the sample
i got the freebie 100 point trial
i love most algenist products however this one broke me out
it lingered until i finally fell asleep
tchy that my nose became quite red
well i broke out right away
i've never been so broke out in my life.
a trip to the emergency room
took some home to try
the second day i used it, it was awful.
i barely had the product on my skin
my skin began to burn
when i tried it at home
had to return because it wasn't gentle..
broke my skin out within an hour of using it
i wake up super early
i gave it a fair chance
both when i had been rested
that was about it
after i washed my face, i saw no difference.
like i had said before
i ended up using it on my arms
was surprised when every morning i would wake up with greasy skin
pass on this one
when i tried this mask
i tried it with both water
however, it broke me out a lot!
went back to using that
first it came about half full??
then the opening is so wide
third, i swear i breath it in every time!!
i gave it a three because of the packaging
my first concern with this was that it has fragrance in it
this thing ran out in 2
ran out of product faster than i was ready to give up on seeing results
it gave me lots of break outs
halfway through the day most of my makeup had melted/slid off
i went back to my regular routine
then i returned it
this was so overwhelming that within 20 minutes i had to wash it off
in one use, i was hooked!
i suspect gave me a few breakouts
which i decided not to repurchase after i finished my last bottle because
i saw the results the next day
i saw a difference in my skin the next morning
i wish it sank in
tried it at night
not good for my skin--broke out
was excited when she finally came out with a primer
my skin felt okay for the first hour or two
then i began to notice my skin felt very dried out
began to get flaky where i had put the primer
this is what i ended up with
this will be returned.
i grabbed this by mistake
i always felt like it just sat on the top of my skin al
i saw this one
when using my eyes became red
never saw a difference in under eye bags
went out on a whim
i just finished my first bottle.
my first try on eye creme was this product.
never heard of them, but took the shot.
i ended up returning it because it was on the pricey side
i put some on on during the day
returned this product asap
gave it three stars
after that period my skin began to break out
if anything it broke me out
i ended up giving the oil to my mother.
overall i think luna is either a hit or miss.
it more like sat on top
when i woke up after sleeping
every time i gave it another chance
stopped using once i broke out
gave it three chances
finished a bottle hoping it gives me some what changes for my skin
this one i tossed
it took 2 months for my skin to return back to normal
after that i broke out
i grew tired of being patient with this product as i was waking every morning after having slept with this product on my face all night
broke me out immediately
then i ran out of good genes
was left with just luna
that's when i realized that all my results were due to good genes
i gave it a year.
tried this after trying algenist just to give it a shot
my skin went back to normal
actually started to break out
irritating, and erupted my skinwill return
unfortunately the product turned out to be a dud.
this was an utter waste of time
this was an epic fail.
i gave this product 2 months
continued to use it for a few nights until one morning i woke up with a huge blemish
i continued to break out for a week.
any day i wore this
at first i liked it
i tossed it after 3 uses
i tried it two days in a row to give it a fair shot
afterwards my skin looked orangeish
when i first got it it worked great
in store i tried it on my h
this made my face so oily my makeup had all slipped off by the end of the day
i could still smell it while i was trying to fall asleep
this bottle went back to the store
terrible i wore this once with no make up just this alone
i broke out so bad
i wasn't crazy about the gel consistency i ended up returning it for the cream version
i ended up using it on the round-the-eyes areas
when i wore this i was looking greasy at the end of the day
too bad i already threw out the box
at first i loved it
this is my first time trying this br
it happens shortly after i use it
the box to return it
so i returned it.
i saw no results at all
when i first put this on my nose
showed me how hydrating it was on initial application
was in the same boat as when i began-- just with a little less money
i am returning it
loved it the first try
makes my makeup barely last
i ended up getting a small one of this moisturizer bomb
tried this for the first time
was unable to put foundation over it
it felt like it just sat on my skin
i enjoyed this cleanser at first
as soon as i came back to this cleanser
after only one use i had break outs
made me break out
by the end of the day
didn't ever feel like it sank in all the way
the only reason i gave it two stars was because of how fast it absorbed into my skin
this formula felt good at first then as i continued to use it
which is why i gave it 3 stars
i've never broke out that fast ever.
after the third use i realized it was causing my skin to break out
it kind of just sat on my face
by the end of the day
it caused me to break out
i wore it night
then i noticed that when i just wore it on its own
broke up my foundation
it's fourth on the list
this did not firm skin after using for 6 weeks i finally gave up
this morning it looked like i had two black eyes.
i felt it was a waste of money, so i returned it.
when i put on this product over night
i gave it another try a week later
the first time i tried it
it took a while to get out
i did it before i got into the shower
i finished the whole bottle of this night cream
i gave it another chance the other day
use it morning and night.
i will be trying others after this one is finished
broke me out as well.
it just rolled off after 5 minutes
i got the rose/blush
i jumped on it
i tried it one night
it broke me out so bad
the second day i decided to look up the ingredients
and the tiniest bit came out at a time.
i loved it at first
my least favorite part was the clay side ran out when i had over half of the gel side left
thought i'd give this one a shot this time
since i started using it i've had a huge breakout come on all over
this one broke me out
that it broke my skin out
i couldn't take the sent.
rather sat on top
first thing about this is the smell.
another time after i did my normal morning routine
when i first tried it i fell in love
i'll finish using this because i paid for it
my skin was left feeling right
this morning i woke up with at least 4 of them!
this was the first time i put a moisturizer on
am considering returning it
i waited 30 mins before going outside after applying
i woke up this morning with tightness
when i got it home
it went on fine
i returned it after i noticed i started breaking out
took a while to rub in
was let down with this one
finally threw it in the trash
i am going to use up the tube since i threw my receipt away thinking it wouldn't be needed for returns
breakout appeared out of nowhere
i also noticed that when i went to apply my makeup over this
i took this back to the sephora store
as i had a huge deluxe sample that i ended up tossing
i opened it up
when it came to the application
fell off my face
i'd heard that this was a good dupe for the glamglow supermud clearing treatment
bought it as a spot treatment for areas on my face that had been breaking out
this one misses the mark.
i saw a lot of videos on this
told her to get it while it was still on
i broke out while using this
left on for 3 minutes
when it came time to take it off
then i saw the price tag on fresh
i continued to break out
broke me out after pairing with the recommended night cream within 2 weeks
from the first moment i put it on
i felt like my face was on fire
i immediately felt stinging
when i woke up in the morning
i took off one star for the smell which is almost overpowering
i first tried it on my arm in the store
i could barely st
i tried this mask once and i enjoyed it.
then my skin started to break out.
smoother as soon as i took it off
the next day i started breaking out
i think it broke me out a bit
wish i returned it earlier.
when i tries it
i finished up the entire tube.
it felt like i had cement on my face
i followed the directions to the letter
it made me breakout
after that it just seemed to break me out
returned after one use.
it just sat on top of my skin
i just finished using a bottle of juno
dehydration when i started trying this product out
accidentally dropped it once
this broke me out
it broke me out
the final blow was when i looked in the mirror
when i got it home
i threw it out.
two more popped up
my face turned a bit red at first
i tried it three times as a leave on mask overnight
i returned it the next day.
tonight, i tried a double foundation.
that night was the perfect time to try this out
like it was stripped
this balm broke me out immediately.
it definitely assists with taking off any makeup that was missed from my initial cleanup
i broke the rule
this will be returned or exchanged asap.
it gave me a headache
i should have returned this.
after falling for the sales pitch
made me break out.
00 i'm going to use this up first
i would've returned it to sephora
this made my eye water at first
it broke my skin out so bad i had to quit
fell apart s bit
i finally finished a month or so later the product by awkwardly sticking my fingers in the tube
at first i loved it
the stick design was what drew me into purchasing the cleanser
i gave it a shot anyway
i ended up having more break outs than before.
the bottom piece broke off before the first use.
i followed the directions
it just sat on my skin
i smoothed it on my face and walked out the door.
i gave it 2 stars because despite the cons
all other life would be extinguished by the end of the ensuing seven years
after i put it on my face at home
it was because i put this on in the morning
i should have returned it.
i am on the fence about returning it
it gave me a headache.
i gave it a shot.
as soon as i started washing it off i immediately saw that i had breakouts
then after i took it off i put on moisturizer
when i came home later on
after i put it on it was
noticed that i broke out after using this one
the same thing happened
was immediately in love with the scent
i left it on my skin for about 45 minutes
until it broke me out.
looked after this mask
today i felt like i had to
my face became super red
it broke me out unfortunately
seemed to work immediately after one use
i finished my whole jar
just finished the jar last week
i am halfway through the whole pack
we gave the remainder to my son in law to try
it got in my eye
while i had the mask on
it actually burned and broke me out.
after my third use
it broke my skin out so bad
ended up returning it
this is my second time using the same pack
the effects basically wore off
when it came time to take it off
this stuff started out disappointing in the application process
the product ended up making me break out after a week of use
the pearl mask broke me out.
i seemed light going on
however i got the rose sleeping mask
i put a little on earlier
i took a small 20 minute nap with it on
when i woke up my skin did feel refreshed for the first few nights
my skin was soft when i woke up
i tried it two nights in a row
got the same result
i saw no difference in the morning
it was the holiday season
i felt like it ran out very quickly
i just received this product yesterday
i returned it as well
later i realized that duh
for me it just brightened
wanted to try one from a jar
i am almost finished with my full size
i returned this one
on top of it, i saw no improvement.
made me break out
mine broke after just over a year
it broke on me
i am assuming this is because the first laser was so weak compared to the second
i woke up this morning
i took it home
the closest sephora store to me is an hour drive
i immediately stopped using it on my skin
error phase for all of my products as of late
literally half the bottle poured out in 1/2 a second
tried it at night
the first time i put it on
which led to breaking out
if i touched my face
i returned this product.
i knew the risk i was taking
it made me break out every single time
will be trying a different product now that i finished this tub
then came back to see if i was to hard on this product
i also got the night formula
it made me breakout
it has two huge stikes against it : first
the main reason i got it was because it was a gel
i tried this product out of the blue
when i went to get it back out
fist time i had to put a second layer
when i first open the jar
i liked it at first
after dropping 60 bucks on it
at night, i would use this as my final step.
went on the computer for awhile
then went to put foundation on
at first it was ok
i ended up keeping it to finish up the container
recently starting wearing make up
never tried foundation on top of it
when i first tried it
i didn't even have it on 5 minutes before i took it off
i finally decided on the boscia line.
i started with the beauty oil
halfway through the day
i used it till it finished then went back to my drugstore br
my entire face felt like it was on fire
i settled on this one
i rushed to try out this cream
then was touching my face after like why is my h
i finished the jar using it as a night cream
this one he wasn't blown away by.
lifting effect he didn't feel as if it helped overall with his p
stayed around the house without make up
by the end of afternoon
i took a glance at a mirror entering a store
two makeup days in a row went horribly wrong with this product
once i ran out of my eye cream
will finish out the pot of it since it was pretty pricey
the skin around my eyes feels moiturized at the first 10 minutes after applying
i gave it a try for 2 months
i am in my early 30s
i put it on as a night cream for two nights in a row
on the first night i had 1 zit
on the second night i woke up two three zits on my face
this is the first of three products in the immortelle line that i've tried
felt like it just sat on my face
this really just sat on top of my skin.
it was ok while it lasted
it returned with a new look
so i returned it.
it felt like the product sat on there melting all night
after that fell dry again
got it because i recently fell in love with the ceramidin line
the fourth ingredient listed
unfortunately the tube broke apart
the whole top snapped off
i went to get the second tube
the second tube had snapped apart as well
the tops broke off the two i use most
i started using the pink tube first
they actually helped when my skin was breaking out
i gave it 2 stars just for the presentation
i saw this product online
then 3/4 of the way through the bottle the dropper broke
returned it for another
that dropper didn't work from the minute i opened the bottle
i saw almost instant results
i returned my first bottle then got a new one that doesn't work either
i will give it a second chance
exchanged it for another
it was the same way
i liked it at first
i then tried it in the morning under my makeup
when i went to put on a little powder
it was on the same day
i am almost finished the tube
when i wore it at night, i woke up a greaseball.
i went through it to fast
back to the store it went.
it just came with a cost
i am in my early 30's with acne
as i've struggled with it all my life
like a photo finish effect
loved it up until the last time i ordered
i dismissed it as it still seemed to be working
the disappointment came when i ran out of the product after less than a month
saw the high reviews and had high hopes.
the first time i ordered this
i wore this to bed last night
then ordered it immediately
i just finished my entire first jar
figured i would give it a shot
with only 1 night of wearing it
asked me if i had needed to jump start my car
went bare faced the remainder of the day
tried for the first time last night
i got this with the mini foreo
i got it in a set with my luna 2
received this with the mini foreo set
i got this as part of the set with the foreo mini
i got this as part of the mask sampler set
i got this in a sephora favorites box
about 30 seconds after application my entire face felt like it was on fire
it broke me out
the first i've tried in farmacy's br
what a mistake that was
it was the first
i grabbed a sample of this at sephora because it seemed promising
the very first time i tried it
sat funny on the skin
the first two days i wore it i didn't wear
when i did put makeup over it it went all wrong!
the product is greasy and broke me out.
pieces that sat on my face
excitedly applied it the next day before my makeup
then realized it was the product
which to me was proof it was leaving a residue behind
error the three stars
took a while to sink in
got this for 100 pt reward points
i got this as a 100 point reward
i got this as a 10 point reward.
the first time i tried a sample of this face cream i knew instantly that it was something special
i applied this cream before i went to bed
i woke up the next morning
it sat on top on my skin
sat on my skin
it sat on top of my face
cool when i first put it on after my serum settled
had to start my routine over :
broke it when i was 2
to me it smells like smashed leaves
i applied this when i woke up
i ended up returning it.
i ended up returning it
i took the plunge
i will finish the bottle
my skin broke out
went straight to the trash
just got this product
once i found out that their line was at sephora i was stoked
it was barely there
i gave it a chance
at first, i saw amazing results with this.
as time went on
thought i would give it a shot
this broke me out
sorry lapis, back you went.
this oil was the only thing i changed in my routine
cap kept on breaking
i returned that one as well.
broke me out horribly
at first i though maybe it was breaking me out because it was a new product
this one seemed nice at first
this was the only thing i had changed in my routine
as soon as i opened it i was totally taken back by the scent
returned it the same day
i noticed i went through it kind of fast
since the stone settled to the bottom
came back in stock immediately after the sale ended
finished the bottle with no results
at the time it wasn't held at sephora
my skin looked the same after use
ended up returning it before i could really experience any benefit
was almost out of it
after finishing the whole bottle
i followed the instructions exactly
i waited to write this review until i finished the entire jar
the next morning i was still broken out
i gave up on it when i realized it was causing milia around my eyes
unfortunately it was a bust
i will finish what is left
i am almost finished with the container
i still have about half of the container left
i'll finish using what i have left
i felt it was a waste of money
i am almost gone through the entire bottle
i am sending it back.
came across the farmacy line
if i smiled or moved my face around
thought i was out of the product
then took off another star
at first i thought this was making a difference
after about a week i've decided to return it due to the price
i opened the container to get some out
where was the product?
i wanted to return this product right after my first trial with it
i've put it on an hour before bed before
it was thick when i first opened the bottle
this was a dud for me
unfortunately i jumped on this product's b
i started trading one product of the line
gave it a couple tries and then returned it.
by the end of the day
however it broke me out so badly
at first i thought it was my imagination
broke me out immediately
i finally succumbed to accutane a couple of years ago after trying everything under the sun for years to no avail
i still broke out each
i popped into sephora told them my routine
wound up returning it.
it broke me out badly
it was the only thing i took out of my routine
i am returning this.
this broke me out unfortunately
i've struggled with breakouts for years
i'd try this in the morning
like it never sunk in
i received this in my sephora play box
i woke up with a huge zit the day after i tried this product
had to return mine bc winter is right round the corner
i received in my play box
i want to give it a second chance.
unfortunately, it came up short.
can't wait to be finished my jar
dirt was left behind
since this came in a gift set
gave it two star
i gave this to my husb
thought i'd give it a shot
i continued to break out
thought i'd give this a shot
i started to break out too
then came the tingling.
was shocked at how quickly this product ran out
is now on my second bottle of the product
sending it to the us
made me break out
i brought it back
before i received this in my play box
i received this in my sephora play box
i got this in my play box this month
i received this in my august play box
for $62 i won't give this product a second look
thinking of returning this product.
my eyes have reverted to their earlier
since it has to be the first thing i put on my face after cleansing
ended up returning it
dried in one second before i could spread it over my face
woke up the next morning with red bumps all in the area i put it in
threw it away instantly!
i finished a bottle of this
since i have finished a bottle of this
this is the third murad product i've tried
s don't take opened products back
i did use the entire bottle and saw zero results.
i've had this one pimple scar that i had literally the same week that my order with this came in the mail
made me break out
it broke me out.
the first time i put it on
the product showed some result in the first week i tried it
i also started breaking out like crazy
i saw no results
i've finally given up on this product
first night i tried it i got a little red
the following morning my face had broken out
started to break out this was ok to use one a week for me
foundation-i followed the directions
it stung my eyes every time i stopped
when returning it leaked over other stuff i wanted to return
i tried both this
it gave me the same reaction
the third day i went to go wash my face at night it felt rough
fast forward to the next morning
those little dots had turned into acne spots i had never had before
i tried it in the evening again
i've never had this before in my life so the next morning i went to the dermatologist
he immediately walked me over to murad
said this helped him
i tried this for 2 months and saw nothing happen
being in my late 20s
this went back to the store
the second week i started to break out bad
after only the second day using this
this product was working so well for the first two week cleared up my skin
it took my skin about a month to get back to normal
one day i went into sephora
then my acne came back and worst.
i'll finish off the bottle
i followed the directions
waited a week until my skin went back to normal
this one was a pass
was greeted with a rough
i went through a whole jar
oil that came off
after three days of using, i broke out horribly!
when this product came out
i gave this product 3 stars because of the price
finally just tossed it.
on the pro side
after i finished the entire container
i am almost done with my first treatment
i took 2 stars off because of 1
received in my play!
i received this as part of my sephora play box this month
had to pick it off
put on my tried
waste of a box this month!
i got this in my sephora play box this month.
received this in this month's play box
this one really fell short for me
i felt like it took no make up off
i should've done before ordering
i saw the price
when i first saw
i fell in love
effect it had on my skin was amazing
i recently ran out of my last cleanser
it sank into my skin after about 10 minutes
after an hour or two of just being in my house my t-zone started to get oily
had to send it back.
felt like it just sat on top overnight
