i didn't return it after a week because i thought that i should let at least try it more
relief didn't last very long
as soon as i put it on i immediately washed it off
so much son that i would never purchase again
thought this would help
i definitely regret not waiting until more reviews came in because i definitely had the same issue as a few others have mentioned
i don't think i could justify the high price of this just to use it once in a while when my skin gets irritated
i will be returning this
not sure if i will repurchase haven't decided.
but for now i will use the whole thing.
didn't see any improvements around my eyes after using this for a month
hoping that i would be able to tell the difference
will be returning it as soon as possible
i get a kick out if every time i use it.
you will probably never see a cooler looking mask on
have wanted to try a glamglow mask for a while now
will not be buying this.
was excited to try one that might be able to actually firm up skin
other peel offs that claim take the same about to dry are ready to go
there are plenty of serums that can do that without the wait time
i don't think i will be purchasing again once this runs out
she suggested i try to return the product if i still have half left
doubt they would take it back
i would not buy this again despite how nice peel off masks feel they just aren't all they are cracked up to be
keep hoping something will happen
it would be okay for day
you have no idea you're almost out until the last pump
glad i got to try a bit before buying!
i wish it would have helped my skin
i eventually have to just wash it off because it was
decided to try it again last month
i won't purchase this again.
will probably return it
i don't think i will purchase it again
am 27 so just starting to age
i figured this deluxe sample would help me decide if i wanted to shell out some $$ to continue using it
i break out when i use this
if not for that, i'd be using it forever.
you always get a bit of product shot out at you when you click it closed
not for me at least.
if you want this for priming the under-eye for makeup then this is a great product for that
decided to give it a try
then you have to re open the top
when you close it more comes out then you have too much again
if when i run out
i hardly use this since then
once i personally tried it though
this may be good for early to mid 20s.
which i could look past
i would just save my money
both times i have had to return the product because the opening that dispenses the product has not been properly die cut out
on to the next thing.
got it as a point perk.
would not purchase again
i may buy it again or i'll get the all about eyes de-puffer which i used all through college
think if the next few eye creams don't work for me
decided to try this since i love the regular so much
i just wanted something that would keep the area looking young now that i'm nearly 40
if i could give this product zero stars, i would.
thought the day cream would be fitting
i too it back to sephora
they have had some returns before too!
would not buy again.
for some reason murad and i never get along.
if it made me break out
however by the time i get to work
so with summer here
definitely won't buy it again.
not sure i would try a murad product again.
probably won't buy again after i'm done.
i could see no difference in the before
i won't be trying it again
i will return it.
i can't see myself using them in the future after this
i am going to have to return this product
then be able to return them
right now i would not buy it again not recommend it
i wouldn't buy it again
it doesn't even last my full work day
i will continue to use until it runs out
ok it will take time
i will keep looking,
now that i’ve spent $100 on it i’m going to finish it
i won’t buy this again
for one thing if you try putting makeup on top of it
now i believe it.
grab a sample to try out for at least a week before you part with your money
thought this was going to work i put this on
i decided to try it again the next day thinking i may have used to much
going to use for a week
will be returning it.
at least that really will make your lines go away for a long period of time
i need to send this back
now i have to fix it
although it did eventually do so
see if it gets better or send it back
i don't think i'll be purchasing this again
was hoping this would replace both
wanted to try a high-end
i've never had this problem before
not really sure where all of the 5 stars come into play from the previous reviews
i won't be buying again.
i think it will be the last
won't be purchasing this again
i would put this on
i will not be buying this product again.
my skin looked nice immediately but did not last.
i definitely wouldn't bother purchasing again
i decided to try this one
i still continued to break out using this
i would not purchase again
i just haven't found that to be the case
definitely won't be buying it again
i am returning it soon
hopefully this will be a keeper
thought i would give this one a try that someone had gifted me in the black
i will never use it again.
will never use again!
however this was not my experience.
i wish i would have kept my receipt!
i'll go back to that next fall/winter.
gel would not come out
actually created a wrinkle next morning
by the next day my little lines were back too
wanted to wait the entire month before reviewing
hoping i'd be able to give or a glowing review
i really wanted to try this before taking the next step
after 3 days it still is not coming out onto my skin
it may work for you
probably won't purchase again.
set out to try something new
hopefully it works for others!
i will be returning this next time i go to sephora because it's just an overall horrible product
i feel like once it soaks in it leaves a film that you can feel once you wash your face later in the day
i really had high hopes for this face cream.
i will be returning this to my local sephora tomorrow
i would never put this on in the am
overall, i would not buy this again.
i will not be purchasing this again.
i want to at least enjoy the smell
sure enough i broke out again
if they made this into just a mask i would repurchase it
i would not purchase it again.
i would not buy it again for that reason.
i decided i wanted to try out their different lines
/or never helped at all
once you put it on you barely notice it
probably still be straight
unfortunately it made me break out after just two uses
as soon as anything burns i give it maybe a minute to see if it disappears
i won't be using it again or purchasing
the smell wouldn't be an issue next time
i wanted to try it again
once those are gone
there is still easily a week product left
not sure i can justify buying again.
for something i could use at night
where i never ever break out
decided to give it a try
will continue to search for the next best thing.
i will not be repurchasing again.
because usually even when i put my mosterizer on
yet here they are :
was really hoping this would help
horrible and will probably be returning.
the last thing i want is to waste product
i'd give it zero stars if i could
overall i would never purchase this
thought i would give it a try
i rarely return things, but i returned this!
i think it could make some break out
i am just not sold on it.
i will give it more time so do its magic before i say it is a miss
now i'm struggling to get it back
only good thing is the first 1 minute you apply it
i never use this.
maybe it would be good to use at night
or just for the umdereyes
would never re buy for this price.
will definitely not be purchasing
was hoping this would be something that i would want to take on the long plane ride
this is a miss for me...
i am still trying to clear my skin 7 days later
it does depuff my eyes when i use this in the morning
i will be returning this.
i won't purchase it again
i tested it on 5 more friends to be sure
i decided to give it a go
but unfortunately i'll be returning...
i don't think i'll be purchasing it again when i run out
i will not purchase again
so this is going back to the store
i tried this product hoping it would help reduce the oil on my face
as soon as i put it on in the morning
i always notice a new blemish that wasn't even coming on before application
decided to give this a try
will not buy again
now that i have used it for a while i do not see any improvement at all
also i have come to realize that it has no spf.
i will try something different from them next time
i would never buy this.
i've even tried to do one side of the face at a time
if you don't like holding onto your money then go for it
my first thought was why do they need to add an extra step to their mask?
will not use again.
will be returning this as soon as possible.
would give this zero stars if i could.
i could take it or leave it.
had hope that it would be something special
i would keep it
was hoping this product would help
same cycle over and over again.
i will use until it runs out
i will not be purchasing again
i swear as soon as i started using this
i will not repurchase this just for that reason.
it will probably be good to have to clean face after no makeup days or after workouts
but i probably would not buy again.
i will not be buying from this line ever again unless b
i wish they would bring the old one back.
i decided to try this product after seeing it in allure
i gave this a try to see if something "different" would work for me
i wouldn't buy again
then i try this
it would never "sink" into my skin
once i put it on i felt like my skin couldn't breath
i never felt like the product fully absorbed into my skin
i'll try something else before i would repurchase this
i might come back to it in the future for a 2nd try
however, it seems to break me out.
i will be returning.
i decided to give this a try
as soon as i put this on
wanted to love it but had to return!
this will probably be fine
my eyes themselves would be
i went through every single thing it could possibly be
when my trial is out, i will not get it again.
which i never get from the cream
i may try it again once i start cleansing again with the drunk elephant juju bar
it may work for you
i'll probably continue to purchase until i find something better
i wish i could use it because it probably has great potential to brighten skin
i can only wear this once a week which seems like a waste of a product
i'd use the whole thing before reviewing just in case something magical happens after a certain amount of time
however i had to return this
however, you have got to get past the smell.
it may end up working
not in the way i expected
i will be returning it.
goes away after 5 minutes so this is not really an issue
i wouldn't wear this one in the day time
i will be returning tomorrow in hopes of finding something for sensitive/oily skin
however i'll have to return this
even if i put it on before bed
i like to use it in the morning only if i am going to wear make up that day
i decided to quit wasting my money on them
was hoping this would help hydrate the area
never using this again.
now everything i buy is a let down
not going to buy again
will not be buying again
however when i put it on
you are bound to have breakouts the next day
despite knowing all of this i was willing to try it
it may work for you
hoping it would work for me
then when you actually apply it it feels okay
until it starts to sting so bad that you want to go ahead
i loved this as soon as i got it.
won't be buying it again
i never get pass 24 uses
they will haunt me forever!
this won't allow that
after about a month i realized that i have not usual breakout
even then i still have some left over residue
let me start by saying that by the st
i definitely plan to keep using it though
i used it for a week to see if it was just my skin being upset with a new cream
was hoping this would do the trick
i did feel it tighten my skin as soon as i started using
will keep trying day vs
not sure if maybe i need to adjust the amount
i will continue to use at night
i even saw a plastic surgeon who said what they put in them cause an issues under my one eye if i didn't get shots to replace that ingredient for a year i would always have this issues now
thought i would give them a try to fix what was going on with my eyes because at this point i just wanted them to look like what they did before i started using eye patches
maybe if i used them first i may have had more luck
they can stay on for like an hour because there not paper at drys up like what i was using before
however i used them for about two weeks to see if i saw anything change because sometimes it takes awhile
he tried the rest of them
i decided to go ahead an apply them.
would add up to be 180 dollars for the amount you're getting here
i won't repurchase this product again
i think i'll be returning.
will not purchase again.
i will be returning this eye cream
will finish up the bottle to see if anything changes
but will probably not purchase again.
my concealer just slides around when i try to apply it too soon
tried it as soon as i got home
it immediately wants to "bounce" back into the jar
i tried it every way i could
by the package and even leaving it on.
unwilling to accept i was going to have to go back to square one for a new tried
will not be purchasing this again.
i used it again the next night
will not use again
am going back to them
had to reapply 5 minutes later because my skin was already super dry again
i would not buy this again.
it just did not do enough for me to go ahead
'll keep this one short
i never ever break out
it will definitely fall short
for this price i expected to see or feel something
once you get close
the only way you can get to it would be to use your fingers
" when i'm on the go
i would love this if it had spf in it.
i would not recommend putting it all over your face
i will stick with one i already use
instead of being removed when saying the truth
i will probably send it back.
its going back to the store
in addition to the price i will not be purchasing this again
the reason i ultimately returned it
i would however recommend to only use this at night
i'd consider trying it out again
even with just use at night
i decided to give it a 3/5 overall because it may be good for some one
i tried it twice anyway
i would only recommend using this before going to bed
it will maybe last a month it's so small
wish i could return it.
t had to go back
would not buy again.
i would give this zero star if i could.
i always use double moisturizer if i put on this first to make sure i won't have dry situation when i apply my make up
will try the whipped cream next to see if that works better
i tried it once
this was going to be my first try for that br
those will never leave my skin care line
since i'm 20 i still get break outs now
will not purchase it again.
i apply twice because once is not enough
not something that i would buy again
didn't even get the jar open before realizing that i was going to have to return it due to the overwhelming scent
i decided to give this product a go
i will not be using this again
i would give this zero stars if i could.
that is a shame since i had high hopes!
i will be returning this.
i would give a zero star review if i could.
so at least it has that going for it.
once it goes on my skin
if that was even possible
will be returning asap.
i cannot speak to how well this works over the long-haul because i had to wash it off after about 10 minutes when the smell did not go away
didn't make significant changes to my skin for me to want to buy it again
never purchase it again
if you want something to add a pearl essence to your under eye then go ahead
when you move your face you feel it crack on the surface meaning it never absorbed in
the same thing happened again
i will be returning this.
then i did not see any further improvement
i wish i realized this sooner before the 3month return period was uo
also it lasts me awhile.
unfortunately i was unable to use this for more that 2 weeks
i got this as a 100 point perk
then you might like this
the smell long enough to leave it on
although that will fade after a while
i'd probably give it one or two stars without the smell
i always break out when i change products
strong enough so that even when i woke up the next day i could still smell it
not the full size because it would be going right back
was hoping this would help with that
for the price tag it will be going back.
'll keep using it until it's gone
unless it starts really clearing things up soon
the rest of the formula may not be
get a tester to see if this is right for you before you purchase an entire bottle
will not be purchasing this product again.
decided to buy it because i needed a moisturizer for my eyes
won't be buying again.
i waited to review until i used it long enough to know if it has made a difference or not
i wanted to give it time in case i needed to "get used to" it
i've never experienced anything like that before
i will not be using this ever again.
as much as i wanted to love this i had to return it
i kept going with it to see if i could learn to like it
never in my life had break out issues
try it out for a week or so before deciding on purchasing
turned out to be true
i wish this product played well with my skin because i saw the benefits immediately
wanted to keep using it, but had to stop.
i did not have a single breakout for months before using this
had to try it out
clarins, please bring back the old formula!
thought that could be it
t would last longer
really just wish they would have never discontinued the correcting cream :
time to try to make this work
won't repurchase this ever again nor recommending to people who have the same skin type as me
not sure i will repurchase.
i still probably have another 2 months of using it left
wait until there was enough for me to use
i returned this and i wouldn't recommend it.
the new one you have to pump about 25 times to get what you need for your face
for me i'm going to return this
i won't go out of my way to buy it.
this may work for you
am going to have to use it by itself again to see if it feels hydrating
i will revisit this moisturizer come summer.
i couldn't give it one star because i've been using it on top of an oil
i wish i could see from outside how much product was left in the bottle
tried all week with no good results.
i would never spend money on this
as soon as i put it on my skin completely drank it
i will not be using this product again.
i stopped using it for awhile
will not buy again
i just decided to try it again
i should have left this one alone
most of the time you get what you pay for
we will see if after i run out if i notice any changes
i just use it at night.
if you are too then this might not be a fit for you
so returning it is going to be a challenge
it's still as strong as when i first put it on
i decided to give it a chance
was only able to use it one time
i know it is the moisturizer because my skin will be clear until i use one
decided to give it a try
i did not try the product again because there were dry patches on my face the next morning
which would be fine in winter
unfortunately, i will not be purchasing it again.
will probably take it back :
then spend money to solve
i'll keep using it until i run out
i don't think i'll buy this again
unsure if i will be purchasing it again
so will continue using until i run out
great packing... but i wont be re buying
but wouldn't purchase again.
i won't purchase it again.
will be returning it.
haven't tried the new one yet
i don't think would buy again
they make me breakout
i tested it at once per day to make sure that my skin wouldn't react
but i wouldn't buy it again
also, unfortunately, it made me break out.
my problem with this is that it made me break out
but i will have to return it.
if i wear it at night
i wouldn't return it but i also won't repurchase.
i really had high hopes for this.
just as i had expected
decided to try it although it had only one very good review
i've never had any before
that there would be no other product out there that would work in 2 weeks
i wish i could love this since its so light
i never break out.
sure, it was cooling but that was about it.
this one is a no go
definitely would never buy again.
too bad that it takes more then then one to fully moisturize your face
i'll use it up but i won't rebuy.
i won't buy it again
you definitely need to apply this on quickly
which i think would turn some people off.
i only use at night as the scent does not go away
i probably won't bother with it again
but i still would recommend it!
i definitely wouldn't buy this again.
you just have to let it set for at least several minutes before putting on anything else
it did make my foundation last longer
it did not help make my makeup last longer
it did help with my makeup staying on all day
i'll probably give it away
however, it still won't work for me.
i tried to make this work.
unfortunately i had to return this.
sadly, it is going back!
so of course i had to try it
have no idea how anyone can put on make up after this product
i'll probably continue doing this just to not waste the product by throwing away
but i don't recommend and would never buy again
this one was a fail for me.
not sure i would purchase again when the bottle runs out
have no reason to ever be interested in this again
not sure if this one will stay in the rotation
on the off chance it would work for me
this did not last for long
i expect at least a good run at oil control
then another time with foundation
was hoping this would mattify
hoping that maybe it could work on days when i go barefaced
luckily i was able to return in
get my money back
i did not return this item upon its first use.
wanted to give it a chance.
i really gave it a chance for a month or so
it should at least do something
then i was more oily then i would have been if i didn't use this
that still have never worked for me
this would be fine if you had a short day planned
got ready for work
so this might be going back to the store.
maybe i'll try it again mixed with a primer
try to make it work
it was not to be
not sure if i will repurchase.
however it is just okay
when i first heard about this it sparked my interest because i was hoping it would allow me to try some new foundations that i wouldn't usually use
i think i will keep this product
if i am going out with the girls one night i might use it
then after putting it i on by itself
i really had high hopes for this.
will not purchase again.
i wanted to try this line instead of rodan
would never use again
not only did i notice my fine lines growing in the first week
will not be buying this again.
won't buy it again.
was hoping that it will lift
i won't continue using this but he will
sephora has one of the best return/exchange policies out there i am just wondering why you cannot take it back??
they have never let me down
really wish i could return this.
hasn't had a problem with it at all
try it again in winter
i also think it could be fine as a night moisturizer
however, this was a big miss for me.
but, every time i use this product, i break out.
so decided to try this cream
you will go through this product very quickly
it felt so great all night that i decided to purchase it on my own later
then i had no choice
as soon as i stopped using it though
:) i hope this helped someone!
it is going back.
i didn't notice any benefits that next morning
this one is a miss
it was fine, but not a game changer.
then i think it'd be great:
i could not put foundation on on top of this.
if you can get past the smell
i wouldn't pick this up again.
i finally was able to get my h
which is probably why i break out every time i tried to use it
i won't be purchasing it again
will not be purchasing this going forward.
maybe winter is not the right time for it?
it was like high school all over again.
i wouldn't purchase again due to not really illuminating
i able to look past that
unfortunately after trying it for a day or two
i tried it a few times to see if i could get over the smell
not even 4 hours of having it on
i've never had a face product break me out like this
and lastly immediately caused me to break out.
for $140 i truly wish the company would improve the packaging as this would be the reason why i will not buy it again
will most likely switch back to a cream that's half the price that does the same thing
i felt like i was never able to completely rinse this product off
my skin still continues to break out
they need time to work
all i really want is something that will take off my make up at the end of the day
i still like it alone though on days when i skip foundation/makeup
then this is for you
but i still use it.
but probably won't repurchase.
i wanted to give it a try
i won't buy it again.
probably will not ever buy after my sample is gone
that i could find
i put it on today
those are all products i always come back to
so when you use this always wash it off your face at the end of the day
going to have to toss this one
just here to say that this came in my play box
if you're looking into this product, pass on it.
not going to be a future purchase for me.
i checked myself once more
it takes forever to fully soak into the skin if it ever does
or at least be sure to get a sample or smell it in store to see if it you can st
i don't think i'll purchase again.
i tried this only once
never will i ever use this product again!
won't purchase again due to the smell.
after about a week of use i think it might be causing breakouts :
i will give this product a break
revisit it in a couple weeks to see if it's causing the breakout :
though i did break out a little the next day
i tried it once
i would still recommend people try it because aside from my breaking out i like it
it did make my face breakout
i don't think i'll use this again.
glad because i would never pay full price for this
i could tell i was starting to break out as well.
then go for it
let me break down the name of this product
i will finish it up but i wouldn't repurchase.
will not be buying this product again
don't expect to buy this again.
just put my makeup on top of it because i cant just wait around all day
sadly had to return this one
i would not try it again.
i decided that it would be the perfect time to try it
know that i'll never find a moisturizer that'll keep the oil at bay for longer than 6hrs
it seems to be hit or miss for most people
did no one test this before they put it on the shelf?
especially if i will be putting on makeup
i could get past that
i would probably buy it again
definitely will not purchase again.
once i started using this i got so much
i hoped this would be my salvation
stays that way on me all day
the cashier told me to open it just to make sure
might just order it
once i added this to my routine
which hopefully i will be able to heal
it makes me breakout very next day
one of my problems is that it didn't last long at all
i used the entire bottle just to be sure
will not purchase again.
decided to give it a try
open my first use decided that i will not purchase again
unfortunately this peel does not live up to the rest of the line
still have yet to see a difference
would not buy again.
i will never purchase again!
i tried it twice and will be returning it
you will not get it all off in one
100% not putting that back on my face.
definitely will not be buying this product however i am going to dig up my copper eyeshadow to use for the fall
until i tried it.
have never had this issue
i would not use again
this will be going back.
let me start off by saying i loved every origins face mask i tried
i would not purchase again
i decided to give it a try
as soon as i felt it on my face
no way will i repurchase this ever again
does not take off make up
this however made me break out like crazy
i used it once and it's going back.
i would keep adding it to my loves whenever i placed an order
i expected to at least see or feel a difference in my skin after using this mask
i may try again in the summer.
does not last all day
i will continue to use until it's gone
not sure if i will repurchase
time to try another one...
i did enjoy the product that i was only able to try a couple of times
the product definitely does tighten almost immediately
will use until gone
i wouldn't buy this moisturizer again because of the reasons above
when this is gone i will not repurchase
everyone should start early
haven't had breakout probs in years until today
going back to return this.
will return and try something different.
i decided to give it a try
i decided to try again
i like this but would not purchase again.
only at the moment you put it on
then there was the consistency
had to pump twice more to be able to get a correct amount in my palm
try it again in the morning
i convinced myself to use this product for the next five days after to just see if maybe it would pay off in the long run considering how much i paid for this product
because of the product delivery fail i think i've used too much to be able to return it
'll have to now spend more to get something that will fix my skin
will not be using this again
will i buy it again
this is a pass for me .
i wouldn't use it again.
i would love love love to buy this product just to try it out for a long duration of time
box and will not be adding this to my routine.
i will then make the decision to purchase at that time
will not buy again.
will be returning tomorrow
i believe this made my face breakout also.
knew it had to be this product since i never break out on my cheeks
i could smell the alcohol as soon as i put some in my h
will never buy this
it felt okay immediately after applying
10 minutes later it did not feel like i moisturized at all
almost no one should.
probably won't purchase this product
especially during summertime so when i received this in my august play
i am sending this back because it does not mattify at all
this definitely still made me oily a lot i probably won't purchase again :
the only bad thing about this product is that after two days of using this my face completely broke out
it may just be me
i don't plan on purchasing again
was hoping this would be a moisturizer i could wear all year long
i would never purchase this product again.
will not buy again.
i don't think i would buy it again.
i definitely won't buy it again i have dryer skin
luckily it was just a sample but never again.
this one is going back
last time i will ever use this
i just got to remove at most 75% of them
not even halfway through the bottle
my skin got so clear again
noticed there was a new pimple exactly the same kind right next to the other one
i will continue to use what i have left
i can run the back of my h
im going to keep using it to give it a shot
i hope they change the scent
if your going to be 80$
after having two different people recommend it i decided to try it
i'd eventually start seeing results
will be going back to trying the luna oil
one time use and never again.
be careful with how long you leave it on
not enough that i'd try it again
hairline all day even though i don't put it anywhere near them
i will likely finish the jar
i would never purchase
i will not be purchasing this product again
once it came off my face felt even more dry then its ever been
i got this as a 100 point perk
the product would not come off!!
wouldn't purchase it unless i felt i had some cash to blow on a splurge
which is why it got 2 starts
i would have given it one
not going to spend any money on this product
i would not invest in it again
i wanted to live it and had high hopes.
i will pass on this for sure.
tried to give this new one a chance
it's going back to the store.
when i put it on
so glad i did not buy this product as it would be going back to sephora
i wanted to try it out
i wanted to give it a try
then, it takes quite a while to set.
when i want to take it off
now i wish i'd just returned it after the first go
i won't buy this one again
this one will sadly be going back
will not be re purchasing after i finish this tube
however didn't peel off all at once.
hoping that this was would be just as good
i didn't use it continually once a week
probably won't use again.
i'll sadly have to return this one.
i wish i returned it and got my money back.
im sure in time it may help with crows feet
thought i would give this a try
also will not be purchasing this again
did not find that this absorbed quickly
so this had to go back :
that why i decided to try this products out
what a shame, i had high hopes for this one.
i will no be trying this again.
see if i change my mind on it
again you use a little
but they work the same for me.
after letting it sit for the minimum suggested time
i figured it would fade after an hour or so
even on to the next
this more than likely won’t be touching my face again
wait an entire day before applying this to your face
i won't be trying this brand again.
i will be returning this product unfortunately
unfortunately as soon as i put it on
i dealt with it to see what the end result would be like
unless you use it every day then it's going to be sitting around for a while
for $56 i would also like it to deliver on the hydration front as it's winter time right now
i just bought this hoping it would be my forever go to acne helper
i don't think i would buy it again
it is not a winner for me
even after adding the water
i then got three pimples not sure if it was for that
better luck next time.
will continue to see if any improvement
was hoping it would do *something* for my skin
i'll continue using it till i finish it
they are supposed to be there
i will be returning it though.
i tried it out once
i wouldn't use it again.
if i had my receipt still
it would have gone back to the store immediately
i tried it again today
is taking forever to get back to normal
i let it sit for about 5 minutes.
then you are done
it was a waste of money since i cannot return it after using the whole bottle
probably won't buy again.
i decided to give this a try
there is no way in the world you could get this to go on smoothly
could only get some of face done
will not buy again.
so when this was the only thing i added into my routine
if i notice any change i'll be sure to addend this review
then had to just use another cleanser
might be going back to my old stand-by
even when i take break
come back to this the bumps come back every time
i don't know if i'd purchase again.
unfortunately i had to return
feels good immediately after application
i might be going back to my old stand-by.
i tried again using it alone straight after cleansing without anything else
not sure if i would play full price though.
i probably won't use this cream again
i wouldn't not purchase again.
thought i would give this a try
had been too lazy to return within the refund period
not sure if i should keep trying it a few more times or return it
all i said was the pump should be changed to a dropper because the pump makes me lose a lot of product
however that is not the case
i put this on before going to work
this is something that i definitely will not even think about purchasing again
i think i need to return it since there is no point keeping it
next i tried to use my make up to see how it looked
after using it for a month under my foundation i have come to the conclusion it does not work
it appears that it would be light
they really need to make this in at least 'light
like it enough to buy again
will not be buying again.
next my eyes are always foggy after i use this.
so how does this hold up?
i can put it on my face
said that i would use it
i just bought this and had really high hopes.
again it didn't work well for my eyes
it will have to go back.
ill use it up, but won't buy it again.
wanted to try it out
for me i was hoping it would be that
keep the recipt in case you need to return this
it'll be just a waste of time
will not use again.
i would have given it 5 stars
thought for sure this would be a winner
unfortunately i will return
those two products did not settle well for me
i wanted to like this because i've tried other it products before seeing it at sephora
hoping it would work
however this primer does not allow product to be put over it
ultimately, i had to return.
it was almost like this primer never set properly
it didn't help my make up stay on at all
was hoping this was going to work
i wouldn't buy again.
will not be buying this again
never have i ever been told i look exhausted as much as i have this past month
regret the day i decided to stop using it to try the two week challenge because it did not work for me at all
decided to give it a try
looks like i'm back on the hunt for something else
i won't be purchasing this again.
won't be making the mistake a 3rd time.
i would not buy again.
as if i never put cream on
if i could return it, i would.
i've never had any issue with any eye cream
i will write again when i have used it longer.
will post again when i see more
tight which has never before been a problem for me
i decided to try it out
once i started using this i had crazy breakouts on all areas of my face
maybe i will try it again in the winter when it's drier
i only put this on once.
i will not be purchasing this again.
after the first week of trying to use this a day moisturizer it did not work well with any of my foundations
i decided to try this
won't re-buy it once it's gone
and i will only use it at night.
strong enough that i've finally given up
if i could get a liquid version of it the way i can with the ceramidin
i felt like after washing the products off my skin was finally able to breath again
i need to get around to returning it.
won't purchase again....obviously.
my hope was that it would make my skin tone look even enough on days i wanted to go without foundation
you have to make sure you are washing it off completely at the end of the day
i eventually stopped using it on my face
will not buy again or recommend it
sadly i have to bring it back.
will not be using again!
that i get during the fall
hoping that i would be the kind or results other people have been seeing
i will keep trying to use it to see if my opinion changes
got back to using it again
will not be buying it again
if i'm going to spend $50 on a product i expect to love it
thought i would give it a try
i get to try it out for a decent amount of time before i review
i would i buy again
i only had to try it once to know it was not for me
this is a no-go for me.
when i put this on
it however broke me out whenever i used it
be set for the day
if any change at all
at the end of the day it had found its way into every dry patch i didn't even know i had
so i'm returning this pronto.
my foundation before i let anyone see me every day
sadly i will be returning it.
we had to return it.
i am going to return this because it feels heavy
i will be returning.
i am going to continue to use for a while longer
definitely not using it again
hopefully my skin goes back to normal
but not sure re-purchase this any time soon.
i got this as a point perk
i definitely will not purchase.
when i do wear a full face of makeup i will be using this to take it off
i want to work the product into place before that step
i at least expect most of the makeup to come off
after reading so many positives about this product i decided to go ahead
it just was not working out
although this product did remove all my make up
before you buy this
would not purchase again
it makes me want to throw up immediately
never use it again!
never had this happen before.
maybe this will work for you
having it on regularly to see if it actually makes any improvement in my skin
i definitely won't be purchasing this.
this finish does not play well when you try to spread something over top
once again everyone has different skin
i've never had this happen
i'd only wear it at night because of that
i definitely will not purchase this or even try it again
then put this on my face
then tried it again to see if this was the culprit
now i regret that i tried it again.
unfortunately this had to go back to sephora.
i found that even if i let it set for awhile before applying my foundation
will definitely return this product.
never did anything to improve it never soaked just stayed on top
i don't think i'll buy it again though
i love the regular when hope is not enough
will be happily returning this.
i never break out
it seems like it would almost be a night time mask
immediately knew i would not even be finishing the sample size
that was not the case at all
tried it again tonight
every time i apply this, i break out like crazy.
won't be buying again.
i did keep using it hoping for a change
if you wash it off immediately, you won't notice.
i like to leave it one
if my skin would have stayed clear
i wish i had gotten the firmarine set
yet somehow completely failed to remove any of my makeup at the same time
definitely won't use again.
i will definitely continue to use it
when i got it the bottle was not closed correctly so some thing were oily
won't be re-buying this
i tried using it again
i wish it came with that!
even if you run it under water its so hard to get the bar actually clean
in the end though
said she would recommend it to everyone
'm gonna give it time to see if i will repurchase
then i would use the bar.
i wouldn't go out of my way to purchase this set.
have not allowed enough time to see the results
if it is i didn't see one since i used it once
i did only use it once
unfortunately this will be going back :
i'll probably use it up since it's past the time frame i can return it
i will not be buying this again.
this will last you for a very, very long time.
that was enough for an eye
i tried it again
never straying from my faves again to try
wouldn't buy it again
i will return this.
hopefully people will have the heart to let this be posted
i got this as a 100 point perk
i may spring for another 100 point perk to get me through the rest of winter
but this product is a let down.
not for all over the face
as soon as i did
if i was 10 again then i'd probably think it was cool
i would give this zero stars if i could.
i've never said this about a product
this would be a good bet
because i can't return or exchange it like i'd be able to if i had purchased the full size
i'll never get those points back
i will give it one star because it could work well as not a moisturizer
unless you're going for a 'i just came from the sparkle factory' look for a couple days
i got this as a 100 point sephora perk
if i could give zero stars i would
when i swatched it was not on my face at all
this however, was a bit of a fail for me.
even still i had a couple of friends come up to me
unfortunately i will not be using it in the future
thought i'd give this one a try
hope i can find a way to return in.
wish was half the price
it did not go on smoothly.
was really hoping this would help
for a broke college student i was excited to be able to afford this after saving some money
i wish i could return this however i don't have the box to it
not sure if i would buy this again.
maybe i need to keep using it to see results
i will be returning
i will continue to use so see if i see any more changes
i tried this product for about 3 weeks before writing this review hoping to give it a good shot
was hoping this might be the one
i think i was able to use it for a good week.
no, this is one i will not purchase again.
not sure maybe i have to use the product for a longer period of time
at least not enough to spend the money or add another step to my morning routine
not sure if it was because i had no puffy eyes to begin with?
i probably will not purchase this with my own money
i knew when i put it on the first time i'd likely have a skin problem with it
see if there's any improvement as i have only used it consecutively for about 5 days so far
for me to keep using it
will be returning it
so this is sadly going back
my skin did not feel any different the next morning
it does eventually go away
definitely get a sample of this before buying if possible
then i would get this all the time
with all the serums out there i would never use this one
it did not wear under make up at all.
i'll keep trying it to be sure.
however after i put foundation
i tried it again with a different foundation
cause when i use it now
this was a no go for me
for some reason it wants to sit on top of my skin around my t zone
it could just be me?
i tried to give it a chance
i will not be buying again
i also tried letting it sit for awhile
know whether something will work for me within a week
even though i had just put on a full face of make up
i didn't wear make up the next day either.
will not be purchasing again.
as soon as i started using my benefit total moisture again my face was not dry
'll be using it on 'no makeup' days or at night time
decided to try it out
i'll try something else next.
i figured this would help with those areas
wouldn't buy the charcoal again
i wish i had looked at the ingredients before i decided to try this out
i am glad price was not too high to try it out.
i would use again
i don't think i'd ever buy this again.
not the end of the world
won't be purchasing again
t's not the end of the world
not sure i'll try another from this line based on my experience
once i tried it
that is where it starts
i am not sure if this could be a possible reaction to the cream?
i even did it on half of my face while leaving the other half bare just to be sure
for me this one is going back
i probably will finish this jar by just applying it to me check
since summer is around the corner thought i'd give it a try
i probably wouldn't even use this as an am moisturizer because it would then go under my makeup
when i put it on
i wanted to try something new
thats why i'm giving it at least two stars
repeat again another day.
couldn't apply foundation even after waiting 30 minutes
nothing has ever done that to my face before
i wanted to give it a chance
will be returning it but i liked it.
i won't be purchasing the full size bottle merely on the fact that i think i would go through this way too fast
it never felt like it fully absorbed into my skin
never used it again
will probably throw in the trash
my skin has come a long way ever since i started my new routine
it won't be making it into regulars use for me
maybe by itself it could work
it hadn't fully dried yet
it should come in light
i am going to give this one more shot
this most likely will be returned
i will be returning this.
this product is the first one to actually make me break out
also did not last very long for me.
so why would i bring this instead- plus it might all leak out again
this says that it can be applied before
won't be buying this again
i like to start by saying this product has one job
they looked exactly the same before
have tried it twice now and will be returning.
it was kind of a let down
i will continue using it until it's gone
i will give it two stars
even then they don't all break open.
anyway will keep using it
never had problems like this with skin products before
will be returning this product.
i wanted to fall in love with it
every time i would break out
i still use it about twice a week because i really want it to work
i must be one of the few people that is not a fan of this product
i will be returning this for sure.
do i want to be red or old?
unless the item really messes me up then i pass it on or in last
will not purchase again.
i could not run to the sink fast enough to get it off
figured i should give it a go
first let me say that when i received it
unfortunately i will be returning this.
eventually i decided to switch to another moisturizer
only every time i used it it would break my out the next morning i'd wake up with 1 or 2 new blemishes
i'd even "break up" with this for a while to see if something else was causing the breakouts
should have returned it when i still could have:(
i may go back to this cream in the fall
i would not use it in the summer
my skin go back to where it begin
however, after trying it for a month now.
if you tend to break out this will just contri
consistently until it was gone
i would use it again if received as a gift
try the travel size for yourself before committing to the big one
can use this every night
will stop using immediately
within days of not using it my skin was back to normal
no matter how long i have it sitting on my face before i put on foundation
i don't think i'd buy this again
this unfortunately made me break out.
so of course i had to buy it
how it has changed my skin in the ways i never thought possible
ultimately i had to pull the plug on this one
hopefully it can work for you
which might turn some people off
i won't be buying another one
tried it again with the same results
will be returning this product
i will be returning this asap!
this is the first time that this happens to me with a product
i am finally switching to another product because this has not been helpful at all
will not be buying this again
i'll finish the bottle, but will not repurchase.
will not buy again
now it makes my skin break out even where i had never experienced break outs before
when you put it on
once you get it on
i will return as soon as possible.
if you want something light weight then this is for you
you could go to the drugstore
you may want to try that one instead
i will not use again
then this is for you
are you supposed to use it before or after foundation?
if i apply make-up after this
when you put it on
still trying to get the hang of it!
once i stop using this, all bumps are gone.
i don't think i'll be able to stomach using this product long enough to give it a full
i'll never buy from this brand again!
i wish i could post pictures because i took some!
purchased two hoping that would be the last
don't think will buy it again
as this did not help either i will be returning
switched back to give it one more chance
then i will tone
not to be expected for that price
hard to get off even next morning if you plan only on using it at night
unfortunately after a week of use
i think i am going to return this one..
i am not going to buy this again
i gave it a try but won't purchase again.
i find my self reaching for other products to help after using this "moisturizer" when i have never had to do that before
not sure if i will repurchase.
going to have to return these.
i doubt i'll keep using it
i definitely would have paid the high price for this cream if i had seen a difference in my under eye problem
thought this would be my go to product
likely won't spend the $25 on it again
i don't think i would get this cleanser again.
thought i'd try it out
after running out of my usual go-to i was thrilled to try a 7-day supply of this because the one-day sample just isn't enough to see a difference
i probably won't repurchase
i'll continue to use it until it's gone
then throughout the remainder of the day
it did it again
i will continue to use this for a while until i run out
i think this one is going back to the store
tried to see it through
so i finally decided to try this moisturizer.
was really hoping this would work for oil control
i think this would be great for the summer months
i will be giving it another try come summer.
you have to go the store to try out!
every time it would go on my
the moisturizer did it again
at best i'll buy it as an extra once a month.
not sure if it was due to this eye cream
i waited so long for this product to be back in stock
however i will most likely have to return it
will sadly be returning
definitely will be returning to sephora
i will be sending this back.
sadly, ,this one has to go back.
i still decided to take the plunge
or maybe in the winter
i wanted to just pull through
i want to be able to do that for others
so here it is again
this might be a good bet
i put it on my face once
so i will probably not be purchasing it again.
felt good once it was put run in the skin
i never, ever break out.
you can always return it
i'll never buy it again
i've never had so many break outs
i never get them
a definite return for me.
once i tried in on my face
i will keep it to try in the winter or just keep it for my h
i will not be purchasing again.
so when sephora had the sale i got this
was so excited to try this product for over months when finally get to my local sephora i run away
decide to use at night
then my skin don't have any difference then i start think well maybe it's just an oil for use with foundations then at my 3 day i use it again expecting that glow
nothing for some reason on my skin only work two times after that leave my skin so creasy
thought i had to try it
will not be purchasing this again!
won't be buying again
i never break out
it breaks me out every time i use this
in the long run
in the end, i did return this product.
finally decided to give it a try
i will be returning this very soon
i suggest you try it first
waited forever for it to deliver
i will be returning tomorrow.
would not re-purchase.
if i could put zero, i would.
after going back to the old one i thought my acne would disappear
which i never had before
this is going back to the store today.
in the long run
i will use this up
continue to try to make this work
will definitely be returning
its definitely going back.
i knew there was no way i was going to put it on my face
if you test it with half your face
i will use the rest of the bottle
i won't purchase again
i would give it three stars because it had no effect
unfortunately, i had to return the product.
i am debating whether to return it or not at this point
it immediately mattifies the face
this is not the one i see myself buying time
if i put it on
wish i could get my money back.
i would probably pass on this
i definitely will not be repurchasing
i will have to return it
i would really love for origins to go back to the original formula please
no matter how long i wait for it to sink in
i tried it again this morning
i will be returning it
please bring back the old formula!!
will be returning it
unless they can bring the old version back
this may work for you
as a regular additional step it's alright for the face
the only reason i haven't returned it yet is because i still have hope
also because i haven't been in store yet since i got it
i wish they'd bring back the other one.
i would buy again.
every time i use it i break out!
would never buy it again
i love clinique, but i will never get this again.
i sadly won't be able to use it.
again still in love with the product
i'll be returning this product.
something about this mask made me purchase it again
i wouldn't purchase again
i'll probably purchase again just to see how good the results are
i'll never be using this brand again.
when i put it on
it would have been okay if it weren't for the fact that the next morning there were yet more pimples
safe to say i won't be using this product again
so this won't be my go to mask
would not buy again.
by the end i was just so done
would not buy again
would not buy again just because i've had better hydrating masks
i will not be buying it again because there are many
i'll continue to use it until it's gone
possibility that breakouts might happen
let me start this by saying
wont purchase this cream again!
and i never break out!!!
i ended up returning it because for the price it wasn't worth keeping it:/ i wish it would have worked
i am on the fence now so only two stars for the samples
after reading all the reviews i was hoping this would be the end all be all in a jar
sadly, will be returning.
definitely wouldn't give this a second chance
not at same time
this won't be it
wanted to try to again in hopes that this wasn't the culprit
i won't be buying this again
i will be returning asap.
i will continue to use and see how it goes.
if you are on the dried side this might be the product for you
will have to keep using it to see
decided to give this a try
assumed i would love this one just the same
i wish i could return this product
so the ingredients should theoretically stay fresh for a longer period of time
they almost always have some sort of results
after trying it again
i am really so glad that sephora has a good return policy because i will have to take both of these back
so no help in that area either
i will keep it
on to another product now.
never had an issue with an eye cream before.
after a few use i am yet to see any difference.
unfortunately, i will be returning this.
my original review was not posted so here we go again
this is going back.
t's not like i leave it open
if i shut it completely all times why it only leaks some of the time
i don't know how to actually rate this as i only got to use it a couple of times before it leaked out all over my medicine cabinet
unfortunately i have to see if i can return my now empty bottle
i ordered the beste cleanser as soon as it was available because i thought i'd love it
hopefully they go back to the pump style.
i also don't like that a bit of product is wasted every time you close the cap
i 've had no issues with that.
i won't be able to use on my skin
i'll finish it but won't repurchase.
still debating on whether or not i'm going to return it
will be returning asap!
i'll definitely be returning this product.
if it clicks it is supposed to be closed shut
so i will definitely be returning it now.
hoping i was breaking out for another reason
because i kept being tempted to "try it again "
i will use it again
once you begin use it gets all over the tube
i will use up what i have
i will be returning this
i won't be buying it again though after it's all used up
it does not take off make up
every time i did it made my face so red
didn't feel too strong about this product enough to re-purchase in the future
it also takes forever to dry if you want to actually be able to peel it off
only to get 1 use out of!
i brokeout bad the next day.
just try another one
never going to put this on my face again
i would definitely not use it on a regular basis
i would definitely re-use this
i've never had a face mask break me out so badly before
went to bed hoping to not do further damage
this shouldn't be kept on as long as it says
it burned so bad i couldn't complete all the steps had to rinse with cold water to calm my face like how it goes on though just not sure yet if i will try again
maybe not great enough to spend $20 every other week on a new one
the ball continues to shrink even when not using it as it dries out
i won't take it back but i won't order again.
it will be gone quickly
only if you keep top on
if you use only the bottom
every time i used it i felt as if it did not clean my face at all
once again very cute idea
i won't purchase again due to the price vs how often i will need to replace it
will be returning this item for something that i am more likely to use
it isn't going to last very long at all.
i wanted to try out a new face mask
won't be buying again.
my only issue was that for the week i tried it
this is probably the one i've liked the least
but sadly, i will be returning.
i wouldn't buy it again
hoping with continued use
not wanting to give up on it too quickly
sadly i will be returning this.
either way i am 100% returning
defiantly not something i would like to put on my face
but it is still okay to try.
i would have given it 3 stars
would not purchase again.
sadly, i never quit breaking out while using it.
the pimples quit coming as soon as i stopped using it
i will be returning this product.
have not been using it long enough to see major changes
i would not buy again
i will never repurchase this again
this never happened before.
although i do not mind the smell if the product will deliver the desired results in the long run
t may be too soon to tell
i never return anything to sephora.. ever.
i used this stuff for probably three weeks straight hoping it would just settle itself
no one can get near your face
it didn't really hydrate my skin by the next morning
i also never breakout
will sadly be returning
in fact they seemed to be the exact same before i had put the balm on
i will continue to use this product until it runs out
ultimately i returned it
thought i would give it another go
i won't purchase again
before getting this from them i had never heard of this br
but i'm so glad i got it and was able to try it.
also wish it was a pump
this might be a good option for you
the next few days it would not hydrate my skin anymore
was hoping it might have been some other addition to my routine
this might be one for you
here are my first impressions:
i'll finish this bottle but won't re purchase.
i still wanted to give it a shot
i might only use it on the bottom half of my face from now on though
i will continue to use this mask 3 nights a week
would still use it though!
i still put it on in hopes of seeing some of the promised results
couldn't even bring myself to finish it
i probably won't repurchase.
wouldn't buy it again
the next morning i chucked the rest of the sample because i couldn't bring myself to try it again
would not purchase this at $38
then they have to call it 'energy boosting'
i will more than likely purchase this my next trip to sephora
possibly a powder to even things out
i give it a three because of the smell
thought this would help smooth it out
i never have acne on my face
i will try this product again
i don't think 7 days was long enough to see the potential full results
that will sometimes happen when i start using a new product
i think it would take at least 2 weeks or longer to see true results
i would continue using it
i think that had an effect on my over all experience
i would love to try it again
the product says that you can add this to your routin in the morning or the evening
like it never fully absorbed into my skin
i began to have a really bad breakout as soon as i started using this product
t could have easily been that product
i may consider re-trying this during the winter.
i decided to give this a try at night for 7 days.
did not observe her quickly.
definitely won't be purchasing.
will not purchase again for sure
not sure i will repurchase
tried it on the next day again.
i put it on the bumps as soon as purchased it .
so again , i thought no just give it time .
i would love to return it
it never happens to me before with any product
they all happen to be on 8 august
all happen to have five full stars
will never waste another dime on them
it's not a product i'm rushing to buy again
then back to this one
i would probably re-purchase as a summer moisturizer
start all over again
will use what i have
you have to re-wash them
it also never sunk into my skin.
so don't put it on during the day
the reason i won't be using it again is because of the stickiness i felt afterwards
thought that this product could help with that
unfortunately though my skin would eventually react to this product
use it every night without fail
make sure to only use it at night
albeit i want something i put on
if i could i would wear it every night
it also broke me out never buying it again.
i do not think i will use it again as the smell alone is a big turn-off
decided not to buy it
but unfortunately am going to have to return it.
i will not purchase again
will be returning as it is pricey.
but, i won't buy this one again.
not sure i want to continue with it if it continues to make me break out
i hope i can still return this
i initially thought i would tough it out
i will go back to dermaquest.
i keep this one
unfortunately, it ends there.
i will not be buying again :/ it does smell nice
i think it will last a very long time.
i really do like the on the go cleanser until i put on my makeup in the morning
we will see if continued use wow's me
but it works and i keepcoming back to repurchase.
when you put it on
im going to try using this product at night instead to see if it helps
i personally won't use it again because of the breakouts
you'll thank me later
decided to leave it on my face to test it out anyways
which you ought to be able to do with a moisturizer
the next day it pretty much feels the same as it did when i went to bed
this make me breakout in places i haven't before!
will not purchase again.
t was difficult to apply make-up on top afterwards
i won't purchase this product again.
not enough to make me buy this once i'm done with my sample
thought i'd give this a try
decided to give this a try
but overall i wouldn't get again.
i tried this with a point perk then bought the mini set of 3 little wonders
unfortunately, it made me break out.
applied makeup over it it did not stay on well
have never had a reaction from any product before
i'll use this til the bottle runs out because it was expensive
would probably not repurchase
wanted to keep the same br
there is no way i can wear this during the day
i definitely won't be buying this
without which i’d be returning this
can say i'll probably repurchase it once i run out
maybe get a pimple once or twice a month
i kept using it because i hoped it wasn't this product
i assumed it was just a coincidence or maybe another new product i had been using
my skin would be oily again way too soon
usually when i switch products i will see at least some improvement or i will have a horrendous breakout
i kept at it for a bit longer in hopes that something else was causing me to break out
as soon as i stopped using it
my skin is finally going back to normal
i almost never follow through with returns
this one is going back
i will not buy this product again
i only ever get blemishes 1 time a month depending on weather or if my dog liked my face a lot
now that i have stopped
i will be returning this product.
will not be ordering this skin care again.
i will admit i have good skin to begin with
i will keep it because ii am hoping for a miracle
i hate sending things back
won't waste my money again.
still had it on my face the next morning
don't think i will consider buying this again as i went through it faster that i thought i would
i would have to take it off
would definitely not buy again.
will not rebuy just due to the scent.
however it did make my eyes water
even though i did not even apply it to my under eye area or close
i would not go out of my way to buy it again
i definitely will not be buying this again :
i most likely will not order this again unless the scent is changed
would not purchase again.
i will be returning.
unfortunately i will not be able to use.
as soon as you open it
i tried to give this a chance.
then sometime in 08 or 09
i recently tried it again forgetting how terrible it was now
will never purchase again.
never again will i buy this product
i knew for sure that i would have to return this
but i definitely won't buy it again!!!
n then the smell will stay strongly for at least half an hour until it starts fading off xd i don't know how awesome
miracle effect it will give me
i'll give it a month to see if it still works as well
i could still smell it under my foundation throughout the day
sadly i am sending it back.
i received this as a gift so don't even have the option of returning this
i'd never buy it again.
will go back to using miracle worker when this runs out
once again, get a sample before you buy.
unfortunately the next morning i noticed i had many pimples on my t-zone area
i also think it started to make me break out.
however i would not buy this again
i'll hopefully find a friend who would like to try it
keep using it almost every night cause i believe it helps :
will not purchase again.
will definitely be returning : (
i wanted to give this a chance
i wouldn't buy this again.
so while i will use what i have
i won't buy it again
can't return it hoping someone it to my family will be able to use it
would never purchase again.
i am using it now
i will not be buying this again
will be returning this asap.
i will be returning this asap
then go for it
once you apply this to your face
i will continue to use it for another month before i completely dismiss it
i may prefer it during winter time
i finally decided to try this one
never had a reaction like this
now i only use it under eyes
considering how pricey this was i wasn't ready to give it up yet
after using this for awhile
will not purchase again.
once in the morning before i put on makeup
though this would be a miracle
on to the next product
which had always been a must
unfortunately i will be returning it
i will not be purchasing this product again
will see what happens after a month or so
i won't be repurchasing as i need something that will actually work on my "problems"
i like it ok, but not sure i will purchase again.
i think i'll try something different next time
for the price, i would not buy again.
something that could possibly take away dark circles
i will continue to search for another product to help with my issues because i'm not sure this is doing the trick
still have about 1/3 of the bottle 3 months later so you don't need much
will continue using this product until it is gone
but i still like it and would finish it
let me start by saying i love the bar version.
i will be returning this product
most likely would switch back to it once i finish this tube
never again will i use this product
i never have such situation before
all in all, i'll never buy this again.
it seems i will need to replace it very soon as it is already running low
i won't buy this again as i don't see a reason.
this has never happened to me before
i wanted to give them a try
after i finish my tube i won't be buying anymore.
the only draw back is that it doesn't have spf.
so the salesperson convinced me to get this instead
not sure if i'd pay full price for it though.
would not purchase again.
will not buy again
i don't think i will purchase again.
as we were out of town i had no choice
i'll probably use this up
should work for you
then you should look elsewhere
i am either going to return this
i don't return much, but i returned this.
but even so i gave it a chance.
but soon realized it was from the cleanser.
i can see some makeup coming off
knew i could just buy it again since i just bought it
please bring back the old formula
then they changed the formula
wont get it again
i will not purchase this again unless the old formulation returns
i'll be returning the product tomorrow
really hope that they get the old formula back.
will not buy again.
will not purchase this product again
please caudalie, bring the old one back!
not sure if i will buy it again though.
will never ever purchase this cleanser again.
and i won't buy it again.
not for the purpose that i had when buying it
hopefully this review helps!
i tried it for a week to try something new.
never ever had a problem before maybe i'd get 1 a month
needed oil to bring it back to life
will not buy again
there was no change at all to my face
decided to give it a try
thought i would give it a try
it seemed as though every where i put this spot treatment
the next morning there would be 5 more in the original's place
i will be taking this back as well
trying to hold out hope it would eventually work
thought i'd give this a try
i returned it and am going to keep looking.
also it won't last.
i would not buy this again
i won't purchase this again
i will need to try it again before i'm convinved
i will probably write another review once i've used up the entire bottle
even then i could feel some of the product still remaining
figured i'd try something new
unfortunately i'll have to return it.
i won't buy it again
at the same time did not improve my under eye area
firstly, let me say i just bought this yesterday.
unfortunately, i will have to return it.
wanted to love it for the price
won't buy it again.
it doesn't go well under makeup unless i apply the makeup an hour later or so
that's why it gets two starts instead of one.
i think i will begin my conquest again to find a better eye cream
this can irritate if i get to close
anyway, the search continues..
once i put on my makeup
it's a "won't purchase again".
i'd try next time with less though because i love boscia products
not too see any improvement if someone is already having an issue
have never had this happen before
i would often forget i had put it on in the morning
then do it again because it had so little effect
i am going to see if my skin gets over this so that i can keep using it since i spent all that money on it
tried to see if i could use this instead
my boyfriend could even smell it a while after i put it on
no way i can have this on all night
first let me start by saying i'm normal skin
i should of gotten that from the beginning
this never seems to fullyabsorb into my skin
it again made me break out so much
i finally needed another bottle
i will not be buying again.
i tried this product again
the same issue happened again almost the next day
why they would even put it in there when i have combo skin as my selection
now that i think about it
i don't think i'll ever go back to this one
i won't be getting this again.
i will not buy this again
i dont know if i will be paying this much for it again
i will definitely not being using it again
every time it made me break out
once i got past the smell
i would not purchase again.
i don't hate it, but i won't be buying it again.
s i would put on my back because i did have some acne there
i decided to give it a try
skin am going to return it
am not sure why i was having a major problem with murad with this product
will not buy it again.
might try it again after longer-term use -- still on the fence
because i have to struggle every time just to get some cream out
i will not purchase again.
i am going to sephora now to exchange it
over all i'm not seeing results
i never saw any improvement when using this product
i will not be purchasing this again.
i will not purchase again
truly it was disappointing when i waited so long for this to arrive in my local sephora
i gave this the full try using it faithfully until the last drop
i would never buy this again or ever recommend it
not sure if i'd buy it again at $40.
decided to use it every day for a week to be give time to notice results
thought this product would help
i'll keep using it and see what happens.....
its only work for 1 battle after its ok
i will not purchase it again
i am hoping they will shrink even moreover the next three to four weeks
i will not purchase it again.
i will not buyit again.
i won't buy it again
just put it there once a day---at night
when i put it on
unfortunately, those day are over now :-(.
now they have changed the formula
have to return it unfortunately.
turns out i had to just wait it out
it also hasn't seemed to help it at all either
i broke out very badly i won't buy this again
would not buy again
i think you should ask for a free sample at a sephora store before you buy to see how you like it
let me start by saying i am a fan of this line
then i will see
my circles come back--could be i'm just tired at the end of the day
i tried the cream again the next day
will not be purchasing form this line again.
although for a spot here
honestlythis is not a product i'd ever purchase again
then once you get it on the areas you wish to treat
just basically using this until is gone
wouldn't buy this again
consistency can be off-putting
will not buy again.
never buy this again.
i find myself going back to my first love
i steal it every once
will not re buy
so i had to go on a hunt for a new cleanser.
i think i'm going to exchange it for the milk version try that again
maybe i will buy it again，
most likely will not buy it again.
it will hurt you a lot until you run to wash your face
i wouldn't try it again
the bottle last forever only because it feel like a drag for me to pick it up
i decided to give it the benefit of the doubt since my makeup was heavy
the next day, i had only mascara on - same thing!
it just would not come off.
will not purchase this product again
stays for a long time
because i only tried it once
do not buy this if you are planning on wearing makeup on top of it
it won't work out
i would never use it throughout the day
the next day i tried it with makeup
it needs to go back
hope it works for her or just use it on my h
i decided to try it out
defs try before you buy this one!
i won't be purchasing again.
i read that this can help make up stay on
one pro is that i think it does help make up stay on
:( i was able to return it so thank you, sephora.
i never go with out it
hoping that it will live up to it's name
why it would put someone off from buying
not what i had hoped or expected.
now after useing volcasmic once i need to worry about getting my skin back to normal
boy do i wish i picked the other option instead
lasting results -- not something that temporarily makes it "look" like my skin problems are solved
if you can wait
was free so not a big deal
i think i will wait a few more days before jumping into that lol
would not purchase again.
then this might work for you though
this will definitely be going back to sephora
probably won't be buying the full bottle of this
once it is gone, i won't be repurchasing it.
i decided to give this a try because of its light formula
you can spend all day with it on your face
i stopped using it for a few days just to make sure that this was the cause of my concern
on to the next product...
it did not work on my dark circles that much after i use that for two weeks
overall i will probably keep using it
said that he has been using this forever
i am going to stick with tried
i will not buy again
i could see where this immediately improved the look under my eyes
a sales person convinced me to try this instead
will go back to clinique.
they were like that from the start
will not purchase again.
it was not the game changer for me that it seems to be for most
i do suggest to use every once
i am going to try using this again tomorrow to see if i can get that "tightening effect" that is supposed to transform your skin
i don't think i would rush out to buy it again
i don't think i want to invest all the money again just to find out
i am returning it tomorrow.
'll keep using it
but it makes your face look ready for the day.
if you are a fan of clarins then
because i put it on
it has a way of getting into them
definitely would not purchase again
i decided to try it again
it stung so bad that i will never use it again.
go as long as i can
won't buy this again
i can only use it once a week because it dries my skin out
i probably should have returned it
not a winner for me
this is probably my least favourite product ever.
i never had this before
i probably won't buy it again
had to return it because i couldn't deal with how it burned my eyes when it got into them
for the price would not buy again.
i will not buy this again.
i would use it again when this one runs out
i will not be buying this again.
this has never happened before.
hoping sephora will refund me.
wouldn't buy it again
i wish i could still return it
get my money back
if after a month it does not work
i am willing to give it more time
decided to return the product
in my age group that i would try this
i won't purchase this again.
now i am out $55
the only pro going for this product
however, i would not purchase this product again.
i dont regularly have break outs
i tried this hoping for a change that would come eventually
then couldn't figure out when to use it
i don't like putting two things on my face at once
i will not use it during the day
am probably going to take it back
they are still here
won't be purchasing it again
i will continue to use the product until it is gone
will not purchase again due to the price
if i could have only one product in this line
i wouldn't buy it again for sure.
i still would not purchase again
anything would be cooling if you put it in the freezer
i just had to try it
it will be the last.
it will have to be st
make sure to check the date on the bottom
i also let my boyfriend try it
ultimately he had to wash it off.
i tried the product again the next day
never got the desired results however i love l'occitane
i may try again in colder months
i hoped this would be it
it takes forever to be able to apply my makeup.
i'll probably use it as a h
i hoped this would work
probably won't buy it again.
i would not purchase this product again.
i wouldn't purchase it again
not sure it will last very long
probably will try something else once this runs out
i think i will try other products before re-purchasing again
my foundation will not stay on my face when i use this product
believed this will be good for me
i couldn't wait to get home at lunch
i've never had trouble with acne until now.
i stopped using it because it just seemed like a waste of money
i won't be buying it.
if this was half the price i would continue to buy it
had i known that i would not be able to wear it during the day
wont be purchaing it again
my face had never broken out that bad ever.
it also never left my skin that smooth either
probably wouldn't buy again since i still get some acne
will not purchase this again
will return for sure.
i didn't see any changes that would warrant purchasing this again
think the product would run out in a month
the effect does not last long
i will not buy it again.
i would not buy it again.
i will move on to something else when i finish this
not only did the cracked skin continue
i am going to use it to the end
won't buy again for this price if no improvement is noticed
was praying this would do the trick
i'll doubt i'll be purchasing again.
still searching for something that will do what it says for my eye area
doubt i will buy this again
i like that you can put it all around your eye however
i most likely will not buy this product again.
i at least thought the dark circles would have shown an improvement in that short time if it was going to work at all
which is the time he said i would recognize a difference
i will not use this again.
i figured this would help with at least one of my eye issues
had to return it, unfortunately :(
i will not be buying it again
i am going today to a sephora store to return it
really hoped this would be the fix for my under eye problems
after reading the reveiws for murad eye cream i decided to give it a try
it did not add any moisture to the skin as i had expected
had to bring it back.
if you are expecting miracles in a month
i still have some oil build up
i don't think i'll repurchase once i run out
next time i'll stick with what i know works
i hoped that this effect might go away after a couple of uses
the good thing is it only stings once i apply it
i will give it that
"this is going to turn out well
will i buy again?
i went through a whole jar of this hoping that it will live up to its description of "renewing
i could deal with that if i would have seen the results i wanted from this
i need to return this.
i will probably end up trying to find another eye crème once i'm done with this
i would not purchase it again.
i'd return it if i could find a decent replacement
i will probably not buy again.
not for those of us who already have some
whenever i put this on
thought i'd try this cream for a change
i might try it again in the summer.
i will be returning it
however when i put it on
it would be good for am during summer
haven't been back for this since then
i might try another day cream from korres
will be returning this product
i wanted to try something new
this product should be pushed!
seriously never buying this again
wish i could return it but i just moved overseas.
couldn't wait to try it out before bed
will not be buying again.
which isn't great when i'm rushing to get ready in the morning
once absorbed they are right back
there was no hope in the tube for me.
i won't be purchasing this again
will most likely not even use the rest
i won't be buying this product again.
i expected to love this
will be trying something new.
i feel they do not back up their products
therefore i would not buy any philosophy products again
i would skip this one
i need to use a lot of it at once in order to apply it without pulling my skin
if you use just once in a while
not sure if i will get again.
i ordered this product on line with never having seen it in person
i would not buy it again.
will not use again :(
would not purchase again
back to liquid i go, again!
might try another bar though
i won't be purchasing this again
i will try re-applying later in the day
it seemed to sit on my skin for a long time
seems to take forever to go away
it has never let me down.
once i'm done with this bottle.
i won't be buying again.
will probably continue to use it anyways
probably won't buy again.
i am certainly not at the age where i need the gravity lift yet
i felt like i could never get all of this washed off
definitely returning this product back.
only then did i read that it should not be used on the eyes
just want to go to bed then expect to take longer in the bathroom
only to find that my eye bags looked exactly the same
will not be purchasing again.
will not purchase again
bought this hoping it would help with those
i don't think i would buy it again.
doubt it will work for this
i probably would not repurchase
i'd definitely buy it again
i do find when i apply eyeshadow later on
i probably won't buy this again.
i doubt i will buy this product again.
to make a long story short this did not work at all
will not buy again
went to give it a try again
would not recommend nor ever buy again.
i never had this issue with a moisturizer.
it feels good once you apply it
i can wear this and go out without make-up.
it also doesn't cause shine later in the day.
so i'll give it three stars..
then it made my face look
won't be using this again
i definitely wouldn't buy it again
unfortunately it broke me out again :/
decided to give it a try again
again the 2star is just me.
it could just be my skin
i wont be purchasing again
still don't like it now
when i take it off
i will use it up as it does work
it just seemed to sit there, and not set at all.
i will definitely not buy it again.
as i've never broken out like this before in my life
i decided to continue to use this product to make sure that this was what was making me break out
luckily i could return it
it never seemed to sink in
i will use it up but won't purchase again.
will be my last
i decided to it give another chance
i'll go back to this one
i will never purchase this product again
this is definitely not aquafusion's replacement.
won't get it again.
i think i'll put this away until winter time
i wish i knew this product is not recommended to use immediately after shaving
oil on my face has never been out of control
if you don't mind the extra step
it made me breakout like i never have before.
would always still be there
it will go back!
i only wear waterproof eye make up so this was able to take it all off
i will be returning the product.
but i won't buy it again.
dark under eye circles i have never been able to get rid off since my preteens
will not buy again
put the blame on my staying up too late maybe i didn't realize till i was in bed how tired my eyes were
the pump would not get any out already
would never get used still
when there is still 1/2 of the product left
i just wished i would have avoided this product all together
hopefully see a nice result soon
i will not purchase it again.
i doubt ill buy this again.
not sure yet if i will spend the money to purchase it again
i never break out at that spot
by the time we got there
i wouldn't use it again if they paid me.
even if we lay by the pool
i won't be purchasing this again
had to pull over because i could not keep my eyes open
so end all be all.
i will use it up
i won't buy it again
the foam fizzled out so quickly that i didn't feel like it had a chance to really clean my face
i probably wouldn't buy again
would spout out straight liquid the next time i would try to use it
i won't be buying this again.
every time i used it it would give me bumps all over my face
they did not process my order till the 10th
i just want to know why was the order processing late ?
it is not likely to work
then beware of this product
i got acne in places i would never
now i have acne scars that i would never have
i'll be returning it for something else as it is not appropriate for my needs
i definitely will not be repurchasing.
i will not be buying this product again.
i would use again
i did find that my make up was coming off
i could have dealt with that if it would have cleared up my breakouts
won't be buying it again.
maybe it was bringing up all the junk that was possibly under my skin or maybe it was just plain
i tried this again a year or so later
if you notice any break the first week or so
then i would try another product
i find myself using this in the morning
once again i buy a primer because of the hype everyone talks about
going into the colder months i wanted to avoid products like that
i probably won't repurchase
when i put this on
my make up did not last longer
for $22 hoping this would work out well for me
i will be returning it
!i will definitely return this time !
i definitely won't be buying this again
and they were able to get in touch with them.
decided to try this out
not only on all day
so much will come out at once i try to put it back in
i like it but won't buy it again.
hopefully that one will be better
or they say primers help make up stay on longer.
maybe the make up will last longer
nope at the end of the day my make up looked exactly the same on both sides
wouldn't buy this again.
even when i just use it without foundation
also the smell will keep me from ever purchasing again
i gave it the 3, but this will be going back!
i also think is breaking me out in the areas i put it
i rarely break out next to my nose
i wish that i hadn't believed her when she said that it would work over time
won’t be purchasing it again unfortunately
so this has been on my list to try for sometime
going to try this in spring / summer because then i feel like it'll be enough
this might still work for you
i wasn't going to hold out any longer with a product with an almost $80 price tag
i hope this helped.
i gave this cleanser two stars because i can see where it might work for some people
it would only be good to use in the morning on an already clean face from the night before
using it alone will not take off all your face makeup
as you would expected
not reach my expecation on lancome.
i won't be repurchasing this again
wish i could return it
continue to use it in hopes that maybe one day before it's gone i will magically see results
had to return because i couldn't take the smell.
i don't plan to buy this again.
before i could determine if it was working i had to return it due to breakouts
unfortunately i had to return this today
not for me at least
i never return products
not at all what i expected.
personally i won't buy it again.
you put it on and expect result.
will not continue using it
the reason i don't use it every day is because i find that it starts to pill off of my face when i'm applying my foundation
but i won't buy it again.
i tried a few times, but i could feel it all day.
would not buy again
never purchasing this product again.
so try this product out beforeh
it is 42 bucks so i just used it to finish it.
only stopped using it because i realized it was not cruelty-free
it probably won't last for long
however i did not see any results after 2 weeks of use
'll probably just continue saving up
eventhough it mattifies the skin at the beginning
if it was less expensive i would consider buying it again
i will not purchase again.
it could just be the spf
i can't use it during the day because that combined with my makeup will make me break out
i wouldn't use this product again
i would love to have my $200 back.
i waited for it to soak in but it never did.
00-hoping it would work-
dryness-so didn't help either-i tried to give it sometime 6 weeks-
then tried it again
i repeated the process a third time to make absolutely sure that it was indeed caused by the eye cream
since i don't i will be returning
i figured it would be the same.
i won't be buying again.
after using this for awhile
this one i will not buy again
i will be returning
thought i would give this a try
i won't be purchasing this stuff again
then had to use my clairsonic
definitely will not repurchase
decided to give this a try
i end up with makeup left over that i need to use it again
i find that i have to pump three times in order to fully get product onto my face
this is okay for now
after two applications my makeup still wasn't even close i being gone
if i had no bought this in the bahamas i would return it
if you run it all over your face
always have a full face of make up to remove at the end of the day
the only down side is that this product doesn't fully remove make up
it stung my eyes so badly that i could only use it once
i won't buy this product again
same problem here as with the others
i will not be buying this again.
as for the rest of my face it did okay.
even though this is supposed to be able to remove makeup
i wish i could return it for the amount of money i paid for this
once applied i wasn't happy with the base it left for makeup either
before they decided to change it to this "wrinklereisist" formula
will not buy again.
for the price i wouldn't buy this again.
didn't want to spend $110 again so a sephora sales person recommended this item to me
wouldn't recommend it and won't buy it again.
never again will i buy there products.
at least not in my case
i should know by now
which may be pro's for you
we hoped that this would be the same cream
even for at night
most of the back have come off
i would not personally buy the full size or use again
i will keep looking!
it will definitely provide enough moisture one would need
'd wear it at night
will not purchase again.
there is no way you could put eye makeup on to of it
you can only wear it at night because it will wreck makeup 2
i figured maybe it would soak in once it dried
ill never purchase again
i might be waiting around forever because i still haven't seen any improvement
won't be using this
in search again for a better one
have never had an issue with an eye cream being too heavy until i tried this
definitely does not prevent/reduce wrinkles- i have used it for at least two years now
i will check back in the reviews if anyone else has experienced this
will not purchase again
unless you where eye primer at all times
i won't be purchasing this particular one again
i will use it at night only.
i will still use it
i won't purchase again.
won't hold that against it
hopefully, that changes with longer use.
i will put it on at night
figured i'd give this a try.
probably will just return it
while i am able to use this product with my makeup i do not want to pay the price
i would not purchase it again.
the thing is it won't last long.
i just wanted to try something new to swap back
won't buy this again.
okay, i just purchased this today.
i couldn't return it in time
thought i would try this for a night cream
wanted to try another product
it also made me break out.
i will use it at night
i probably won't purchase it again
have never had an issue
i changed to this cream just because i want to try something new
i returned it anyway.
will never purchase ever again
now that i did, i'm going back.
i won't break out
i will definitely not purchase again.
will not be repurchasing this cleanser again
this product has never caused me to break out
i will have to return it
i'll keep what i have left
try again in the spring
you only need a very small amount to wash your face so one tube should last a long time
thought that my skin just needed to get adjusted to the change
it may be something that is in the entire line or just one of them
will probably not buy again.
should have returned it now knowing the return policy
not sure if i will stay with this product in the future those
i am sticking with it to see if the results will be there at the end of the bottle i do not see a moisture product
had a pump to get all the product out
i will continue to give this a try because i like shiseido
this one was a no go
i would not buy this again.
only while you wear it
i hope they will accept it back
i think i will use it more during summer time
good for the price and will last you a long time.
would not buy again.
'd still recommend giving it a shot
will not buy again.
i wll be going back to my philosophy face cleanser
i expected sth more miraculous half way through i stopped using it on everyday basis since it was not the effect i expected
but for 53$...i will never purchase again.
the tub does last awhile though
i wouldn't repurchase it again
doubt it will work for this
i probably would not repurchase
also wish it was in a tube- my eyes are the last place i want germs
but again, my face never even feels cleansed!
i would still continue to buy this becaause it has helped me a lot
i simply had to return it
i continued to use it to see if it will help with my acne
so it was not that effective as i wished.
i will probably try another cleanser next time i run out
i expect my face to be clean also
'm going to return this
which i'd be willing to forgive if it worked
i am only giving it 2 stars because of the fact that it seems to cause an insurgence of oil production on my face as the day goes on for me
it will be sitting on my shelf until someone wants it
it will take time to heal don't buy it
wanted to give it a try for over 6 months
bring that one back
it will not remove them
i would say that this removed maybe half of the foundation i used
i dont know if it was just because i waited a month or so to use it after purchasing
so i will have to return this product.
might be okay for spring/summer
probably not going to purchase again
told me she never had run into such an issue
she continued to assure me that that issue would not happen
would definitely not recommend or purchase again.
i dont think i will repurchase ever again.
5 stars if i could
i don't think i'll buy it again.
buy it try it.
not sure i'll re-buy this product once i run out.
i won't be buying it again
let you know more after a month
didnt try it permanently every day tho..
i try not to put it too close to my eyes
i am still trying to repair the damage that was done
i will not be buying again.
i will be tossing it since sephora would not allow me to return it
because my local sephora would not let me return the product
definitely will not reorder
i don't think i'll buy it again
i'll have to go with a moisturizer in a jar where i can be sure to get all the cream i paid for
i probably won't purchase it again.
i would not buy again.
when i put it on i have to mix it around to get it to actually stay on my face since it is so clumpy
probably won't purchase again
get something 5 times the size from the drug store that will do the same thing--almost nothing
would not purchase again
or if its just made that way
you might be able to find better
i will not e buying this again.
i would not buy this product again.
won't be buying again.
i would give it 5 stars
i could never get it off
makes it difficult to get every last drop
how can we get the tube packaging back??
i will not buy this again
because this one is a dousy
as the saying goes
which is what enticed me when wanting to find something new to try
i would not recommend for every day use starting off
that usually only happens to me during the winter
it also never felt like it cleaned my face
she told me to try it out for 2 weeks
i wanted to give it a try
i am still on the fence as to if i will keep or return this product
i don't think i will be purchasing again
here is a backgroun on my skin: mid 20's
i wanted to try to clear it up
i will try for another month
hope for better or i will leave this one behind
murad is better to use in the morning when makeup will be going over it
i won't be using a second time.
it would clear up a bit and then break out again.
the two did not play well together
i probably wouldn't purchase this again
am trying another product now
i would still break out while using this product
unless some miracle happens till the tube ends
i'll not purchase it again
will not buy again :
now it's gone forever
will not be purchasing again.
i don't plan on buying this again
the nice thing is i think you could use it once or twice
i would return this if i could find the receipt
thought i'd give this one a try
i tried it 3 separate times to make sure it was this product
i never break from products.
then i used it again
i'll give it another week
i will keep trying it and write back.
nothing has come out
need to ship it back
i think i'll return it to the store
i wouldn't go back to buy it.
tried it again once irritations were gone
i definitely at least expect to be able to see a difference in my skin
i wanted to start preventing any wrinkles that are sure to be coming my way soon
the same thing happened again the next morning
now i learnt the lesson
now i learnt the lesson
t be buying this again
definitiely not buying it again
this is not something i will use again
will be returning this.
would not purchase this again because i like a full regimen
if i can make it back to the store before my return time frame i will return it
i wouldn't ever buy this again.
i still do use this on occassion
i will not purchase this again.
which i was just beginning to get
i've decided that it must be the culprit
wanted to try something new
let me start by saying i love fresh.
would not buy it again
definitely not something i would use again.
i won't be experimenting again.
next time i'll try something different!
will not purchase again
i came to thinking that maybe it'll be be better if i use this while using the gel
this was just the new thing to try
i won't be purchasing this again.
i know it takes a few weeks for a product to actually start working or being able to see a major difference
on to the next product....
i wouldn't buy this again.
this soon became too harsh for it
not sure if i'm the only one experiencing this.
i don't think i will buy this again.
i'll probably try out a new cleanser!
this one does last a very long time though!
i will not buy this again
i will never look back
still get the same pimpl back
the word 'emergency' should probably be taken out
if you need a pimple to go away quickly i would try another product
i am going to go to store
time again hoping maybe this time it would even minimize a blemish just a little
wanted to try something new
i want to continue using it on breakout spots to clear them
also, my make-up goes over it very easily.
i decided to give it a try.
i am going to return this
i would say within a week or so.
i will not be purchasing again.
i would pick at some whenever it looks like it's ready to pop
did not see results after 3 months use
wanted to try something new
now im off to find a new prodict
hopefully it does its trick when i finish the bottle
i will never buy another murad product again
will never purchase again.
i wouldn't buy it again.
it probably has to be used everyday to get to that point
i'll probably pass on this.
i do know i will be returning this.
just not for the rest
i will keep using it to see if they will fade more
just ok probably won't repurchase.
i will probably return next time i'm at sephora.
i wanted to give it a chance
i will not be buying this again.
i really had high hopes for this cream
i will never know if it would have lightened my dark spots eventually
never fully got absorbed
i will go back to using alergenist.
i expect you would need to be using this cream for a longer time in order to be able to see real improvement
if it were half the price maaaaaybe i'd let it sit on my shelves
after a month i still haven't seen the results i would have wished
since the bar was pricey i wouldn't buy it again.
decided to give this a try since the price was good
i would not buy again
will not buy again.
then started using it again
i wont be using it again.
i never take the time to review products
this product made me breakout in places i've never had issues with
will be returning this product.
i would keep looking
i also found that it made me break out in areas i usually do not
would not buy again
will not be purchasing again.
its just starting to run out
hopefully it starts to work soon though.
i never thought face wash would take so long to start working
i probably should have tried for longer
it did nothing as i continued to break out
decided to return it to get the money back
i doubt i would purchase it again
i am definitely not buying this again
i will probably return it
i will say that it dries quickly
i just wish sephora would bring it back!
i need to see results quickly
so that may be the reason
i will not purchase again.
want to get rid of it once
i will probably look for a new product once i finish this one
i don't know if i will buy it again
i probably won't purchase it again
where i almost never break out
however i love the rest of the line!!
will not take off eye makeup so prepare to remove that with something else
i won't buy again.
since i have considered myself to be a fan of the redness solution daily relief cream for awhile
felt that it never got my skin fully clean
i always felt that there was remaining residue
this is why i have gone to another company for face care
i won't buy it again
i tried cutting back to once a day
will not buy this product again
somehow managed to still be
no results i will definitely never purchase this again
never see any result
thought i would give this a try
not one has fully worked until know
it seems like it helped out a lot of other people however i will not be buying it again
as soon as i stopped using it
will not buy again.
never have issues like this before.
when i put this on
i can tell you i am never buying this again
i even tried it only before bed
it just never absorbed.
then put this on over it
i don't see enough of a change to buy it again though
if this product worked for me then i would have expected my rosacea to either improve or stay the same
was hoping this cream will work well for me
using it before putting my make up is completely out of question
i doubt i would order it again.
i will use the bottle to give it a chance to work
do intend to continue using it twice a day to give it a fair chance to make an improvement on the wrinkles
do not notice any improvements after 20 days
i will definitively won't buy it again ...
i am going to use the entire jar before
then decide if i want to buy it again
i am still giving this product a chance to perform
i don't know about fading dark spots yet to soon to tell
off for almost a year with the hope that at some point it will live up the hype
likely wouldn't try it again.
will never use again!!!
decides to finally give it a try
i put the product on my face to give it a try still
even when you take it off
i never break out as a rule
she said this should help
so that had to be it
i will try again to see
even if i had only received enough for one attempt
i won't buy it again.
then i used it again
will give it the whole bottle before deciding
here is why i'm on the fence about it: first
i'll continue using what i have
i will continue to use it until its gone.
probably haven't gotten the full effect yet
i will probably do another review in the future.
it is now march
i will be returning for sure.
so the first time, i let it go.
where i never had
there where i may have stayed out
this was another fail
so once this is done
would not buy it again for the price
however when i bring the milk back to the production facility
unless you're like a new born baby you will have them
after using it for three months i can say that i saw absolutely no results
hoped i finally found a product to lighten them
i guess it absorbs quickly then
i hope this or another product can work for you :
but i hope that it will work for me!
i decided to give this cream a try
it has come to a point where i will just stop using it
maybe after awhile i might change my mind
i will not repurchase this product again
by the time you get mid-way through
you realize your skin has not changed at all in any long term way
i wouldn't purchase again as i need something that changes my skin for longer than a couple of hours
once it does soak in
it never breaks me out
i would still need to blot it out when ready to put my primer on
i will never use this product again.
next i did this
i won't use it again
will not purchase again.
does not fade away for quite some time after application
thid just will not work for me
i am not willing to continue in hope of long term benefits
when you test it
i will probably not use this moisturizer again.
this was easily remedied by waiting 10 minutes
especially when i'm in a rush to get ready-- i even had to re-wash my face
i wish i could return it
will not buy this ever again!
i will not purchase again
i will try to see if my skin will adjust.
i won't continue using this
i also could not stand the smell.
the next day my face will feel sensitive
had expected this product to be good
please bring back the old formula
i will never buy this again.
then this product will probably work
i would gladly repurchase this product if it came in a different scent
i don't think i'll be buying it again.
i wouldn't purchase this again.
i will not buy this again.
like i was in high school again bad
then this one does the job
that i still have
my first time spending money on anything like this product
i will only try other products with a money back garuantee
i definitely won't buy this again.
gladly spent the money on this product
i'll continue to use and see how it does.
have yet to see any differnece.
wish i could return it
i hope it is because of the perricone.
too soon to tell if results good
i will not buy it again.
probably would have given this product a full bottle o fusage to see results if i had been happy with the other perricone product
they were going to return my call
won't continue using it
definitely do a test patch before using.
i figured i just needed to give my face a week to get used to this face wash
when i used it my skin felt like it had been cleaned however like i still might have oil
i expected this to be amazing from the first use
will probably not purchase again
won't buy this again
will probably use the rest of the product
i wouldn't buy it again
hopefully will be able to return it
i finally decided to pay for this product
i would have been able to accept that if there were any firmimg benefits
since it didn't perform well i had to return
i wanted to try perricone products for a long time
i will have to seriously think about purchasing again
i wouldn't purchase again.
sadly i won't buy this again
i would not purchase again
which has never happened to me before
thought i'll give it a try
i wouldn't buy again.
i now use it in the morning
unfortunately this product made me break out
've decided to stop using it
i definitely won't be buying this again because i am sure i can find something better
the price is the only reason i wouldn't buy it again
i will return it
it disappears once you put it on
it made my breakouts worse after using it for 3 weeks as advised by the sephora staff so they happily let me exchange it for something different
i won't be buying it again :(
why should you have to at this price?
i recently got this product on my sephora play subscription box ❤ at first i was happy because i wanted to try more skin care products
by the second time around i realize it that i had a break out next to my nose which has never happen to me before the only other cream i put on is my first aid beauty one
i've never had this problem
i think i'll try it in the winter season as well
i would recommend trying it out before completely crossing it off your to buy list
it also felt like it left residue not being able to soak into the skin completely
when i put it on
would not buy again.
i could just use this as a night cream
i'd prefer something i could use both day
which is what kept me from using it as soon as i got it
knew it must be this
i won't be trying any ren products ever again.
i will not be buying this again
i think i'm going to return this
looks like i'll be going back to my clnique 3 step when i finish the bottle
i keep debating whether to send it back or not
i wouldn't get it again though.
i would not buy it again.
i used it up but will not buy it again.
let me start by saying that i may have applied too much of this cream
i am not taking this chance again.
then i put it on my face
next day skin was ok
i will give it a try again when the weather gets colder- maybe it will suit my skin better
i will probably try something else next
for this price i should have just gone out
i could get past the smell
this cream would just not be absorbed
if you can get past that
would never buy this again
maybe i will try it again once i calm those red bumps down
maybe someday i will bite the bullet.
as you take it off
even within the same day really
i would use it in the morning
i probably won't repurchase.
best part was getting alllll that money back.
never gonna repurchase for sure
i will finish up what i have
do not think i would buy it again
will not buy this again.
so glad i only tested it on half of my face first
if i had makeup on?
if i'm going to do that then i expect not to see makeup on my cotton pad when i go in to tone after cleansing
i will be returning.
then this product may not be for you
left with the feeling that i want my money back :
probably try to find something else the next time
at least it was very clear
not even the best moisturiser is able to help
plus it made my skin brake out every time i used it which never ever happened before
plus it left so much makeup on my face that it was not worth using ever again
wont buy it again
however, i'm not 100% sold on this yet.
have been able to keep it calm for a while
after repurchasing it again
i wish they would add the fragrance back.
hoping that they would have it in the sephora store
i would have given it two stars
i think i'm going to return it
i wish lancome would go back to the original formula
this is just a warning that it can break you out
keep coming back to it for my combination skin however
i got a mini version of this to try as a 100 point perk
i used this oil alone for 2 days my skin feels dry then thinking that my skin need to be used to it then i tried it again for a week or so
i won't purchase it again, however.
wouldn't buy it again
i went in again to either return the product or find a better moisturizer hoping that was the problem
hopefully i get a different lady when i go in because i am clearly not the only person who has this same issue
thought i'd give it a try
i wouldn't buy again.
i'd have taken it back if i could find the reciept
unfortunately by the end of the week i was starting to break out
i will keep trying for another week or so
i did find/get any long term results
i won't get it again -misssrm
was never sure if i got all the areas i wanted to cover
was hoping for something that would give me dewiness
i swear this will be gone by the end of the month
wanted to give it time to work
will definitely return this product.
one that does not make my eyes run all day long.
i wish i could get my money back for my purchase
i will be starting my search all over again for that "just right" moisturizer
no matter how long i wait it just sits on top of my skin
i also noticed that as soon as i put it on
that you could see it on parts of my face
i probably need to wait
i like it for day time
even when i put it no where near my eyes
i decided to switch to this one for the summer
until they changed the formula
i really hope they discontinue this
so when you add all that up
have been using them always
will never touch this one again
figured this product would be a good bet
won't be purchasing this one again
as soon as i stopped using it
i did give it a chance for a week hoping that the acne situation will subside
i wish clinique would bring back their old formula
i will definitely not buy this again.
switch them up twice a year depending on how they work
i could never put this on
i am not gonna buy it again.
not sure if i should return again or find a new product
i already have suncreen protection in my make-up
once in a while i try something that's come with praise
can use it only once a day
unfortunately i am past the window of time where i can return to sephora
i will not purchase again.
i would not buy this again.
gotta send it back.
then you would be fine
i never put it near the eyes
did not hydrate as i had hoped for and burned.
will probably try another product
i still tried it
had acnes before do not buy this product
which is fine if it would actually keep my makeup on my face
when i use it before going to bed i do not see much oil on my nose in the morning
i don't think this is going to work for me during the winter months
i plan on trying it again during the summer
i break out every time i use it
with my skin being what it is i just could not continue to use this
my friend once asked why did my face look so wet.
then my oils would seep through as if i had never even put this on
'll continue to use it
let alone after an entire day
so make sure to test it before using it
it "mattifies" so quickly i don't have the chance to rub it into my skin
it could be from the cleanser though
will try something else next time.
then i would definitely buy again
would not buy if i had a choice to.
i would not buy this product again
i decided to try the clarins
i won't be buying it again
this made me breakout after using it once
tried this as a next step
am now going back to what works
for this reason i will not be purchasing again
may be i'm using too each time
as soon as i stoppes using it my skin went back to normal
i will finish what i have
would not purchase this product again
ended up either having to reapply it again within the hour or just going back my regular moisturizer
i won't be purchasing this again.
you could presumably wear it during the day
absolutely unable to wear this under makeup or on days when i can't stay home all day
i will not purchase again.
don't make the mistake of using this in the morning
i won't be buying this again.
i figured i'd continue use seeing as i already had it
nothing really make me stay with both jars once the product has run out
won't be buying this product again.
'm going to return it as i'm unable to use it
not for me, going back.
will be going back.
i am on to the next thing
probably would not buy again
i finally had enough
never trust and try this brand again.
kept it up for 8 weeks to really give the product a chance
i think it may not be the product i was hoping would get rid of my wrinkle area around my mouth
i am not sure if the peeling eventually stops
i just could not take the chance
i hope i see a difference soon!
would never buy again though.
i figured for the price point it would be perfect
definitely returning this tomorrow
used it all so no need to return
i almost never breakout
whenever i would apply it to my face
would not pay almost 70$ for this though.
i will use up but likely not repurchase.
now that winter has come
please try this product thoroughly before you buy- don't let the hype get to you too soon
then it not only broke out my t zone
will never purchase again
i don't know if i will purchase this again even though i like the product
a return for me, try before you buy!
i wish it were for me
i don't plan on buying another once it's all gone
will be going back to
once i figured it was this product
got back to normal never will i use or purchase this item again
i will never listen to a sephora sales rep again
but i find that i only use it in the morning.
i used it for a couple days to see if things would improve
i even tried it twice to make sure that it was the cleanser
will not buy again.
i still feel like this will only last me a month
thought to give it a try
this product did not help out in making them go away
within 1 week of switching i was kicking myself for not switching sooner
i think my big problem was trying this out during the winter months
i say pass this one on by
i probably won't repurchase this one because of the scent
00 dollar range then i would get it
you'll find that the jar was never full in the first place
i would skip this
wanted to try it since my face has been giving me problems lately
decided to try it out
i doubt i will buy this again.
this could be a good spot treatment
was hoping this would help control it a little or help clear it up
i would not recommend using this before bed.
i decided to try this product
may re-review again when it's not winter time.
the pressing jar is a good idea until you travel
give two stars for not breaking me out
will not be buying again
i will likely be returning it to hopefully find something else
if this was put in another set next winter as a full size i would probably pick it up- just not on its own
won't be buying this again.
i couldn't bear to leave it on for longer then a minute
however it was not what i had hoped for
now have no idea what to use
i never ever breakout if i do it's usually from my monthly visitor
will have to return it
you win some, you lose some.
i might try using it again during the summer months when i have more oily skin
you couldn't make me use this product again for any amount of money
you need to keep at it
thought i will try it
over again spending more money is a waste
i eventually tried a new moisturizer for $60 for 1
correctly until it was gone
they did not heal for days
i would not use it again
hopefully this will be a good preventitive.
am not so sure i would pay for this product again
won't buy it again
unfortunately it made me break out all over!
after going on vacation without it
i quickly figured out that it was the problem
probably wouldn't purchase again.
i apply this product right before going to bed
i would never buy this again
then this product may work for you
i would not purchase this again.
am still hoping that by the time i finish the bottle
not for me, i had to return it.
so i had to return it.
i will not purchase it again.
once i finish this since i don't see the wow factor
will not purchase again.
this is not one i would ever buy again
thought i would give it a try he claimed it would take off makeup
still break out which he claimed would make my face clear as well
definately will not repurchase again!
i decided to give this product a try
now i can't get it to go back on right
it's going to be hard to return it by mail
no way would i ever pay $100 for this.
i even had my husb
deal with the smell again
i won't ever buy this
finally put it on
both times could not wait to get it off my face due to the highly concentrated perfume smell that did not diminish over time
it didn't replenish my skin as well as i would have hoped
this product, however, is only okay.
sadly, i had to take this one back.
would give it 5 stars
will definitely be returning.
won't buy this again!
90 dollars later its nothing im so sad i wish i had tried the perricone md oil instead
once a week or once a month for a peel are fine
won't purchase again due to it does nothing on my skin
still didnt see any results
will not buy again.
i won't be going back to this product
have never had it fill my pores
you don't know how close you are to running out until its gone
thought i'd still give it a try
will be returning this asap
i finally had to stop using this
it did not live up to the claim of brightening the skin in one week
will not be buying again
i will keep trying it just in case.
no results except for not being able to move my face
decided to give this a try
i finally decided to purchase this in the hopes that it would at least
will not come out when i try to squeeze them
will stick with it
i would never buy it again or recommend it to anyone
i won't buy this product again because i don't see any effect
did it again only to have the same results
5 weeks so maybe over time it shrinks them more permanently
thankfully i could return it because this would have been a total waste of alot of money for me otherwise
i won't be purchasing again.
i won't be buying this one again -- back on the hunt for a great mask
t would bring back the old formula
works right after you use it.
the hype i would really rather just go to the space once in awhile
after i take it off i can extract them easily
i do still think for the price they should give you the pump bottle in the picture
i would not purchase again
i even gave it two weeks to make sure i wasn't giving up too early
at at that price i decided to return it
i wouldn't buy it again.
thought this would work on him for sure
won't be buying this product again
this is going back.
then when i put my make up on the next day
i am not willing to have my pores look the way they did in hopes that eventually this product would work
i decided to give it a try
was hoping it would perform well
i will still keep using to see if they lighten
still waiting to look like her!
am kind of hoping that it will help prevent also?
i probably will not buy this product again.
maybe once i get some sleep i'll be able to notice better results
to then apply to my face
i plan to return this product for a refund or trade for another product as soon as i can get back to sephora to do so
not sure i will purchase again.
i might buy it again in the future.
i will be returning this product
i think if the results were mind-blowing i could get over it
had to return it after 3 weeks of use as i didn't notice any changes on my skin
i should have returned this product
was hoping to see results over time
i'll give it until the end of the bottle
will not be buying again
i recently added this mask into the mix because i was not seeing the results i wanted
will be trying to return this product asap
i would not buy this again.
it seemed like i would break out more after using this product
never again do i repeat this bad purchase.
couldn't wait to use it since there is no 'treat yourself' day when i could convince myself to spend this much money on a product
will be returning product for sure!
at least i get the benefits somewhere!
i decided not to wash it off to give it a chance
i may give it a try again
i would probably never spend $160
i am just crossing my fingers the store will exchange it for something else
which has never happened before
this is a no go for me
guess i will either return back to shiseido products or go thru trials of samples again
this will not be the first product i've had to return to a store because of the scent
wil be returning this
will definitely not be purchasing
then once i put it on
there is no way this is going on my face.
the only reason i am giving it 1 star is because i have to
won't be using it again to see result
this is the first product that i've ever used that the smell was the#1 factor in my not wanting to ever reapply or use
i will be returning this product.
hopefully they change the smell
i will try it again
now i want to redeem my skin
i will never go near it again
if you can get passed the smell
i would be ok with giving it another try
if it could be smell better i will give it 4 star
not sure if i want to spend the money on a full size which would be needed to determine if there is any improvement to my skin :/
i would've gladly continued using this speedy product if it had produced any results for me
this was not the case with this one
this should not be sold and be put on any skin!
i will not be re-purchasing the even better kind
i won't be buying this again as it's just not working for me
not the results that i had hoped for
i would recommend it for this who have dark spots
i'll never pick up one of their products again.
thought the 2 products together would be amazeing
will not be buying again.
was hoping for the same greatness
i wish i could get my money back!
i don't think i will purchase again once it's gone
when i have it on
i already have dark circles to begin with
i don't plan to purchase the product again after i finish the jar
hope to see some change then
i definitely won't purchase it again.
but why does the price keep going up?
i'll look on my next purchase.
will try it again in the fall/winter when my skin is more balanced
never had this experience with a face cleanser ever before
i've never really had to battle with acne before using this cleanser
it would never fully remove all my makeup
i wouldn't buy it again
i would use it day
would i buy this again?
my skin would immediately feel tight after i used it
even if i try to get used to
but i had to return it because...yeah.
however after using it every night for over a month i see absolutely no result
i will not be buying this product again
i'll probably try another eye product next time.
i won't be buying this
not buying this again.
i'll use it till its gone
i really was only able to use it twice
when i used this i felt like i was applying a clear liquid to my under eye area that i had no idea if it was working or not
at the time i didn't consider it being because of my new eye treatment
this one is going back
still decided to try it out anyways because it still said it would help with my puffiness
i'd say he looks the same in the eye area
we most likely will try something else if it doesn't show results this third week
have given it a chance to do "something"
i wouldn't purchase again personally
returning, not for me
won't buy again and wouldn't recommend.
hopefully my skin will return to normal soon.
definitely returning because i can't even finish this item
i wish this would have held up to what it claims
so when i have a breakout
decided i'd give it a try
having only opened it maybe once or twice
this i have to return
i'll be returning this product.
i wanted this to help
once you smell it
i'll be returning if i can.
wanted to see if this would work
returned it because i already have plenty of moisturizers
it would be going back
neither will be bought again.
will be returning it.
i immediately washed this off because i could not st
it will be the last
glad i could try the one-week supply before buying the big bottle
i don't think i would buy this again.
i am not sure i will buy it again
i returned this even though i was just hoping it would eventually work
it would become more red throughout the day even if i did not have any makeup on
just call it that
if the results were great i might be able to endure the stink
i would like to return it
i added it recently again to my consistent routine
i wouldn't buy it again
i'll use it until it is gone
i probably won't be purchasing this again
i never had 11s however after starting to use this product i started to notice them when lieing down on my side
which after using it for awhile it has not done
i will not be buying again.
decided to take the chance on this product for my own
i am at a loss on what to try next
i won't be buying it again
probably won't be repurchasing it though unless they change bottle
this one consistently made me break out
then the breakouts come
going back to my belif oil
which is why it gets two ☆s
i think i will hold onto it for how great it did work
i think i will return this
thought i would give shiseido a try
will not buy again
will not buy again.
maybe 2-3 hours before re-application is necessary
by the time i would get to work
they would still water
i will definitely not buy it again
i will be returning it
it did look good later
i would not buy it again, though.
i won't buy this again.
won't buy it again
it also made my makeup look 'orangy' which was the thing that made me return it
did not get the results i was hoping for
i will be returning the produce
this did not stop the shine at all
i will be returning this product
it is going back
after reading the reviews i can see that i was not the only one who had the same issue with this product
so not best for the morning if you don't have a ton of time to wait between morning routine
now you get it for free.
not sure i would buy again.
i will return to hope in a jar.
probably won't purchase again
it was not what i expected at all.
i should have tried it first
heavy feel to it would not even appeal to me in the midst of january
let me say once again that sephora is to be praised
it won't be this one
i think i will try something different after this is gone
i will be returning this.
i wouldn't buy it again
it did, however, remove all my makeup.
as soon as i stopped using this product
i'll be returning this unfortunately.
would not purchase again.
wanted to try something new
then this probably would too
unfortunately, this is going to be returned.
thought i would be fine
decided to give it a go
i will not repurchase unfortunately.
hoping that this will be the magic combination!
i will be returning to the other acne cleanser pronto to fix what this has done to my face
i will be returning this product!
wont be purchasing this again
so will not purchase again
i liked it but wouldn't buy it again .
i could see it was not working
i am not ready for that period
decided to try this product
will use the rest
i will not buy again
just have no idea what to use first
not sure i would get it again!
t will last a long time
i will finish this bottle but won't buy again.
then it order again
unfortunately it made my face burn after i applied it
will be returning this product
it was quite the reverse
as soon as i stopped using it
it will suit my needs i'm just not excited about using this 2 pumps is what i use so this 2oz will last me until i decide what i will get next because this br
it gets a point for my not breaking me out
probably won't re-purchase.
yet sometime this product can al
i guess i will try to finish it up
won't come back again
now my cheeks are starting to get oily when they never were before
i will be returning this product
this one was only okay.
i'll probably just use it on my neck until it runs out
we both tried it.
i never really had any eye bag before
decided to give this one a try
it doesnt come out as even
i will be returning.
will not buy this again.
however i think i expected this to work miracles
i hope i do eventually
not enough to warrant ever buying this again
what i also did not expect is dries very quickly during the winter time leaving a fine line around my eye area
i don't think i'll be buying this one again
i've had for a year now--i should have returned it when i could
i think it will last forever
i wish it had an spf in it!
i am going to try to put it in the fridge from now
but i won't be purchasing it again.
i needed at least 5 drops just for my face
for those who are in the same boat please don't get your hopes up
probably will not purchase again because of price
i've tried posting my experience on here once before
'm giving it a go again for those who may have a skin type similar to mine
i will not purchase again
think this is going back.
i give it 3 stars because it didnt break me out
will not purchase again
i will be returning this product tomorrow.
would not purchase again
however, it doesnt work on me.
go for just one because using all of them is a waste of money
someday i'll find an eye cream that not only hydrates
then this is fine
so i'll give it that.
have more lines then when i started
even in the summer where i am always looking refresh
i would give it 0 stars if possible.
i will never purchase this again
have been hesitant to buy it again simply based on the jar
i could have looked over that if the results were good
i definitely won't be repurchasing again.
as soon as i put this on my face i smelled a very strong alcohol
i decided to keep it on and pray for the best.
after completely using up this serum i am ready to give an honest review
this was due to worry it would cause a break out.
most definitely it will cause a break out
only time will tell if it "freezes" your face as it looks now
but i got break out because of this product.
won't buy it again.
probably won't buy it again
i wanted to it a try before i completely wrote it off
the next time i put it on the smell was there again
will not buy again.
won't go near this again!
i won't buy it again.
i will be returning this tomorrow.
t will be returned
i just wouldn't buy it again.
had to wash my entire face again
i will finish the jar before deciding if it's worth buying again
i won't buy this again
i feel now i need to try it in conjunction with another eye cream
i will finish the jar but will not repurchase.
will just do that in the future
for $95 this night cream should do it all.
i did find it hard to get past the smell at first
once this is gone
i won't buy it again
i won't buy it again
needless to say i will be sending it back
i will be returning this product.
will not be using any longer once my bottle finishes
not enough to buy it again for $40
not sure if i would want to spend 40$ again on it
it might be fine
i've never had an issue like this with my skin before
decided to try something different
i though my skin would get use to it
if it gets anywhere near my eyes
so hopefully this new one works for me
i gave it another chance since it might just be the weather doing the changes on my skin
if i could give this zero stars i would.
i will not be purchasing this one again.
will not purchase again.
it also made me break out a bit
when i found i could not use it on my face
s just to try to get some use out of it
i felt like i had to had to use several pumps to even make my face feel like i could go out in public
so this may have been part of the problem
unfortunately i don't think i'll be purchasing this again
won't buy it again
if you plan on wearing this under make-up it will peel when you try
i will say that it dries quickly
only to see my skin revert back to normal pretty soon
i will be returning it
it also did not help to improve my skin at all
will not return it, but likely won't repurchase.
i will be returning this cleanser though.
i wasn't sure if it was from the cleanser or if it was from the fact that there was still makeup residue left on my face after using it
still continue to have them after using this cleanser
i continued to use it thinking that i tried the cleanser at a bad time in my cycle
even after my cycle
it cost too much to let it sit in the back of my cabinet
this product will not be enough to wash away all the make up
i would use this at night
this may work for you
i will have to return this
i would not purchase this product again.
i would not buy this again
i won't be buying it again.
my face looks the same as it did before i put it on
will be returning this the next chance i get.
even if i tried putting more of the product on my face after 10 minutes
i will have to find a real night cream.
i doubt that i will be buying this product again
now with that being said
have yet to see any results
i wish i could get my money back
i decided to try this product
i keep trying in the hopes it'll work
i'll be returning it today.
decided to give another chance
i would buy again if it wasn't so expensive or it worked how it should
they both said the same thing
we both broke out i kept trying to give it a chance by using it 2 more times
i will return it
i need my money back i hate buying things that are no use
finally decided to buy it
definitely not buying again.
i though it would be perfect because it would take them all out
will be returning by the end of it
for 32 dollars i was thinking its going to be better then the cheap ones i find on sites like wish
i would not buy it again personally.
not what i wanted and i returned it.
without seeing any pore cleaning i would not purchase again
will not be purchasing again.
i think i'm just going to return it
if i could give this product zero stars i would.
again does nothing for your skin
not sure it will get the results one would hope to encourage a purchase
where i never ever get them
my foundation did not sit well on my skin after application of this cream in the am
being a big fan of a few other henriksen products i decided to give this a try
i think that will last a while
i think they should make a light version that comes with pump
i will definitely move on to something else once i finish this
the consistency used to make it last forever
if you are looking to stay within the ole henriksen line
this is definitely a product i would recommend trying before you buy
i will not use this again.
won't give up just yet
thought this would be the same
won't be purchasing ever again.
i decided to give this one a try
i never get acne i started using this product
this one let me down
give this one a miss.
i actually feel like my skin has had a setback from not using my regular treatments
soon as i got off work
i hope i see the effect before i finish the use of this product :
i will be returning this for sure.
not as tight as it once was
i definitely won't be trying any anti-aging products again
wish i could get my money back
i wouldn't buy this again
i would not buy it again
that it would be the last eye cream that i would buy
at night- it never felt like it would soak in at all
i would probably buy again
i would never buy again
again = too heavy for me
could never ever again put this on my face
i would not purchase this product again.
thought i would give it a go
i would never spend $65 dollars on it
i'll probably end up sending this back.
this definitely does not cut it
i will definitely not repurchase.
took a chance with this product to see if it would smooth my skin
maybe i'll continue using it every other day
sadly it just isn't even close to being able to keep my skin hydrated
i would go through an entire jar in like a month because i felt like i could never put enough on my face
it felt as if it never fully absorbed -- it just kind of sat on my skin
that too never fully absorbed -- when i touched my face
i would skip it
i'll try other products next time
i recommend only using it when you aren't wearing make up or just at night
i will start by saying this feels amazing once applied
for the price, i had to return it.
no thank you in the break out
definitely try before you buy
was hoping this was the answer for a smoother
is this to soon to be noticing anything?
could it be that its not working for me?
so he will continue using it
hoping that it was just a purging phase or something
i will not be re-buying when i run out
never really was able to work it into my routine
this product, unfortunately, made me break out.
as soon as i stopped using it my skin stated to clear up again
i won't use it again
those who have loved it for a long time may have noticed a change at some point
one thing i can say about this product is that it has just about disappeared after using this
don't know if i would buy it again once i run out
unfortunately i had to return this product
if you like that then go for it.
i will have to return it
t's going to last you long
once on it's own
if it weren't for the product breaking me out both times i wouldn't have returned it
unfortunately it made my face break out.
this made me break out every time i tried to use it
will not buy again
maybe i could use this at night
hope that the smell would fade out
i will definitely never purchase this one again.
i won't spend my money on it again
i will be returning.
had big hopes for this
've given up on that
although they do tighten
then it just stops working altogether
today i will be going back to sephora to discuss my dilemma
i think i'm going to return it
it will stay that's way all day
i find that after i put it on
hoping ptr will come up with a better formula
as soon as you put make up on
loses some of the magic once you put foundation over it
its ok for someone with time to play with
i would imagine it would be the same if i tried any liquid based foundation on top of it too
if you put make-up on then the wrinkles seem to re-appear
once this little problem is solved i'll try it again
i would not purchase it again
the next day i was finally able to get this off my skin completely
the moment i put anything over it
if you are going out
then right back to where you were.
can keep the effect longer in hopes it somehow helps in the long run
you are back to no results
i just expected something
after you wash it off does not leave the face looking a lot different than before using it
i won't really be able to determine its efficacy until i've been using it for a longer period of time
doesn't feel like i still need to wash it off an hour later
will be throwing this out asap.
i personally don't like that i have to add this extra step to my routine when i can get moisturizers that work fine on their own
then this will do it
i wouldn't purchase again
i'd like to start out by saying that i am a dermadoctor fan
it tends to pill up if i don't let it sit for several minutes before i apply my foundation
very doubtful as each time i put it on
i don't think i will use it again.
for the price i would think the application would go on better
i will just continue using it until i finish it
would not buy again
decided it would be great to try
i won't buy it again
i will be returning this before the holidays
i won't buy it again
whenever i use it i would breakout the next day
would always break-out
for that i will give it three stars.
i've never returned a product before because it seems useless to do so after i've opened it
i'll try a different one next time.
i keep going back
if i could actually squeeze the product out
i wont be buying this again
give it time to work
wouldn't get this again unless it became cheaper
not at all what i expected
will not purchase again
was hoping this would help
it doesnt work at all
once it starts to work
when i want to use it at night before i go to bed
would not purchase again.
then shortly after i feel like i haven't applied anything at all
i will finish up the jar but will not repurchase.
an hour later i find myself feeling dry again
i won't be back for more.
feels good however i will not be using it again
wanted to love this because of price point
i am hoping they bring back the old formula
bring the old one back please.
for myself however i just want the old formula back
will not buy again unless they make an oil free version
i still continue to use it because it smells
this is going back to the store.
given that i was told i would see results within 2-3 weeks
get my money back
won't be purchasing another shiseido product ever again
for that reason, i won't purchase this again.
finally there was so-so coverage
if then there is any improvement
i will come back
it is a struggle to get anything at all
there is no reason to use all of the product within 20days for sure
now seeing that it is over $100 to buy
this isnt what i expected from caudalie
then tried this cream again
will not be trying this again
which i have been trying to fix for over 2 yrs
every pump ends up giving me at least 4 applications worth of product no matter how hard i try to get less
it is a low spf so i won't order again.
i actually started to get dry patches under my eyes which has never happened to me before
i will never buy again.
just now it is starting to run out
i'll be trying something else next time
hoped this product would work for me
i'll be darned if i'll ever again purchase a cream at this price point that doesn't allow me to take the top off
i will not buy this again unless they change the container
possibly longer if it had not dried out
i cant even take the top off to try
i didnt even think it was that hydrating when i was able to get some out
i will never purchase again.
if you buy this
i will not be buying it again.
was hoping this would help me hydrate as is freezing where i live right now
i won't buy again.
everytime i would start using it again
so i hope it will work for you
i will apply this at least 30 minutes before i plan on putting on makeup
will probably not repurchase.
will not purchase again.
not buying this again.
i won't be using this again.
i received a sample of this in store so right off the bat keep in mind i was only able to use this for about a week versus long-term
i would really like to mail it back if possible.
once it runs out, i will not purchase again.
i would not repurchase again unless i only want a great gel eye moisturizer
will return it if they take it back
dont think i will buy this compony again
i will definitely not buy again
therefore i won't buy again
it never gave me the hydration i needed
decided to give this a try
not sure if i would purchase this again
then this will work for you
i am going to return it
have never broken out like this from a product before
this product may temporarily make your skin smooth right after you put it on
i personally would not buy it again
makes it impossible to open this easily or in a hurry
i will definitely be returning this product
if you are able to st
she told me that no amount of water will fix that
then this is the product for you
if not for the $15 discount i got from sephora
i will not be tempted to buy this product at all
i can always return it
will i be a repeat customer ?probably not
i will switch back to origins plantscription which was my first choice anyway if not for the convicing sales pitch of the sephora associate
because i will have to try that next time
let alone having it on my face
not in the summer
won't buy this product again
i spent a lot of $ thinking this will finally help me with my problem
then it turned out to be just what i needed at the time
this did not last long
continued using it hoping that my pores would eventually get smaller
this was my chance to give pore reduction a try
would i buy this again for pore reduction?
i think i'm finally ready to accept the fact that i just have big pores
so i got another one.
decided to give it a try
i do not think i will be purchasing this product again
i hoped that this product would work
would help me out
with extended use i didn't notice any change in my pores over time
might start using it again
i would not buy it again.
i won't be buying this again.
i will not be buying this again
i would not purchase this again.
could go under makeup
unfortunately, i saw no long term results.
i would not buy it again.
still wondering if i should return it
i won't buy it again.
alas, this will be going back too.
as soon as it starts to work you realize you need to order again
i will keep trying
i will finish the jar in hopes that i see a change
this is no magic cream that will take off 10 years
need to get your skin back to where it should be
probably won't purchase this one again
will not buy again.
i will not use this product again.
not sure i'll be purchase again..
i keep hoping i'll see a change
it was just another reason not to continue using it
i recently switched from la mer products because i just couldn't afford it when i needed it
so with some research this product seemed like the next big choice
i may try it in the summer.
now it will be a long road back for my face.
i am not able to use retinols
won't buy it again.
be sure to try before you buy.
stop using it for a while to make sure it was the algenist that was causing the problems
there is something in there that made me break out like a 15 year old
unfortunately, i had to return it.
as soon as it gets here im throwing this one away
will give that a go
then switched to this one to get a little spf added
it never gives any added film
i will not be buying it again.
as soon as i stopped using this cream
unless you plan on using this cream every single day for the rest of your life
i would not start using it in the first place
will try something else now that i'm out.
keep using this cream until now
the fine line on my eyes still can see they appears
i continue using right now
hope it is can see some result after
i think it might be good for once a week?
how can i get another jar like the first one?
i can now see fine lines
which i have never seen before
i wish i could return this.
i don't think i will purchase again
buy an eye cream that actually works in the long term i think you will be happier with the results vs
i won't be buying it again.
we'll be returning it
i strongly recommend you try it on the back of your h
i wish this also continued to help fine lines not just "temporarily" diminish
cause at the end of the day the fine lines are still there
have tried for 8 days to get it to go on without a residue
this can come in h
i've only recently started to see signs of "fine lines" around the eye so perhaps this product was not meant for me
would not purchase again
have not used it again
will never buy it again
this time so bad i will take it back
also you can absolutely not put make-up or an under eye cover on it
then don't put any makeup over it
that can even be seen under makeup
if i try to put it on last it won't blend in
so i will be returning it to the store.
once you put o moisturizer 7 minutes later it is not effective
will not purchase it again
as long as you use it alone on your face
at least not for me
i won't be purchasing this product again unless they change it back
probably won't reorder once it's gone.
thought this would be the solution
but it didnt work at all for me.
then tried to branch out to see if there was something better
although that being said
it never closed right
will not purchase again and will be returning.
being a beauty junkie i still couldn't resist since i'd been waiting for what felt like forever to receive this
it took everything off so easily
finally decided to use it
it's just not something i would ever put on my face again
i would have given 5 stars if it removed all my makeup
this will be my last time purchasing it.
the oil did not move easily across my skin
not something i'll purchase again.
need to go in with the right expectations
then you have to get just the right amount of water to make it slippery enough to actually use on your face
so you have to get just the right amount to even make it work
i think i'm going to have to give up on it
just to get it to try
i needed a moisturizer that had spf when i want to lounge around the house or when i am not going to put on any makeup
as i never experienced this before
the amount i thought would cover one cheek was enough for my entire face
i made sure to use barely any each time
it would be best used only at night because no one wants to leave the house with a greasy mask on
i dont think i will ever repurchase this again.
once i put it on
then this is probably a decent product
i won't buy it again.
will be going back
i'll be returning this asap.
it was gonna within a month of my purchase
i will not be buying again just due to price.
every time i try it
will never buy this
i wouldn't buy this again
would not buy again
would not purchase again.
it'd be like half the price
then i will not repurchase
forcing myself to get through the container so as not to waste money
i won't be trying his again.
i don't have time to wait for this to sink in
will not buy again.
now going into spring i can only use this before bed
then take it off
i just don't think i would purchase it again.
will not be purchasing again.
i would not purchase this item again
haven't found one yet that ever has though
yes i would get it again
i will not buy this eye cream again.
will not buy again.
i dont think i will purchase it again
i would never repurchase.
thought i'd give this a try
so i'll be switching back to clinique i guess.
thought this may be just what it needed.
i do think it feels better then before i started using it
sephora was nice enough to take it back because i went through a lot of the cream in those two weeks
every morning there is a hard piece that comes out with the product that will not absorb
i guess this is the product at the beginning
i doubt i will buy this again unless some kind of miracle happens
i think i'll return this.
i sure wish there was something that worked as promised
decided to give it a try
unless i see some semblance of a result in the next week
not buy it again
i would not buy this again
give it some time
which are not that bad to begin with
decided to try it after a night of not sleeping well
over again that this would take care of those pesky under eye circles that i have from the late nights
mornings that seem to come too soon
alas these dark circles aren't going anywhere anytime soon
i decided to give it a try
am going to return it
had no irritation with this which is why i give it three stars
tried again a week later hoping it was something else
never seems to make it on???
which is why it gets 2 stars
i'll continue to use it, but wont repurchase.
i will keep looking :-( returning this.
will not be finishing the whole product
buy i will probably try another cream once i run out of this
using it a week later to see if it the dryness had been caused by anything else
will not purchase again.
would not purchase again.
then i tried it again a week or so later
i don't see myself buying this again.
i decided to try this
i figured it needed more time to work on the fine-lines i'm starting to see
for that reason, i would not buy it again.
i will never buy this again!
i will have to return it
while i find this line is gentle i just am not seeing any results that would warrant me purchasing it again
it did brighten but i had to stop using it...
i wouldn't buy it again
still took probably a week or so before the bumps started to go away
if you can overcome the smell then you should try this goodie
even after i tried to do it as gently as possible for a short amount of time
you may be able to get away with it
won't be purchasing again.
i think i have no choice but to take it back.
would not re-buy
however when i tried it next time
i wish i could post my before
it was just a waste of money
i am hoping i could save some of you time
i probably won't be repurchasing.
may be off-putting to some
i wanted to like it but had to return it.
they kept coming till i stopped using this product
so you don't have to put up with it all day
once that is all done
i will not be purchasing again
returning and trying something new.
will not buy again.
i've never had this type of breakouts
get some in it
i may not buy this again anytime soon
i can continue to use it below my eyes as long as i don't come close to the eye area
i realized it was time to find something to replace it
i've never, ever had this problem before.
i will not be purchasing again
i won't be buying it again
will be returning the product
they have yet to respond
i also love the way it feels after you apply it.
i won't be purchasing this again.
i will be trying something different with my next purchase
stinging even though i made sure not to put this too close to them
after about 3 weeks unfortunately neither are for me
i'll be trying a different product now that i've run out of this
always had to unscrew the top to get to the face wash however that's not why i've given a low review
i never break out from anythingggg
i might have to return it
am going to give it another week.
if may be going back.
t's still too early to decide
will likely not buy again
will continue to use until it is gone.
now that we've officially reached the end of the jar
this was the only thing that i added to my routine
i believe one of them has started to fade
i will keep looking!
not a fan, will never use it again.
decided to give this a try
will definitely be going back to the store
if i lived closer to a store i would definitely return
for $75.00, it should at least come in a tube.
i won't be purchasing again.
if i use this in the morning
after 3 weeks of use i was hoping for better results
am going continue as long as it lasts to see if the results improve
i should have my $75.00 back.
will return the rest of the bottle as soon as i get a chance
i will not buy this again for that reason alone.
i doubt i will purchase it again.
i will probably come back to review again in another 4 weeks
i never break out either.
will be taking back.
i will still keep using it until it it is all gone
i expect it to make some sort of difference by week 4
there has has never been a product that i refused to use for that reason
i would never by it
the down side is you go through it very quickly
for that reason i can give it only three stars.
enough so that i could skip that step
face felt like i still had product on it for hours afterwards
will give them that
i would give zero star i could
i would give this zero stars if i could.
when i tried to wash it off- even with a cloth it would not come off
i would never spend over $100 on something like this
will definitely never purchase or sample again
if you buy this
i would never buy it
i'd have to re wash my face again
then you have to get the product
could not get it off
i've never been so disappointed because now i have to go through the trouble to find something else
because there was no way i could continue using it :
sadly, this will be returned.
i won't be buying it again.
probably won't buy again
am sure i will continue t get more of this wash in the value packs
wouldn't purchase it on it's own again
just to get some use out of it
won't buy again strictly because of that
i don't think i'd buy again
i believe i'll be returning to algenist
this seems to happen each time i take a break
probably won't buy again.
i ultimately returned it because of the strong
would totally buy this again if they provide a fragrance-free version
so will have to return
i could only get about 3/4 of the product out of the pump
let me say that i have tried several products from algenist
they eventually did write back to say the product was appropriate for sensitive skin
i will keep this product in mind for 10 years down the road or so
i think at that time i would like to revisit it
returned it for that price it should have done more
within 5 minutes not be able to tell whether i've applied it or not
i probably won't repurchase.
i did not notice any changes in my skin after using for a month
i tried it out for 10 days to really give it a try
i should have tried it before buying a whole jar
next time i'll try another br
i will not be buying again
they put some in my h
i could only use it 3 times before i had to return it
been using for a month now-i do not see one difference in my skin's appearance
want to return but think its too late.
so know i only use it once maybe twice in a week depending how i feel
i definitely would not buy this again.
won't purchase this product again
ultimately, i had to agree.
going back to my murad for now.
i will not be ordering this again.
red which she never had a problem with either
which is what i was hoping for
turnaround overnight didn't even sink in by the next morning
i wish i saw more results
had never experienced this with any product before
alas, i had to return it.
have no job at the moment :/
that's what i thought as soon as i took the cap off
i will be returning it.
not only did it not take off the make up it also burned my eyes
i will buy it again
won't be buying again
unless you plan to go in with a second cleanser
if you want to use the product to remove make up
will be returning it.
i find that i need to leave it on longer
i've never had this happen to me with any product until i removed make up with this
while i would not purchase the rest of the ginzing line
again that could just be because of my sensitivity
i loved being able to try this product out for free from influenster
i would definitely only use this at night
you need to give it quite some time before it feels fully absorbed
i wish i had come here first
now i'm using it again
i wouldn't buy it again
do not leave my face feeling like it will crack open if i smile
after now looking on sephora
will not purchase again
i will be returning this
you win some and you lose some.
initially i really liked this because it took all the excess oil off my face
not going to continue using this
had to try it out
bought this in hope that it would work wonders
i won't buy it again
if it doesn't work the second week return it
once you get to the third night you use it as a spot treatment
i wouldn't buy it again
kind of a waste of money, wouldn't buy again.
had really high hopes for it
you could even apply this before make up
unfortunately i am going to return
would i buy this again
it also takes forever to sink in so forget about wearing it in the am under makeup unless you have like an hour to wait for it to sink in
neck then see how that works
will not purchase again.
don't think i'll buy it again
it seems like it will last a long time
will not purchase this one again
heard that this would help with that
had terrible acne which i had to return asap
which has never happened to me before
i will be taking this product back.
i never break out
it makes me break out any time i use it
even if i use it on my neck
i desperately wanted this to live up to the hype
i won't take my chances with that one either
opted to continue trying this out
only after i stopped using it did i realize that this was the problem all along
i only ever breakout right before my period
i like it so much that i'm going to try the oil-free kind next just in case
unfortunately the next morning my face was red
then i find a product that will break me out
probably would not repurchase
i will be returning this for sure!
it is winter so that's to be expected
will be switching back
just wanted to try something new.
never going to buy this product again
i've never had something this drying before.
i would not buy again.
it seemed to last forever
hopefully this is because i just starting using it
because they will burn
i used it for 2 or 3 weeks hoping that it would get better
wish i could get away with that
i wish i could return it
probably won't re-purchase.
i might go back to buy one or i might not after i use up the sample
i literally break out maybe once a month.
am still using it cuz again
continue my never ending search once more
i will not be re purchasing after finishing my bottle
won't try this one again.
even if i use it every week
i will say that it seems to last quite a while
my suggestion would be to go to sephora
i will not be buying this again
the only thing that happened to my face was how oily it was the next morning
t could have been either one that helped with that
will not buy again due to the harshness of the product
maybe if i had tons
wanted to try something new
putting it on hoping
optimistically that it will work this time
i probably will not buy again
but i will try other lines (of origins surely).
but i will still use the rest of this first.
going to return and try to restore my eyes.
i wanted to try something new
wont but it again
will definitely be returning.
if i use it in the am
i think i'll just keep it for night time
again, it could just be my skin.
thought i would give this a try
i did return it
thought i would give this eye cream a try
the cleanser initially clears access oil however it does not last for the whole day
its not bad but i wouldn't purchase again.
i decided to get this to replace it
i really wish sephora would bring back clear days ahead because that stuff is amazing
hopefully i can find my receipt to return this
try something else or try to find philosophy clear days ahead somewhere else
decide to try something new
will not purchase again.
other than that i probably won't purchase again.
i decided to try this on a whim as i needed a new cleanser
probably not going to repurchase.
i won't return it
definitely won't buy again
since i still breakout
i am still trying to get my skin back to normal
everytime i use it i get break out the next day.
i've tried three origins products till now
i expected to like this
i will not purchase again
not the deep drink i was hoping for
if i could go back
decided to give this a try
it's going back to the store.
i knew i was going to send it back
the only down side is i found myself going through this really quickly
not sure if the price was worth how quickly i went through it
decided to give it a try
thought this could be the product for me
it was a no go for me
i definitely wont be buying this product again
its not so bad that i would have returned it
i will keep this for those bad weeks
definitely will be returning.
i don't think it did anything for my skin though so likely won't buy it again before exploring other options
i would have to put more on throughout the day
i break out every time i use it
i plan on returning asap.
will not be purchasing this again
i probably won't buy again cuz of the price
the next day wasn't any better
not sure if i would use again
thought this would be my saving grace
you can get a bunch of uses out of it if you use it as a spot treatment by only opening one corner of it
i didn't really notice a reduction in oil the next day
they might be the only reasons that kept me from using the product
i am getting no where
i will just stick with the tried
i will not buy again.
the minute i find something that works as well
i started to notice that with the use of other products that my skin was finally getting brighter
it will be going back.
had no idea when i need to buy more until i was all of a sudden out after barely having it for a month
the time spent using it does not add us
would watch out with this product
i would never use it in the morning
the product also never sunk into my skin
i will probably only use this on a bare face day.
will not pop back up for awhile
i would buy this again if they just changed to a normal pump or tube
not just a couple the entire are was full of them you could see it under my concealer
after 1 week i feel like i'm going to need months
months to fix what this did to my face
if you are going to use it
s so this was just another line to try
i suppose i'll try it on the rest of the orbital area
not that i would expect that quick of a turn around time
for the first 2 weeks it seemed to be alright
would not buy it again.
yet to see any changes
the only thing that seems to work for me during the winter
i never saw any long term benefits
can't wait for my brand to come back in stock.
i am now suspecting the same thing
i wouldn't buy this product again.
i wish clinique would bring back the old formula!
won't be buying this again
i guess i'll keep with the routine until i run out
though i don't think i'll be purchasing again
if it happens again
the only time i can really use it is at night.
i wish i had kept the box so that i could return it
have to wait so long to put on makeup after because it feels like it is just sitting on my face
wasn't ready to commit to a full jar
not sure if it had sat on the shelf too long
will definitely not buy again.
would not purchase again
but this is going back.
thought i will need to get this one instead of the regular one
which has never happened to me again
i’m not even sure if i’ve finished the product… sometimes i get drops
i've never had acne issues to begin with
this could be the case.
this should last me awhile
i will wait to see results
i am going to move on from here
wish i can return it
unfortunately after just one use
he said i could use it all over the eye day
it's going back...today!!
will not purchase again
in my mid-30's want to act now to ensure they stay young
would not try it again
hope that i'll see more improvement before i ever consider spending this much on an eye treatment again
don' think i'll buy it again
will see after done with the bottle
this is his first product that i have not given a 5 star review
i will not buy this again.
i will not purchase again.
i will not purchase again
i never break out
if i wanted them to be
probably will not purchase again
wouldn't buy it again.
i can't get the built up product out so that it will work
this was the only new thing
however if you can afford to spend $220 for 0
if only 2 drops is all i needed maybe
spend the money in hopes that it would help
this must be a joke.
don't feel i will purchase again
for the price it should have done something
so the very next day
it will last me quite some time
i wouldn't buy the products again.
a bit of patience to decide if it's a keeper for the long haul
wish it had kept working for me
not sure i'll purchase again
definitely would not buy again
sadly i must return.
i will not be purchasing from this line again.
should see difference by then
then you might need to be cautious with this one
so now, i need something for the new lines.
all the help they can get most days
i would buy again as an am eye gel
i will give it at least 30 days before i decide to return or not
won't buy it ever again
wouldn't buy it again
will continue to buy from the line though
i will not be buying this product again.
i've never had that problem before
will not purchase again!
would never buy again!
in the end not every product is for everyone
i would give it one star for that
i usually never break out
whenever i use it
'm going to give it more time before going back to my old product
will work for me
i wanted to try something new
there are days when it seems to be the same
i will probably try something different next time
i would stick with it
hoped this would work
will be returning it.
i guess its going back....
sadly because i had high hopes for this
i will say that when i put it on
still use it at night here
i would take a break and try again.
i know that sephora takes returns
i'll finish my jar but i won't be buying more.
i felt for the $$ it should be the balm
i would definitely buy again despite the scent if it was not priced as high as it is
then you will probably love it
i keep on giving this product a chance because its not cheap
that being said i was not ready to pay $60 on that one
i did leave it on all night
since i know it works i will probably keep using it
might be willing to re-buy once i run out for winter
i liked this until it cause me to breakout in places i haven't had breakouts in for many years
decided to try it out
i am not sure i would repurchase however.
i find myself in need of another jar soon
i give it about 4 more weeks until i have to replace it
i may have to start the dreaded search for a different one again if the old packaging doesn't return
i will stick with this
i too will be cutting the package open to get everything out
i love being able to scoop out just the right amount
was probably the first lipbalm i ever tried i was probably like 6 or 7 may be
i will be going back to eve lom
it also made me break out.
i will never purchase it again.
i wanted to love this but i'll pass.
never had this issue with those
used it once and am returning it asap.
even though the price was way out of my budget
decided to try it out
this one was a no go for me
that i decided that it was something that i could benefit from
i decided to give this a try after reading the amazing claims
you have to be quick
that must all happen within the blink of an eye since there isn't much of a delay between the spraying
i eventually returned it because i think it is overpriced
she was so excited about it sicne it is a bottled version of a treatment kate sommerville gives all of herstarlets before they walk the red carpewt
although i can hear that the can is half full
i would return it if i kept my reciept
even if i have to use it once per day
then by all means
i should add that i'm not in my 20's
i will not re-purchase this.
i tried it for over a month to give it the benefit of doubt
i could never use this during the day
this is a dud and is going back to the store.
wish it were a keeper, but i'm back to searching.
i will not buy it again due to the smell
i think if they made a change to it i would buy in the future
will not be buying it again
i think i'll save this one for night time use
if i decide to use it again
expected to love this one
once i'm done i will not repurchase
can't get close to my face when i have it on
fortunately it does go away after awhile
i'll never buy it again
no way could makeup go over this product
decided to just use it as a night cream
this will be going back to sephora
i will enter a new review when i try that
wanted to try something new
i won't purchase again
will never buy it
i will definitely be returning this
wish they had put this in a container with a pump vs in a jar
finally decided to give them a try
never have i broke out after trying something new
i will not buy this again.
thought i'd give this a try
then it turned out to have a very light consistency
i kept using it hoping i would eventually get over it or maybe i'd see the benefits of using it
i will never be able to find out because the smell is unbearable
i won't ever do that again.
because i am just the same without it
when i put this product on
i will use up what i have
i will not be buying it again
to be the all in one i wanted
i keep trying to go back to this
i will definitely not repurchase.
i will be returning
i don't think i would buy it again
since then i always make sure i have it when traveling
won't travel without it
my first thought was to send it back no matter how well it worked
decided to give this a go
once it was strong
i so wanted this to be my solution.
would not buy again
probably a one time purchase for me.
it starts to burn eventually
i've had this product for awhile now
giving this two stars because it did work to depuff my eyes
will not be using this again!
in regards to previous reviews that say their eyes burned when they used it-maybe they got it too close to their eyes?
i will not be trying this product again.
i will have to buy it from them
i will be returning this product.
like if you put vicks under there.
i still wanted to give it a try
i will not buy it again.
if i would have
i probably would have tried it until the end of the jar
i tried it once--the smell was so strong
i won't get to find out
i really had high hopes for this one
once i switched to another product
also last you a long way: is not the case with omorovicza masks at all
made this expensive purchase really believing that it would be a keeper
i would never spend $80 on something that's in contact with my skin for under a minute
i still had makeup
they can get their money
unfortunately i'm going to have to return it.
will be going back to that
i seriously wanted to be head over heals with this one
i didnt expect it to work so quickly
sadly, will have to return it.
when i put this on
i do need to apply mousturiser in addition to this oil later on in the day
i won't be buying it again.
decided to try this oil
it was the same thing all over
maybe i need to be using it two times a day
i definitely will use it to the end
a half i would have been ok it if it worked
final notes:that is $125 i will never see again
maybe i will try drugstore products now.
i would skip it.
in the beginning it did make my skin feel smooth when i put it on overnight
it also made me break out
after using it for a few days it made my combo skin so dry you would not believe it
i break out a lot every time i use it
my skin didn't look any different the next day
a place i never break out
for some reason anytime i get a pimple it will leave a red spot for an incredibly long time
i expected it to work within 3 days honestly for the price tag
wish i could return it.
beware that if you are breaking out after using this
applied it again a little bit the 2nd night
so my conclusion is that
you have to test it out
i hoped it would help with that
decided to try it even though it was double the price
like 2 or 3 new areas where i never break out at
i did not want to use it again because my skin was already so broken out from it
if i could i would give it half a star
as soon as i put makeup
it is going back to the store : (
nothing that would stop me from buying it if i saw results
decided i'd give it a try
i would give this a try
once i stopped using this product i noticed a change immediately in how clean my skin felt
where i never break out
it is now march, & i have seen no difference.
i probably won't buy again
i only continue to use it because i couldn't bring myself to throw away almost $70
i keep going back to it to try
give it another chance
couldn't wait to start using it
never put it on my t-zone
i decided to try this hoping that it would help me with the fine lines on my neck
i've thought about using this again b/c it did have good results right away
i expected more of a "peel-off" kind of mask which was probably my mistake
i don't have time for this step.
i want to just put it on
this is going back.
not sure if i'd buy again or not
i plan on trying to exchange it for the other kind i use so that my face can go back to normal
i decided to try this product
was even willing to settle for something admittedly temporary like this
thought i would give this a try
would not buy this again.
so decided to try this product
will probably use up all that remains of it
thought i should give it a fair try first
the product did not last very long for the price
probably wouldn't buy again
i think for the money i will be returning.....
however it made me break out like i have never before
i wanted this to be a 'treatment'
exactly as prescribed for an entire 6 weeks before i gave up on the whole thing
on to the next one for me.
wouldn't recommend spending the $40 on this when you can just get the clear days ahead treatment instead
it is hard to put it back in
i always have to use a treatment to keep from breaking out
i continue to break out when i use it
i decided to try this out
i've never had a reaction like this before
then this may work for you
i'll review again once i finish the tube...
as rupaul would say: bring back my
i think i will return this
i would put it on
i decided to use it
but...they were right!
i never had that refreshed feeling.
i decided to return it because it was nothing special
i started to get break outs which i think could possibly be due to this lotion
did not like at all and will return it.
will try something else next time
i would use it if it was all the i had
i will be returning it get the regular one
not only are you immediately hit by a strong
returning it back to store as soon as i can.
i would not buy it again i would also not recommend it for sensitive skin
even at the cheap price i will not be purchasing again
should i be using it more than once.
prefer a mask that is just for under eye that way i can put them on
this one actually stays in place
i don't think i'll be buying this again.
don't think i'll purchase this again.
i don't plan on buying until then
i buy eye patches all the time so when i saw this one
i am looking to try it again
finally got to use this product before a date
if they were $2, i'd buy a bunch of them.
what a waste of money this turned out to be.
it just a waste of money and time
i still get them
i'll keep using it until it's gone
i continued using it in the hopes, but nothing.
will not repurchase, & am returning it tomorrow.
sadly it is a return.
just some breakouts every now
probably going to return this or not buy again.
this new version made me break out
once i run out i will not be purchasing again.
it will work for a week
i think that i will use this product for a week try another for a week
then keep doing that
i must use it at night
i might return this.
i would not buy this again.
now i must start looking around to find a replacement
i now use it once a week
i definitely won't be buying it again.
no way could i continue to put this on my face
i would still purchase again
continue use at night only
i"ll have to see in the next couple days
wouldn't buy it again.
i probably won't buy again.
same problem the next day
so i will save it for summer.
however, once again i was let down.
i will be returning this.
now i have to use them all over.
again when i was on day 10
will not purchase again.
next time i'll just go see a skin specialist.
i'll use it until it's gone ad not purchase it again
i'll give it the rest of the box before i completely write it off though
you can just pass on this one
i figured i'd give it another few days hoping it would work its magic
was assured it would not be a problem
i will use it until empty bc of how much i paid for it
i only needed one pump of it for my face
i will continue to use it though since i paid so much for it
i'll keep using it until it's gone
a half-pump could do the trick :
though i will use it up
i think it would be a good serum to start with however if you have never tried serum's before
then it wouldn't be the right product for you
will return the product on my next visit to sephora
full disclosure: i have not used this on my face yet
i probably won't purchase it again because of that
very soon after applying it
i certainly will not be repurchasing this again
i don't think i would purchase this product again
i wanted to try this against josie maran argan oil to see if it had the same results for less money
'll be sticking with that one
although it's all natural my face broke out after using it just once in a very small amount
soon after your face will be feeling the same as before you applied it
it may work for you
i also think it may have broken me out
i would try to sample this before you purchase it to make sure it agrees with you
i definitely won't be repurchasing this.
i will never use this again!
figured this would be just as effective
as soon as i applied it to my face it started to burn
i definitely will not buy this product again.
after reading the reviews was super hopeful that this would keep me matte for more than 1 hour
i will not be buying it again
i am going to return this product.
thought this product would be fine
for the price and only 1.3 oz, i won't buy again.
i won't buy it again.
i've never had any issues with any product from caudalie
decided to try this out as well
it did break me out a bit also.
which maybe was because of the fragrance they put in it
so with all that being said
my skin would start to burn when it was applied
am debating whether i should bring it back or not
i always have hope that some cream out there can at least alleviate the darkness around my eyes
may try it again
i am going to go back for another try!
at night my dark circles didn't go anywhere i am returning this as soon as possible
still trying to find that miracle product.
i know i will not be purchasing it again
would not buy again.
they got some rest?
i decided to switch ti this which turned out to be a mistake
my dark circles appear the same as they did from the night i start using it
perhaps i need to try it for 6 months
they are not as drastic as i was hoping for
thought i'd give this a try
won't buy it again
i won't be buying this again
i wish i could return it.
i won't be buying it again
would not purchase again.
it seemed promising, so i decided to try it out.
decided to give it a try
thought it would be just the godsend my skin would be needing in the winter
beyond 5 stars for me forever
wanted to switch things up
will definitely be returning it.
it causes me to breakout every time i try to use it
hoped this would help with dark spots
i will not buy again.
i will not buy this product again.
then reducing the once a day
then why does it come in a giant open container?
i will not be buying this product again.
told myself maybe i have to use it a for a few weeks in order to see results
thinking to myself if the dates they are posted are too close together
have not been able to see any changes in my skin yet
i will not buy again
i will not be purchasing this again because to me it's a waste of money
however, it did keep my acne under control.
you can always return it even if you have used half the bottle
i believe a month is a long enough time to start seeing results from any given product
i will not be buying this again
it also did not prevent future break outs as a lot if others said it did
i would give it 5 stars
maybe in another month?
not worth it took me a week to get my skin back to normal
i might stick with it for another week or 2 to see if my skin will continue to react like this
has not promised the pore clearing results i had hoped for
will be exchanging for something else tomorrow
it was a big let down for me
no product would come out
cannot see to track down now
location that i never have
i will probably hold onto this while i continue to look for something more effective
i am holding out hope
this coupled with the strong smell was enough to convince me that i should return it
i won't buy again
it is expected though
i just had to try it out
must just be something not agreeing with me
one way or another
i ended up not being able to use it on my face
try it out to see
while it may work for you it may not work for me.
i won't buy again
t will last a long time
however after trying it for a week
i wish i had the opportunity to return the product when i could because it was not worth the money whatsoever
anyhow, i returned it.
you can see results fairly quickly after you start using it
i will not be buying it again.
would not purchase again or recommend to anyone.
once on my face
i retiurned the bottle reluctantly because i really want all the benefits it promises
i didn't really see a difference after about 6 months so won't purchase again
i will report back later after another month or so when it's used up
it was a bad idea to try this during winter time
so only 3 stars until i am sure.
if i can't see results within another month i may return
it is now march
never had this happen with eye cream before!!!!
i will be returning this item
i am finding that i cannot where this product during the day because it causes my eyes to burn so much that i cannot keep them open for hours on end
i still have yet to see a difference
i couldn't smell it once it was on
wont be buying this again
will not use again.
whenever i put it on
would never buy again
almost every time it would manage to get into my eye
the effects do not last long
because of the lack of results i will not purchase it again
it seemed to make everything run
try something else next time
they say sometimes it takes 4 weeks with the skin cycle renewing itself
i'll start out by saying i wish i could get myself to return this
it did the job every now
if asked if i would buy this again
this could be my skin and winter time.
i'll review again in the spring/summer.
it's already run out
i never break out
i will not purchase again.
once in the morning
thought this line would work
this did not last long at all
because i won't buy this again
this does not cut it
i won't buy again
i will probably not repurchase.
it may be okay for summer time
if you use it in the am
i am only able to use this cream at night because it is so greasy
wish the would do a re-package
because i still have a couple of break outs i noticed that when i applied it to my face it would burn
i could get over the bottle if i liked the product
i could never use it during the day
as soon as we left the cream our skin is clean again :/ so save your money
i wouldn't buy this product again
behold there was no more coming out
00 i would think it would at least last for a month if not more
with much determination i have been able to get the lotion out
for this reason only i give it 3 stars
it's going back to sephora tomorrow!!
you will never be able to use all the product because of the way it is designed
t does not give you instructions on how to open the product for first time users which could easily break if not careful
after i run out i will not buy this product again unless it is manufactured a new way
wondering if it is too late to return these
however even after a month of regular use i did not notice any results
i never really have breakouts just once in awhile
finally i had to let it go because it got so bad
i will never purchase anything from this line again
she said that this product would work.
though i'll continue to use it since a
just cannot put it on my face.
i got it off my skin as soon as i could
would never recommend this!
it was hard to get off my face once applied
after putting it in maybe not even 2 minutes later my face felt like it was burning
i won't be purchasing it again
that could have just been the bone
i feel that for the price it should last longer than 4-6 months when using once a week
i used a couple of times in an effort to see if maybe it was just because it was a new product
decided to give this a try
i will not repurchase again
i am glad that i never spent any money on this
therefore the bottle went too quickly for almost $70
that is 100 wasted points that i will never get back :
thus far would not purchase again.
she said it would be ok
i will be taking it back to the lady who sold it to me
wish i could return it.
i guess i could use it only at night to avoid the make up running thing
it will be going back.
definitely won't be buying this ever.
never purchasing this again....
for so long i had been dying to try these products
let my skin have a break until i decided to try it again
the product never felt like it fully absorbed into my skin
most people would steer clear though once they see the steep price of it
i regret even more for not returning it
really want to love them, but end up returning.
must be because this is not made in the us.
i would never use this product again
not sure if i will be repurchasing this
i will use the rest of it
not just the ability to remove make-up
will continue to see if it clears itself up or gets worse
i could not wait to try this new cleanser
i can see how they would definitely benefit from this product
i wanted to use this for awhile
not when- is it a night cream?
t may last me forever
i'll continue using until it's gone
so i made sure to just use one pump each time.
i did not get the results i've hoped for
i'll give it another month so see if i notice any changes
have wanted to try this br
will definitely buy again
which would take months to b gone i'm guessing
i could see these results immediately after i put it on
i won't be buying again.
have not seen any change after one month
i will not buy this product again.
i don't think i'd be buying it again.
they were not there before
thought i'd give it a try
after a month of usage i did not see any changes.
i personally probably won't buy this one again
if it worked it would not have daunted be in the least
i will not buy again
not sure if i would repurchase because of price point
was willing to give it a try
i will keep trying
i figured i could use it for spot treatment
it says you can leave it on 5-20 min.
until this one, of course.
won't get it again though
i still tried it to test it
will not be purchasing again
won't be purchasing again
just make sure you pay very close attention to the first couple uses when using this mask
you would expect it to be more effective then the cleanser which this is not
figured i needed to stay on over night
i will keep it but don't plan to ever repurchase.
wanted to try something new
won't break me out
every time i use this it breaks me out
i will probably finish the container
this might work for me in the winter
also because my face had enough with winter
lets be honest every time i have put that cream on new breakouts came
never made me break out
i wanted to wash my face all over again.
i am afraid to ever apply it again
what man is going to carry this around
to use in the morning just wish it worked all day long
i think it may be breaking me out to
i wanted to use it before my morning make up
after my skin cleared i tried it again just in case it was something else
so when i decided to purchase it i thought it would save my dry skin
give it a try since i have combo skin
sadly this had to go back
i still need it
it is going back
probably wouldn't buy it again becauseof the price
will continue to try them out
they should fade quickly
not well enough for me to purchase again
which i can take or leave
i returned it as soon as i could.
i realized that i am not the only one who gets breaks out from this product
then i have to use it a couple of times for it to work again
this is not a product to use during the day if you suffer from shine
it can be a good moisturizer at night which is what i will be using it for from now on
however its not for me
in the meantime i'll keep using this at night
i would not purchase again
just recently move somewhere that actually gets cold during winter
i put it on around 9 or 10am
i still want to see how it performs in the summer
if it turns out to work there
then i will come back to this review
this bottle will not last long!
i would not purchase this again.
could not wait to try it
to be fair i did not use it long so with continued use i may have felt the benefits
i would buy this again.
actually going to be returning this
they may want to try to stay away from claims such as that
i've never had a product give me such quick results before
will use it in this way until i use it up
i don't know that i would buy it again, however.
i am continuing to use it though because i feel like it will help in the long run
we also tried it on him
on to the next one to try
when i put it on
still the same thing
i would be more willing to purchase again
i can see i'm not the only one who has had this reaction
would not re-purchase.
if i could give this product zero stars i would.
have never had a problem
i am only able to use it about once a week.
thought i would try the samples to see if it would keep it hydrated
thinking i just needed to adjust to the "miracle" at work
i will be returning asap
i would not spend my money on it
a soon as i applied it again it continued to burn
going back to caudalai for sure.
at the same time, it might actually be working!
am not returning, but would not buy again.
won't be using again.
if i had the receipt i would send it back.
i made the mistake of apply way too much the first time
if anything the morning after use
if i could leave it zero stars i would.
i would be willing to try another bottle
once i am finished the tube i will likely not repurchase -- it is quite expensive for a product that does not perform well consistently
i kept thinking i should just try longer.
will not purchase it again
i'll continue to use until i run out
for a longer time to see what will happen
will not be purchasing again.
if you use it in the morning you need atleast 30 minutes for the product to dry prior to make up
i am only using it once a day at night so that might be the reason
decided to give this a try
when it does go on
if you are adding make up on top then it doesn't work
i wish i could return this
would definitely not repurchase
it would likely be great for others, though!
i went into sephora to try out some foundations to see which one would work for me
probably only at night/makeup free days
i'll continue to use it till it's gone
hope i see some changes soon.
even after you try
i personally wouldn't purchase again
i decided to give the cream another chance just in case it was a fluke or something
will never purchase or recommend again.
i will be returning.
i would definitely advise a spot test first
try it out before making a big purchase on products that are as $$$ as this one
thought this would help
never have an acne at all.
will not be using the rest
will pass going forward.
i am going to go back to every other night
hoping to see an improvement in the next month or so
i won't be purchasing again.
it would leave a film
i will be returning to get something that will lock in more moisture
i will be returning this product asap.
no matter what i am putting on top
i can get them all off
the reason i have not returned it yet
even though i am breaking out
hoped this would help
was hoping that this one would work for my skin as well
will not purchase again.
which is a definite plus for me because i don't have time to wait for my moisturizer to absorb in the morning before i put my makeup on
at least not for me.
i got this as a 100 point perk
i would give it zero stars if it was an option.
won't buy it again
may i need to give it another try due to the price
i picked up this one because of what it claims to do
i will try lancome after this is done.
i will finish the bottle but will not repurchase.
i definitely will not be using this in the daytime
i never once saw improvements let alone life altering changes in the darkness under my eyes
lastly the employees tried to convince me that it would work better after my second bottle
that's money i'll never get back
i wouldn't get it again.
as soon as i started using a rich eye cream again
this was not an issue
i really hoped this would live up to hype
i tried to stick it out for 2 whole weeks
decided the damage i'm doing to my eye area wasnt worth waiting for the supposed magic to kick in
this is going back.
it is going back
i tried it for two weeks straight to make sure.
this product i will not buy again
i am going to have to return this
will not purchase again
so i'll keep using it till it's finish.
we will see once i finish with this bottle
will not purchase again.
won't be purchasing again.
i will not be buying this again obviously
will look normal again
will not use again.
i would wait for it to clear up
then try the cream again
i always give a product a try for 3 months
not going to purchase again.
i really had high hopes that this cream would work
other than that i will not repurchase this again
then again i am a mother of a 2
have been using it awhile now
wish i could return.
bought this hoping it would help
i wouldn't buy it again for brightening purposes.
i wasn't able to use it long enough to be able to notice a change in my dark circles
it wasn't spectacular i will not be buying it again for that reason
i won't be purchasing it again
besides that, this may be a hit or miss for some.
i got a mini of this in a set with the oil awhile back
possibly the start of milia
will not be buying again.
once in the morning
thought i would try something new
i can say that after months of use
i probably won't repurchase.
it does take awhile for it to soak in the skin for me
i won't purchase again
somehow renew the area
see if it would start woking its magic
if i was just using it as a moisturizer then it would be fine
giving it two stars because it will last forever
i kept using it though because i noticed that it did help a pimple i had starting to form
will be returning this.
too bad when i opened it all i could get out is oil
however i still love
decided to give it a try
shortly after not being greasy anymore my skin felt dry again
wanted to send this back
not only was i starting to get wrinkles
now that the winter is here
i wanted to give the product another chance
so at least josie is trying
either that or seemed like it might work for the first 10 minutes
then i could feel the dryness coming back through it
i would pass on this
if lived near a sephora this would be my first product return ever
won't buy it myself for that price
i will not repurchase until dior goes back to a screw top
they put a lot of time
goes a long way-- the sample last me forever
i won't purchase again
i will not purchase again.
i will definitely be sticking to that
i need to give full 4 weeks to see if there if difference
i would never buy this again
i would return them but too late now.
that should have been the first sign that this was a bad product for my under eye area
returning and going back to oh.
most likely will not be purchased again.
will not purchase again.
the next morning my face felt exactly the same.
think this must have been it
the next morning my skin felt no different
for this reason i put on another layer or two just in case
don't think i would buy another one after using this up
put it in there
when i go anywhere
the discomfort would last for a min or so then its ok
i would not be purchasing again
hope boscia never discontinues this
i hoped it would work on me
taking it back today and not risking it again
not going to use again
when i put it on
then one day recently i was like "i should try it again"
if i could go back
not purchase this i would in a heart beat
i tried to stick it out for a couple weeks hoping it would go away
i'll be bringing it back for something else.
will definitely be returning
i also don't think it goes away quickly
i got this hoping it would be like other boscia products
the same thing happened the next day
i might try it again next winter.
'll go back to other moisturizers before i buy this again
let me start by saying that i love boscia products
i wont buy this again.
its application was not as smooth as i'd hoped
after that never again
my face had never been so bad
was hoping this product would help with that
love nars but this product was a miss.
no go with this.
i never break out
not notacable at all when it gets on your face
now my face might just look elsewhere for an oil that best fits instead of this one
try this for sure.
it will never tighten to complete closure again
i tried to scrounge up enough of it as i could
am i the only one having this issue?
is ok but not as hydrating as i had hoped.
going to have to return this
i won't be purchasing again because of this.
however i never feel clean using them
all this does is disappear once i get in onto my face
could just be me
however, i will not buy again due to the price.
i'd even give it a bonus point for the fact that i only needed a drop to cover my entire face
i won't buy it again
i won't be purchasing it again.
i don't think i'd buy this again.
this would probably be enough moisture in the summer
i will sadly return it though
will defenitely return it to get the money back
it does not remove make-up at all
for some reason i'm starting to break out again
my face did not break out using it which was a plus
i'll use it up, but won't order again.
won't repeat this buy.
will not buy it again.
would purchase them again
i don't think i will be purchasing this product again
i would not make a second purchase.
i can't afford to use two pumps or it will run out quickly
which will probably be very, very soon.
don't know if i would buy again
i needed a moisturizer immediately so that i could move my face
unfortunately it will probable be going back
will remain in the day time
won't be using again.
it feels good on my face i will check in with you again in a few weeks
the only reason why i gave it a three is because i haven't had a chance to use it long enough
even though it turns your face orange when you first apply it
not a fan... i think this one has to go back.
that can be done
i hoped that it would soak in
my skin did look good the next morning*
where shall i start
might just use the rest of it on my h
when i tried it again
i wanted to keep using it to see if maybe i needed to give it a longer use period
when you put it on at night
i will use it but will not buy it again.
i am not likely to buy this again
i really hoped this would take care of my under eye bags
if i will buy it again
so i had high hopes for this.
but i would not use this product ever again.
would not use again or purchase.
i probably won't ever use it up
will definitely not purchase it again
the only reason i even checked the website for reviews was because i was worried my skin might peel or burn
unfortunately i haven't noticed the same effect even once
i kept using it for awhile hoping i would
will not buy again.
figured that it was just a regular moisturizer
hopefully i got it all off.
even when you think you have it on right it can sometime look darker in some places
so when i saw this product i thought sure it would be a hit
actually had to take it off
i will continue to use this for the next week
i actually had to take my contacts out mid-day because they were
i do not recommend and will never buy again.
would probably not purchase this
i can unfortunately only use this as a night cream
i will purchased again.
everything would start to move around
not help my makeup last through the day
as i was hoping that this product would help my makeup last longer
this is going back.
this may have to go back.
i'd want to try again before purchasing.
not sure i'll buy it again.
i would not purchase this again
i won't buy this again.
i won't be buying it again.
i don't go out in the snow unless i have to
since i try not to spend much time on my morning routine
i don't have an extra 5 minutes in the morning to use something that should take 30 seconds
i feel like i gave it a chance too because i have used it for 2 months now
this appear to be an ok product
i would not buy this again.
i wouldn't purchase again
i never had a problem with breakout before
my skin was clear, not now.
i think i'll keep trying it for another 2 nights.
i will use it till the end
will definitely not purchase it again
will not be purchasing again
when i would use it
bring back the old line please korres thank you!!
i never break out
i would return if i could find the receipt.
will definitely not be using this product again.
when i wear it my skin feels amazing the next day
every time i put it on my face it would burn
when i put this on
will probably use the rest
will be returning this product
i've never had a product break me out as much as this did
this is the first time i felt the need to review something
which had never happened for me
it continued until i decided to take this out of my routine
t had to go back =/
it was a no go for me :/
for your generous return policy this is going back tomorrow
will try again as i have a very oily t-zone
i may try it again in the summer time
until then i'm going to pass on it
thought i would give this a try
won't be purchasing again.
other then that it is good
i wouldn't buy this again.
i will definitely try this again
couldn't figure out that it was the moisturizer until i stopped using it
i will not be purchasing this again
i will not be buying this product again
i would advise you to stay away from this product
i will not purchase this product again
would definitely recommend trying before buying.
i probably will not buy again because the price is higher than than the br
please bring this back.
that just isn't realistic when trying to get ready in the morning
to see if i changed my mind
i probably would not purchase this again.
i never break out, however, when i use this i do.
every time i restarted i would immediately get a pimple here or there
it seemed to be working up to that point.
as soon as i put it on it felt a bit drying only to find out it had alcohol in it as one of the top 5 ingridients
it also broke me out as well which happens rarely
not my entire face
i do still get a few here
now i have to work to get it looking decent again
if it continues i will be returning it
then bought a bigger bottle after reading every single review on here thought it would transform my face where i didn't even have to wear makeup
if i just needed moisture then this worked well
continued to use it here
at $60 a tube i won't chance it again
no one would ever find out
am going back to it
i won't purchase this product again.
not sure if i could use this year round without major clogging pores
unfortunately i won't be using it again
i probably will not repurchase
i ended up returning this product as it just did not fit well for my skin or skin type
this one is a pass, at least for me.
will not be going for round three
i did try the product again after my skin cleared
i don't think i will be able to again
the smell on its own was bad enough to make me not pick it back up
likely won't buy again.
how often you should be using it in order to maintain "the glow" you would probably run out in 2/3 weeks
when you have it on for 15-20 minutes you feel it tighten your face
i really hoped this one would deliver
all i wanted was to "resurface" my skin
for that price i'd expect it to last longer
will i try it again?
but i probably won't be buying it on my own.
left it on for 30 minutes to give it a good chance to see results
i could get the same results in less time
maybe it's because i'm turning 36 next month
would not buy this product again.
because as soon as i stopped using it
it wasn't until the next day that i realized how raw my skin was
they should make this scent in a misf
truly if you use the $40 bottle twice a day
i would never buy this again
i would never recommend this
only half way through the bottle i couldn't even get the product to pump out
i never really got the same result as that first time
will not purchase this again
i doubt i'll be back for more
nothing about this tells me i need to buy it again
might work if you are under 30.
i might have to bring it back.
even 20 minutes after i put it on i can still smell it on me
le whether it be day or night that i'm using this
i definitely cannot use this before going to bed
does not like the smell of it at all when i put it on before bed
i noticed zero skin improvement except both times i have tried to make it part of my regime i have ended up with acne which i never get otherwise
i can't tell you how well this worked because i had to wipe it off as soon as i put it on
i will never use it again!
if this is any indication of the rest of the line then i won't be checking it out tata harper any further
i may as well stick with my regular routine which i am now
it's still almost as strong as it was when i applied it to my face
won't buy it again because it does not work
will use what i have, but won't buy again.
i am going to use this up though.
will not purchase this again.
i wouldn't buy again, but it isn't offensive.
i know this was the cause because everything else in my routine has been in rotation for a while now
i will probably send back.
i wanted to like this in hopes of it working.
i will not buy again
this is going back for sure.
i'll give it another try
i certainly won't buy this again
i now use hope in a jar
could immediately tell my face was greasy
i will not use again
see if my skin would just get used it
sadly, i will be returning this.
never saw any benefit to my skin even after continuing use
see how it turns out
i will stick with my tride
unfortunately, this made my face break out.
this might be my 4th bottle now
is going to be my last purchase
so maybe at the beginning it was something "special"
i will not buy it again
someone told me i need to go through at least 2 bottles to see the effect
do not recommend and will never repurchase
oh well, on to the next product!
then it just maintained after that
by the time i was ready to spread it around
i will not be purchasing again.
i don't know if i'd pay $85 for it again
now they are gone
once i finish the jar i'll be moving on to another product
on to the next product!
i found that every time i used this i would always break out
i won't be buying again.
i finally decided to buy this one
i'll continue trying it for a few days to see if i change my mind
will not be purchasing again.
i keep using it till now
would not buy it ever again.
at least not for me
won't buy it again.
i will not repurchase this product again.
my guess is this company is now being run by trump
whatever is in this
wish they would offer the original cleanser again
i won't be purchasing this oil again
'd apply in the morning
may have finally found the one product
i let it sit for a while to see if it would absorb in
'll just give it sometime until my face was almost full of blemishes
if i do finish this bottle
probably will not purchase again
this is not what you should go towards
this is a miss for me.
was not able to clean the eye make up at all.
it did not remove my make up at all.
so now i have this product
if i had no purpose for it then it would have received one star
would of liked to have a pump on it.
definitely will not be buying this again!
now that i've bought it i feel like i still need to wash my face after using it
i will never use this again!!
i also felt a slight sting after using it so am going to pass it on to a friend to try
then they changed the formula
i tried this in hopes of finally accomplishing that
i usually end up having to use another product to remove what this product failed to do
doubt i'll be regularly buying this anymore
cheeks will never use again
i can leave it on longer
i decided to try it again last night
would definitely not repurchase
have yet to give that a try
when i went to buy it again
buy the gel again
within a week of switching to something else
i will be returning
12 hours later you still feel it on your face
will not buy again
i looked at the ingredients to figure out why this may be
most likely will not purchase again.
id never buy again
when i use it alone it takes quite a while to sink in
i would only recommend to use it at night
stopped using it, and sure enough it went away.
this gave me acne very soon after around the eyes
i brought this product because i saw a review online saying this can make your eyes look brighter
i'd recommend you try before you buy
try it again later to test it again
i kept using it to hopefully see some more results
even when i continue to use the product
i initially wanted to try out the other product
i will start by saying the positives of this product
that has never happen before with any other product
may save it for winter time
it might be ok for overnight
a place i never breakout
won't be buying again.
i could only st
i would definitely consider giving it another go
i won't be buying this again
you would it be quickly absorbed, right?
both products are going back.
this will have to go back for sure
honest try for 3 months
when they replaced it with this i thought i'd try it
don't give up hope!
then this will probably work
again it's been one day
i felt it was necessary since majority of the reviews make you worried your face is going to burn off
i forced myself to keep using these hoping the burning would lessen
definitely can see results after the first pad
i do like this… when i have a breakout i use this for a couple days
not only did it burn immediately the burn would last until i washed with water
never used them again
when things kept getting worse i just assumed i was going to go through a purge period
that i would have results with enough time
however, once is done i won't repurchase.
i also couldn't deal with the smell it left.
i won't be buying this again for sure
i will not be returning this product
i will use it up
will not purchase it again
have been wanting to try a balm for a while
i wouldn't want to put that on my face every day.
i will never buy this.
so all in all i wish i had not purchased it or at least got a sample first
i would not purchase this product again.
just too time consuming for me to buy it again
this is something i would never purchase again
to add to that you have to leave it on your face for like 3 minutes
won't be buying this again
i will stay away from that one, no doubt!
i will never purchase this again
will be returning this product.
would not use again
this cleanser is not what i expected it to be.
once again this reaction has happened
not convinced there would have been a change in my skin at the end of 12 weeks as i didn't see any positive results in the first 3??????
not for me i am returning this cream.
where do i begin
'll come back at the end of the month
i bet that will come with continued use.
never was able to use the product because the pump was faulty
haven't had a chance to return
i will keep using because the directions say changes are noticed after 4 weeks
the only way to see if there is more is to bust the thing open
i hope this one is a keeper since i've try 3 different products had to return
will try returning product.
going back to return it soon
suffered for one whole week to see if it'd help
i assume its going to flake off at some point
i don't think i will buy it again.
after 2 weeks of really giving it a chance
the skin around my eyes is finally looking normal again
does not immediately sink into the skin
all you wanted was some spf then go for this
i won't buy it again
this one is going back.
she said it would get rid of them
was not able to return or exchange for something else
i would definitely not spend my money on this.
if there were any
if the cost were cut in half i'd probably buy it again
i decided to get this product
it might have been just time that got rid of it
tried it again to make sure it was this product to blame
which i would give 6 stars out of 5
i'd give it only 1 star
now i am stuck with this $100 product that has not had any impact since
i definitely would not buy this again
decided to start using it in the am too
see how it would work for me
i could not return it
an area i never have acne on
it will probably last you forever
once it was on my face i felt like i could not breathe
on the last night i hated it so much i wanted to wash it off
i would buy it as soon as i finish it
finally i cancelled the shipments because i wasn't using them as quickly as they were coming
will purchase it again
it's too soon to confirm the worth of this night cream
will not purchase this product again.
so the next day
again, i wanted to like this cleanser but .
wish i could return it as well!
i never got to see the product in action around my period because i had so many more backheads
now my face has so many break outs
unless is that time of the month
this mask every single time i would use it i would get a pimple every time
i can say without hesitation that this is definitely my least favorite of the three
i don't think i will buy again
i hoped this product would a
i decided to give this a try
unfortunately i'll probably be returning this product
was hoping this would be too
i would not spend my money on this again.
i would not buy again.
can basically just spend my entire morning
i will go back
decided to use only one drop on my entire face
:(), but i had to find something new.
this will be my first sephora return.
not seeing even one review claiming it caused break outs
i won't be getting this again
that will be the only time ii'll try it again in future
i put it on again this morning
that said it could just be me
i tend to break out every time i try it on
if they had just made it fragrance free
not only is this orange on my face
not sure if i will be purchasing again.
might continue using this until i finish
make sure to do sniff test before buying
i could get past the smell
the breakouts have not yet fully cleared
i could even apply it around my eyes
i will be switching it for my lancôme again.
i won't be using this again.
i love it, but will be returning it after 2 uses.
however i'll try it again.
hopefully help even it out
i would give it 5 stars
get ocational break outs every once in a while
just could not continue
i wouldn't purchase this again
won't buy it again.
as soon as i put it on
at this price point i want something that i can use day
by the end of the day it had started to bother my eyes this just did not work for me
not bad at all once you get used to it
while i was not expecting a complete miracle
i am going to look for another product that hopefully wil help me to reduce small lines i am beggining to see around my eyes
this was one if them
the only one it didn't come with was the next firming cream
only if i got it for 80.00 again the whole set
for the price tag i would not use it again
feels like it once it is applied
i will not be purchasing again
i won't buy it again
now just use it at night to get rid of it
i knew that the only way i'd be willing to spend the money was if it really worked
because it does take time to follow directions
so every time you use it you have to pull out the nugget before putting on your eyes
i dread using it again the next morning.
returning it to find something else.
i should surely find something in the high end market that would work wonders
i don't want to buy one every month.
i've only been using this for under 2 weeks so maybe i'm not giving it enough time
did to keep it on long enough to get the full effect
i will not but due to the smell.
never got so many compliments on my skin before or since
the one star is simply because i could not use it again sadly
i will not buy this cream again
then we are excpected to live longer
the fact that this hits the air as soon as you use
will not purchase a 3rd time.
as i'm in my 30's now
i decided to try this product
it is still there like i never remove it
try to get something to removing my makeup all at once
i won't be buying again.
thought i'd give this one a try
as soon as i stopped using this product
thought i should give it a go
was hoping this could be my new eye makeup remover
it also burns if i get it anywhere near my eyes which is not what you want from a make up remover
i know it is winter time
i won't return it because i'm willing to use it up
i won't buy it again
i would always wake up with new breakouts
i would give this zero stars if i could.
i'll keep using because i have it
unfortunately i break out every time i use it
i rarely return things unless they are faulty however i returned this
i will use this product up but wont buy again.
will try a different one next time
one day i will find my match
won't continue with it
i didnt see any difference after a week
then my eyes got use to them afterwards
i decided to try this out
did nothing...never will purchase again.
i've yet to see them lighten up
not buying it again
i actually started using another eye make up product at the same time as this so did not realize till later that it was this cream that burned my eyes
it isn't a product i would purchase again.
am not sure i'll repurchase this one
gave 2 stars because i was able to return it
this is my 3rd time tonight i have it on
this is the first product that i've found that i feel i'll finish before purchasing something else
unfortunately i had to return it
after trying this product again
i will not be buying it again.
decided to give it a try
would not purchase again.
it did not change my life instantly i won't be running out to buy the full size
after going through half of the pot over a month long period i did not see any results
firming cream so thought i would give this a try
i never even made it to put this on my face
i may try this again at some point
my skin did start to change
unless i notice amazing results on my skin in the coming days
no desire to even finish the bottle.
it'd be better if you can try it before paying for it
i am going to return this.
decided to purchase considering everyone had had a good experience with it
hopefully i will see some results soon.
that i had really high hopes for it
i am going to return
i doubt i will buy it again
definitely will not repurchase though.
did noting in the long run
wouldn't purchase again, period.
this one is the first from them that is a big miss for me
i would imagine that if this were a regular clay mask
a half now i find that it didnt help at all
i can only use this cleanser at night because if i use it in the am
so this was a pass for me.
used it again in the shower the next morning
'll have to use it
i personally won't be buying this product again
when i put this on
as the air pump will make you think that you ran out
if i could give this a zero, i would!
my skin improved until i put it on the next night
am going to pick up again in the spring/summer to see if it works better then
i would not purchase this product again.
definitely suggest that you try one of them out before buying the whole set
would never purchase again.
every time i put it on
once i run out
i won't be using it.
the salesperson said that i can use this every day which i have been doing for a week
thought i'd try something new
which i never have
every time i put it on i have to st
i wont order again.
thought i would give it a try
will not be using any products on my face again
see if there are any results when i finish this jar up
i kept thinking that eventually things would turn
i hoped that i would figure it out application wise or that my body would get used to it
therefore tried this before bed one night
had the exact same thing happen
i wish fresh would continue making the cream
however, i could not even finish the sample.
it would work given time
it also stays where you put it.
i won't buy this again until it comes in a pump
had it on for about 20 min to see if it would absorb
will be returning today.
but this is just....yek.
it definitely kicks it immediately
i know when i get down half way i am going to have to turn this upside down
i would repurchase this next winter
i never give any review about products i got from sephora
i will continue to give this product a chance
hopefully see some benefits since i had high hopes for this product
i'll be returning it tomorrow.
waited 30 minutes before deciding that enough was enough
until you try it
would not purchase again
won't purchase again unfortunately
wish i had realized that before i used it
i will never buy it again.
will not repurchase again.
yet i still feel residue coming off when i touch my face
it is going back.
then maybe this is for you
if not i wouldn't mind buying this again
i will keep using it for the rest of my life
decided to try it out
i could feel it immediately starting to burn my skin
now its goind back because it's not good
this did take off everything easily
try before you buy with this product.
thought i would yet again ask the sephora employee what she recommends for a cleanser
will not buy this one again
but i don't think i will be buying this again.
i've never had so many zits at one time in my entire life
still on fence on rather i will return it.
this product was a no-go for me
s will come out with something similar so that i can hopefully find something to help with the lines
i will pass for sure
i would buy it again since i do like to use it for special occasions
this is why i went to buy this and give it a try.
hoping that it would smooth my under eye area
figured it must work well
thought this was going to be the holy grail of pore perfecters
though this did smooth out my t-zone initially
actually told me i could probably open my own counter
i could not wait to try this!
the amount of product you get is next to nothing
which meant i had to keep going over the area a lot
in my opinion this is probably one of the very few "fails" i've found from nars
this is going back asap
i won't buy this product again because it took 3 mins
i will go back to my other department store br
which has never happened before
but this won't be a re-buy for me.
they said this would work
in areas that i never break out!
i will be returning.
they said i could only take it back to the store because of it being outside of 60 days
might be good for summer.
i will be going back to the face cream version when this bottle is gone
i knew it was something i wouldn't buy again for the price
for the price it did not last that long since i had to use so much
i will not buy this again
also makes my face turn red for awhile
i would not purchase this product again.
overall i wouldn't buy it again because of the smell
i see no results once so ever.
but this is it.
will never repurchase it again.
this one was a no go for me
from now on i would never trust this br
given all of that, i opted to return it.
sorry, but this one is going back.
don't waste your money or time returning it later
for the price you pay for the product it should be able to do it's job without the help of another product
i will be returning this product
assumed the rest of the line would be just as great
i see no difference at all from before using it
i will be returning
as a base -don't expect this to be all you will need
i'll use up the rest of this, but i won't rebuy.
it was never smooth.
ask if she could put something under my eyes
when i use it at home it wants to roll up
then it settled into under eye lines that you couldn't really tell were there otherwise
they were still there
i will not be buying this ever again.
even just having this on alone
may buy again in the future if i know it won't take me a year to get through it with the rotation of my current masks
i would give this a 5
this one is def going back!
will definitely finish the bottle
then consider the price
brings me to the next point.... $51.
made me break out which i never do
decided to put some of the gel on my wrist to see what it would do
however the next morning
i still would use it if i could st
have never had this happen with a mask before.
then my face was super itchy for the next hour or so
had really high hopes for this
will be returning it :
i will return this item tomorrow.
for someone who has never had issues with break outs
would never purchase anything from this br
i hope this helps someone out there in the same situation
this is probably a cleanser i would use once a week
for now i'm going to shelf this
thought i'd give it a try
wish i had figured this out before the 60 day return period
this should only be used once a week if your skin can withst
yet another ptr return.
don't have one at the moment
try before you buy :)
i hope that they make a cream or lotion type version soon
not sure when- soon i hope
by the end of the day i could not wait to wash it off
this was not what i expected it to be.
i tried it once
i don't like the idea of having to apply it frequently because with the texture you would need to re-apply again
decided to give this one a try
yet to find one that can keep the color staying put
i hope they make it in light
i want to use this all year round.
i probably won't buy again unless i see it looking different on my skin
unfortunately this product made me break out almost immediately
because i wanted to try a few products in the line
you might want to spot-test this in the store first
have been able to get away with using anything on it before
wanted something to help with that before i put my make up on
will never use this product again.
which i wanted for summer
when i did not use it for a day the bumps were gone
unfortunately this cream is going back
i think this eye cream would be great for people in their early 20s
i will definitely not be buying this eye cream!
i will be staying away from it in the future
once i got home
again just my experience
i would recommend to anyone to get a sample first before you go ahead
returned and won't buy again.
i used it more out of habit since i never got to returning it back to sephora
i wouldn't buy this product again
not even sure if i will continue to use it
when i touched under my eyes i could feel some of the product on top so for my skin it didn't absorb fully
i wish i had my $150 back!
i intend to keep using it until the bottle is done
am hoping that i start to see some fading
unfortunately i believe it caused break outs all over my face after only 4 days of use
this may still work for you since it looks like others have had great results
i will be returning the one i didn't use asap.
assuming i did apply it right
the price makes me reluctant to buy it again
however you do pay for it
because of the cost i would maybe purchase this again
i gave this product two stars instead of 1 only because i think had i left the strip on longer maybe there would have been some change
would never buy again
will not buy again since drugstore ones work better
this one is a miss
i will buy again just for the strips .
feel like only the second step was worth anything at all
anyway, will give this another try.
i wish someone had warned me
i will never use these again.
not sure what the second strip was supposed to do
could not move or it would fall off
decided to give these a try
after further usage i realized it just simply doesn't work the way i expected it to
i wish i could get my money back
i should have realized how this patch would work
even after i put it on.
they always fall short
i wanted to help others who are struggling on whether they should buy this creme or not
for whatever reason decided to try it
if you could buy the night cream separately i would most definitely purchase it
if they separated them i'd definitely buy the day cream
i never even got to use the product it was so
will be returning and sticking with my supermud.
could try it prior to making my decision
i don't find that the results last very long
will not be using.
i brokeout like crazy the next day
i will not be purchasing it again.
will not use this again.
i won't ever be using this again
however it needs at least 2 weeks before you can judge it
after about 2 weeks i can say i am a big fan of this mask because now my skin has cleared
i tried to just deal with it
overall, though, i wouldn't purchase again.
so do smell this product before buying
will be returning it.
could tell i would be irritated -- wasn't able to keep this on for the recommended time frame
should have returned for the price tag
a month later i decided to test it out again
i decided to give it one more chance yet another month later
i'll once again be using sephora's awesome return program
i will never use this again.
i also play the "how long can i keep my eyes stuck like this?"
i won't be buying again once i run out.
would not purchase again.
would not recommend trying to put makeup over this in the morning
i would never buy this product again.
i personally won't buy it again unless it's on sale or i find it to be a miracle worker on dark circles
wanted to try this product next
for sure i won't buy it again
i will not purchase again
sometime even hurt my eyes
this one does not make the cut
my only problem with this was that when i would put it on at night it was sticky
was willing to fight through it just to see any results
it just becomes a disaster because everything will just ball up
it is a waste of time you putting everything on
which is not right to have it on the face
thought i'd give this a try.
i figured i'd keep trying in hopes it will improve
however, this was just ok.
i would not purchase it again.
probably adding to the bags
i am over 60 and maybe its just too late !!!
this won't work for the day
i do not see any difference with my under eye bags after a month of use
i will actually be returning this tomorrow.
however i i'll not be able to tell results from it due to it being so sticky
i did it and am to try again tonight.
it was as if the gel never fully dried.
i sent it back as this is not the same nor has the same effects
not sure if i will repurchase
i will give it one more try
thought i'd give it a try
if it continues the same, i'll return it.
so don't let my review turn you off of giving it a try
will definitely be returning this.
this will be going back... a first for me.
if i had paid for it i would have definitly returned
so much so that i want to wash my face again to get it off
i apply it before going to bed.
i did like how my skin felt the next morning though
i am on the hunt to find a cleansing regime that will hopefully fix this problem
you have to keep at it or it all stops
so once again i'm on the hunt for an eye cream that will help reduce the lines under my eyes
or at least could not see them
will try a few more times but not hopeful
wanted to give it a chance
used it long enough to finish the bottle
which does not last very long for the price
maybe 2 months max using as indicated
i will definitely buy this one
the best use i have come up with is to wear when i'm going out makeup-less
won't be getting another one
i will not be purchasing this again
try it once first
it takes me so long to get it off using the oil
i am back home now
i got this as a 500 point perk
i can get past that if the product is amazing
not there yet but hoping it will just work out!
at 42 i think i need something more firming then this
i got this and just could take the smell.
had to immediately wash off could not take it.
what it had seemed like it would not last awhile
when i use this in am
i will be going back to it
it is the first eye cream i've purchased from sephora that i did not like
decided to try something new
this always seemed to irritate my eyes after it had been on for a while
the stuff should be able to st
i certainly doubt if it will help with firming the skin
i usually think of a product that has a consistency that would allow having it massaged in the face without worrying that it would run through your fingers like water
i immediately had to try this stuff after reading about it
i decided to return it
i would never use this again because the smell is horrendous
won't be trying again
as soon as i put this product on my face
however the next day it was clear i had a reaction to it
unfortunately right before getting maternity pictures done this weekend… have to cancel
will never buy it!
will be going back to the lancôme night cream i was using before
it goes on smooth, but then what?
when i am going out
i would not use this product again.
will not use again.
got this to use with it
the last thing you need is this product.
unfortunately will not purchase again
however, this one is just okay.
going to considering trying another option once my bottle runs out to see if there are any major differences in my skins texture
i would probably only the buy the smart serum next time
had the same thing happen
at least his face did not break out from it .
going back to the store today.
i will not continue using and will not buy again.
only used till finish because of the price 1 paid
my eye make up does not come off with this.
decided to give this one a try
i will never purchase it again as there are better products out there
whatever is in this
hopefully the half of tube i have left will be good next winter
i will definitely be returning this
i probably won't repurchase.
i think i will return back to store
would use those again
i would never use this again.
will not purchase again
would not put makeup on afterwards because it would slide around
i continue to use it because i have it around
since i wanted one that i could wear under makeup during the day
tried it a couple times just to make sure it was in fact this making my eyes burn/water
hoped it would do something for my dark circles
once i can get it out
i won't buy it again.
i won't be buying it again
i won't buy again.
i've never had that problem with the products i use
i would definitely use this again if the packaging was changed
once it gets in your eyes
then you're left not being able to see for some time
the reason i would not buy this again is because of the packaging
not sure i would buy again
however there is still a lot of make up left on my face so not sure i will purchase this again
will be returning it
you will not believe the amount of makeup that was still on my face
it could never be a daily cleanser for me
was hoping this would work for me
if i had continued to use it
not the one i want keep use forever
hopefully someday the packing will change
i am not buying again.
it also made me breakout.
eye makeup however, will not come off.
then you're supposed to move it around
what lowered my opinion today was it didn't completely remove the foundations
it made me break out like crazy even though i washed my face immediately after using it each time
decided to go back to this
i won't try this again.
i won't be buying it again
i decided to give it a go
next day after i watch my face
i want to see it through before deciding whether i want to repurchase
i will be returning.
i will be returning this cream.
i like this cleanser but would not purchase again
two pumps is definitely not enough to remove my make up
i can see this going very quickly at this rate .
it doesn't last longer since i don't even have a a full month it
to the point where i go wash my face again with another product
i wish i could of tested this product out before buying it
i won't buy again.
i know it was from this because it was the only new product in my routine
i'll be returning this product
i buy it for him
i think after this last bottle he will no longer purchase
i also broke out though not sure if it was the cleanser's fault
i couldn't get past the smell so i sent it back.
i really should have returned this.
will not buy again.
it was just the pump not working
hang on to your receipt if you decide to give this a try
never got to use it
i might buy it to try it
i love sephora , and this only happened once .
once in the morning
i will not ever purchase it again
if i can find the receipt for this i will definitely be returning it
i will be returning this.
if this is the case
i would consider purchasing it again
to find out if this was normal before i reorder
i will not purchase it again.
will not purchase again.
i gave it one more shot to be sure
i figured out that i would be spending over $900/year on this product alone
will not be buying this
won't buy it for myself
does a temporary lift if you need it for around three hours
i will be returning this product.
i wouldn't buy this again
i look like i'm in my mid 20's
this is going back
it runs out so quickly
it can take almost anything i throw at it
thought this could help
could still return it
so that could be the issue
probably will go on my hands...
good value - will last a long time!
then you will probably like this
i will be returning.
i decided to give it a try
i won't buy it again.
whether i want to continue putting it on my face
definitely try before you buy!
i also would not be able to let it go without rinsing
almost shut from using this product i do not recommend at all
never putting this on my face again!
once before bed just like i would any other moisturizer
keep in mind that i have never had texture on my face
i never break out
of course it won't make everyone break out
will try something else in the future
i probably won't end up buying a whole jar.
this has never happened before
when i had seen this i had instantly assumed it would be amazing
thought this would have at least helped with that
i decide if i want to invest that much in another jar
will definitely not be using again.
will not purchase any overnight mask from fresh again
the only reason i am not complaining about the price is because i got this while sephora had 20% off
so hopefully that will stop the break outs
i too had a whitehead next day
was able to try it out twice
try as i might
which i never had to do
i will probably be returning.
the 'remnants' of the breakout is still there
i've even been to my aesthetician to try
i decided to give it a try
will not buy it again
will not buy it again
unless some miracle happens mid-bottle
don't expect it to be there for the long haul
my results might be delayed because i'm unable to wear in the morning because it doesn't look right under my concealer
will not buy again.
today i tried to return the product to the store because it did nothing for my fine lines
i rarely return anything, but this went back.
i also didn't see that it was having any sort of cumulative effect over time when using every day
not sure if it will have lasting effects since i will not be purchasing again
i will never buy this line again as it seems to be all hype
i won't be buying it again.
4 months later i thought i would try it again
i will not be buying again.
it is a no go for me and was just a waste.
i will probably buy this again.
now it makes sense why you can not take the top off
once again...no miracle in a bottle!
am going to try it again to see if i can get it to work
i wish i could get mine back
sadly i had to choose at least one star in order to post this review
because some fools-- me being one in this case-- end up shelling out even more
this is nowhere near b*tox and never will be.
i've always been able to get rid of them with some spot treatments fast
i wish i could go back in time
i won't be purchasing it again
i've never once had acne
i am not going to purchase this again because i don't want to encounter the same problem
although it has not cleared my skin any.
decided to give it a try
going to be returning this.
i wouldn't buy it again
decided to try it without reading up on it
this is going back.
as i did pay close to $50 for it
was sure this must be the culprit
skin is better now i did return back
also not the best if you have a full face of makeup
not sure i'll purchase this again.
that i wouldn't buy it again
push it down to get any product
i couldn't even pull the entire thing off to get at the product without using the pump
will not break out my skin
thought i'd try it out
but but but the patchuli is putting me off.
better luck next time.
will finish this and wont' purchase again.
so you have to force it down
when i did use it, it would just sit on my face.
i would be spending a few good minutes trying to get it off
this did not take off my make up.
will not use again.
this is too expensive to perform the way it does for me to ever buy it again
i won't purchase again.
decided to give it another go recently
this also makes me break out if i use it too many days in a row
i wont be using this product ever again.
thought i'd keep it from going to waste by using it on my neck
you might not be able to reap the benefits on this one
i probably wouldn't buy it again.
although i regret buying this jar at beginning of the spring
not touching this brand again
i wish i still had the box
breaks me out once in a while
will not purchase this again.
i probably won't buy this again.
i finally figured out that the reason my skin was struggling so much was because of this
it's usually reasonable with the pricing so when sephora didn't have the price tag i decided to get it not knowing it was going to be $50 so then when i leave i have to open it to see what the $50 was worth
but, all in all, on to the next.
have waited to give a review because i really wanted this to work for me
i'll be skipping this one the next time i need an eye cream
probably won't buy it again
hoping it would improve
it's the first time that i've wished i could return a perk
i am returning this for sure.
then try a different one
that was not the case with this.
i tried it once
i won't be repurchasing again
it won't waste product if you return it
it will allow you to try out the product for a few weeks to see how it works for you
if anything my skin has been breaking out
im going to keep using it for 2 more days
if it keeps breaking me out i will return this
i def won't be buying this one again
i may try it as a moisturizer alone tomorrow night
there is no way i could see wearing this under makeup it seems it would just slide right off
gave it 3 stars since i haven't made up my mind as to whether or not to keep it
i did get some spots while using this
i don't know if i continue use for a month would it be better
as soon as i quit using the product it stopped
decided to give it the benefit of the doubt
i would not buy this again
will likely reluctantly purchase another one
i tried so hard to like this product that i literally bought it twice
i just though maybe just maybe this product would work the second time around
i did not see any change in my skin when i woke up the next day
i stopped to see if this is making me breakout
i went over directions to be sure i was using correctly
i returned this item and will never repurchase.
i will never buy this again
i did use it for about a week to see if maybe my skin just needed to adjust
as i think the bar would last a very long time
would probably be a good bar to use with a foreo or a clarisonic
i'll use it up, but won't be buying again.
the smell will last for quite a while
can get into your eyes even if they are closed
i will not purchase again
will try it for another week to give it some time before i decide to return it or not
thought i'd use it on my face
and i may give it another shot in the future.
if i use it again
i attempted to try it again the next day to confirm
at $100 i had hoped for something!
i'll be returning this product
hopefully that one will give me better results!
not sure i would buy again.
it felt like it never fully absorbed into my skin
i usually always follow up with bioderma
that i could easily see make up still on me after cleansing
i would try going through the cleansing process a second time because i had no other cleanser
to be fair it cleaned more the second time
i think it would be fine for someone with normal skin
i would keep using the milk cleanser if they still had it
can't take it back :
it has never been able to take all of the makeup off
then again so does all cleansing oils
i might even return it
just added another step to my already too long daily routine
probably wouldn't buy again.
i do plan to use it until it runs out
i wish i could find my receipt to return this
i will most likely not buy this for a second time
i think that i have tried almost every product out there to try
i would still have to return it because of how strong the fragrance is
thought i'd give this a try
this product let me down :
hard after using this that i realized no good could come from that
this would be a good go-to
will not use again.
will stick with my tried
i will be returning it.
i gave it 1 star just so i could leave a review.
so, i tried it again the next night.
i like to alternate between products so this one goes into rotation once a week or less
if you want to try something from the original skin line
it took me awhile to figure out that this was the cause
at least not for me
i am not prone to break outs so after the first use when my skin became irritated i thought that maybe this was not the product for me
let it work some magic
as soon as i stopped
i used it up, but wouldn't buy it again.
i most likely will use the rest
i wanted to put this on
took forever to get off
am hoping eventually they will go away
definitely will not repurchase.
thank god i did because i would have returned it immediately for the price
for that price i want to see results after the first time i use it
will not buy it again
i started using this mask exactly one month before my wedding hoping that it would give me that wedding day glow
i'd have to use my clarisonic to get all of the product off
i need to leave it on for a long time for it to work
i wish i had read the reviews first then i would have known not to expect it to dry
could try this one
i think i will return it because $80 is a lot for a product that i can’t see results
which i guess can be expected since its "mud
this one is probably my least favourite of the bunch
i don't think i'll be buying this product again
it will definitely go away
i don't think i'll be purchasing it again.
may as well have just washed my face again
i wouldn't buy it again.
will not go away
all through my work day i could smell it!!
i will not purchase again
i could have gotten over it if the smell went away after applying because the effects of it are amazing
oh i have to moisture my face for at least 2 days straight to get it back from the beginning
*note that i did stop for awhile
for something that's over $100 should work by now
if nothing then i'm returning it
i probably won't be purchasing it
i'll be returning this item.
i might buy it again
i figured it will probably take sometime before seeing anything change
now i come to learn
to find out i can't get that again
want to see if i just need to give it more time
i am not sure if i would buy this again
never again will i use this unless i want my face to fall off
eventually over did it
this made me breakout like nothing i've ever seen before
wanted to give it a fair chance
break out i regret buying this
on to the next cream
i plan on returning it tomorrow.
it could work for you
i don't like that this is for under the eyes only either because it means i now need another eye cream for my upper eye area
if i buy it again
for $100 i should be able to wear this solo
would not buy again
i must say i will never trust their word on a product again
seriously the next day
will not purchase it again
i wouldn't have purchased it again
i will use it all up though
it may be for some
as soon as i read the ingredients in this one
will not use again.
so far all of them have failed to get ride of the darkness under my eyes
they have always been dark even when i was a child
is going to return the eye cream because it has not change the darkness nor the fine lines
must return it on the weekend
no results yet- though i still hope
then after it has absorbed i feel like i still need to add a mositurizer
won't purchase it again
had big hopes for this
they are still there
i would buy it again
i decided to give this a try despite the price tag
as soon as i applied it
i’d buy this again if it cost some where around $30
i am yet to figure out how to get the little silver balls to disintegrate upon application
they are still there
i still have them
as i said in the title i liked this enough to buy it twice
returned 2 of these because i cannot get the product out of the can
am i the only one?
definitely not buying this again.
either way, this was a miss for me.
i will be returning.
may still keep as once a week treatment-not sure.
won't be buying this...
i ended up returning it because if i am going to pay this much results are a must
wanted to give it a try
i also now know that its not just my skin that this happened to after looking at the reviews
just make sure you keep your receipt if you are going to try this product
i need to stop using this immediately because my skin has never been so dry
this has never happened to me before
for some that might be a problem
however as soon as i put it on my face i wanted it off
i've never had that problem before in my life.
i am still trying to get my skin back to normal after using it a week ago
i think i may just return it to the store since i won't be getting any further use out of it
i probably won't get it again since i have another favorite
i wouldn't spring for this one
was hoping this cleanser would do the trick
i've never received a reaction like this in my entire life
i will never ever in my life use this product again
given my bad reaction to it i'll just have to skip out on buying this in the future
even then it sits there a while
so as long as i don't touch my eye area/anywhere i put this cream
until i use it up
bought this hoping to see some difference
wanted to switch it up
decided i wanted to try a new day eye cream
at least it seems to fade.
i won't buy this again.
unfortunately, i will be returning it.
the same thing happens in the morning when i use this cream at night
have never had a problem like this
time to let this product go.
decided to try this one out
otherwise, i won't purchase again.
so won't purchase again
i will never try other nude product
i need moisture that is going to stay the course at least until my next cleansing
it was a no go for me
even could smell it in the morning still
could not wait to wash my face
just got this last week thought it would be great
'm hoping for at least store credit since sephora has a great return policy
decided to give it another go
maybe if i apply my normal foundation over it it would work who knows
ultimately returned them both
i tried it again the next day, the same results.
she assured me that this would take on the color of my skin
but did a number on my face.
i wish i would have seen this before i ordered.
sadly it is back after using this
i'd never tried any algenist product before
at least it eventually dries though
now i will only use it for the back of my h
where is this coming from?
i wish i could have my points back
i chose not to return it
i won't be buying it again
if it takes the bottle to see results
after using it for some time it did cause me to breakout
then this is your go to product
for the rest of us
so i had to return it.
i decided to try it
my skin always seemed to have issues for a couple days after using it
did see a brighting effect right after using it
t still gives me hope to finish off what is left in my bottle
i assumed there would be .
i did not see any improvement or changes in my skin after 3 weeks of use
i can not get back to a store to return it
for me, this was a no go.
i am going back to that line
hopefully i am able to return this gel since i can't use it
i wouldn't be able to get over the texture
was hoping it would work
at least i could return it.
once i put it on my face
i will keep using it until the box is done
not interested in going into the store to fight through the craziness
it will remain a once-in-a-while scrub for me
which is why i give it three stars
so i had to try this!
i will be returning this
i did not re-purchase.
it took time for it to show the result after i decided to not continue using it
i decided to discontinue it because it got too expensive for me
what i thought would go for at least 6-8 months
placement where i've never even had them before
9/10- would not try again.
therefore i would recommend wearing this at night unless you want to smell like that during the day
i don't think i'll pay $115 for this maybe i'll notice once i stopped using it
after a year i had been on again off again with this serum
the price is too much for me to buy again
i'd probably buy it again
why not try this line again
used it for quite sometime
i couldn't wait to wash it off at the end of the day
while the person at sephora who was helping me was sure it will
will be returning it
didn't make my make up last longer
for the price, i doubt i'd buy it again.
i will try something else on next time.
as of now i will not continue using this
please bring back the old formula's.
i will sadly have to hunt for another one
please bring back the old formula!
please bring back the old one :(
i would not be able to leave the house without applying a matt foundation on top
will not buy again.
because there isn't a store near me where i can return this
i wanted to return to hope in a jar
so i decided to give it a try.
then i would love to try it
thought it would have the same formula because i love hope in a jar
would not buy again or recommend.
let me start by saying i love this brand.
been using this eye cream for awhile now
i won't be purchasing this again
total rip off ,will never buy again.
but this is not a winner.
this product is going back to sephora as it does not work for my skin type
made it more hydrating i would try it again
i never had any break-out for almost a year
will never purchase again
buy something from the drugstore tomorrow
after using it a few times i can safely say this isn't worth the price tag
then i try them
probably won't repurchase it
even though only three drops a night will cover my needs it isn't working for me
will keep using it for that
i won't be purchasing this again.
i tried it for so long
i probably will not repurchase
she made it seem like i would be reborn once i had this on my vanity
i will be returning this asap
it's going back to the store.
it does last awhile
day thinking i'd see some type of result after a month
bought it once and that is enough
it will be my last unfortunately
could not wait to get my h
will not be buying again.
the only reason this even got a second star is because i'm telling myself it probably repaired sone sun damage
i will keep using in the hope that i just haven't been using long enough
not only that, but now i've started to breakout.
as soon as you try to put foundation on it will roll up on your face
then as soon as i try to apply any foundations
me unable to get the spf i need
i would have given it zero starts
the only downside is it shouldn't be used on a daily basis or for myself i couldn't bc it began to break me out
i would not purchase again
i would give it another try
when i went to take it off at the end of the day this stuff did not budge
it turns out the same every time
i would never repurchase
i didnt like this at all when i put it on
the reason why i decided to try another one of their products
even before i get to be a greaseball
probably won't repurchase unless i miraculously start seeing results
i would buy it again in a heartbeat if it did
this goes straight back to sephora once i get the chance
my receipt because this would be going back
my face looks the same at the end of the day if i apply it
right from the start this gel has never worked as a mattifyer for me
i will never use this again
am always on the hunt for something that will help control it so my foundation stays
thought it would work.
i may actually take it back
get a refund as i am tired of buying products only for them to not work
it will be my last
i will be returning this.
i spent a lot for this going to try to see if i can take it back
sadly when i tried to return it
will definitely not repurchase.
hoped this would help with that
once it's gone i do not plan on repurchasing unless i notice a turn for the worse in my under eye area
so, i will be returning this unfortunately :(
had to wipe it off anyway
i would say to only use this every other day or once a week not nightly
i wouldn't purchase again
i love it, but only as a night cream.
i would not recommend putting this on before going out either because it takes a while to sink in
stopped getting new ones when i quit using it
i never break out
will never try again
the problem is that it is not build-able under my sun screen
was hoping this would give me the hydration i needed
so this will not be making it in my regular regimen
will not be purchasing again
i will definitely be returning it
would have to make the effort to keep it out of my eyes
will probably stick with that
as with anything get a sample first to see if it will work for you
after trying it out, it was just so so?
i probably won't purchase this again if i can find something better
i think if you have already have balanced
which never ever happens
i've decided to keep it because for the price
i will not purchase this product again
will be returning the whole line.
it would break me out
i will not be purchasing again
will not purchase again.
i decided to give a try
if i buy it again it will be only for use it at night
i am so glad i tried this out via a sample instead of actually buying the product
i wont use this product ever again.
figured it would be perfect because i was just about out of my regular moisturizer
i'll use it, but then i'll go back to the other.
i didn't realize till i was home that it was a gel
if i had realized this i probably wouldn't have purchased it
now i have to hope that my eyes bounce back soon.
i won't buy it again
will continue to use it until it's gone
i ended up returning this product because it really did not work with my makeup
was hoping this would firm them up a bit
will be trying to find what works for me
won't purchase it again
i'll probably end up returning it
always had same result
i wanted to try out a product to get rid of it
waste of money, and will be returning!!
i've never run into this issue.
i will not be purchasing this product again
will not be purchasing it again.
would i buy this again
i wouldn't buy it again
once removed or by morning once the product has worn off my eye area appears normal again
if using for night cream, i would not purchase.
could take it or leave it
i will not be buying a new tube when i run out.
i decided to just stop using this product all together
sorry will not be purchasing it.
wanted to try something new
being able to control the amount you get of each
enough that i won't use it again
it would be better if they incorporated the two together already
i only breakout when it's that time of the month
i will be returning this one
thankfully for sephora's amazing return policy i was able to return without packaging
i did this for several nights just to make sure
ultimately found that it left makeup
have yet to see a difference in my skin
would have sent it back if i had realized in time to return it
i would never buy this again
i never have any problems with makeup coming off during the day until i used this
will not buy again.
will keep using this till its gone
can only wear it when i know i'm not leaving the house
i believe it had to be the moisturizer because i haven't had this many zits at one time in years
it will probably take me a couple weeks to get my skin back to normal
this might be for you
you have to rub it in for a long time
only use it if i am going to be outside for a long time
for some reason i decided to hold onto it
personally i don't think its necessary to wear an spf 40 product everyday unless you're going to be in the sun for an extended period of time like at the beach
if you're a woc, i'd definitely look elsewhere.
will give it that
was hoping that this will work for me
i knew i had to give it a try
will be returning it this week.
this might be fine
this one is a miss for me
was hoping it wouldn't break me out
definately not purchasing again
will never purchase again.
but it ends there.
i decided to try it out
the smell got to me soon as i started to put it on my face
i left it on for only 5 minutes just to see if it at least did anything for my skin
i even tried it with a drop of inglot duraline.
sadly, this one is going back.
they don't run in
wanted to try it out
when i put it on
then start to work it on my face it immediately turns into a foam i let it sit there for a couple of minutes
i don't think i will purchase again
they should consider making a two-in-one like the wipes you can get
decided to give this a try
i liked this cleanser and will buy it again.
it's going back to the store for sure.
'm going to hold on to this product
i am still using it at night
then i use it on my face
still trying this out
you should probably avoid this
i wanted to try something that could possibly replace the glamglow supermud
have they tried it themselves?
not sure if i will again
not gonna to buy it again.
unfortunately i did not receive the expected results
now i only use it on my nose
i don't think i'd buy this again though
will not be buying this again.
i finally decided to return it
i wish i could get my money back on this product.
it is too late to return it so now i'm stuck with it
didnt realize it until i made it home
was willing to just give it a try
seemed to help with some blemishes that were coming to the surface to attack them before they fully came out
will try it again
will be returning it if i ever get around to it
i would most likely not purchase this product again
probably a bad purchase on my end.
not sure if i would purchase again after i run out
t will last you a while
will not purchase again
will not be purchasing again
tried it again today thinking maybe it was just coincidence
was hoping this would hydrate it
i wanted to make sure i used plenty of it before leaving a review
it left me unsure of whether i was getting all the makeup off
you must follow up with
i won't be trying this again.
one of my only returns to sephora.
i still have 3/4 left, and am going to dump it.
i try to use this about once a week
i could smell it all day long on my face
until i started itching to try a new product
i never did now the cream
in fact i'm actually looking to buy something for the day time because of it
i felt like i had to wait for hours to even put on make up
i honestly was hoping that it would eventually work some magic
i will not be buying this again.
i will go back to my other products when this runs out
made me have a bit of a break out in that area
i always go back over with another cleanser
my next usages were just to my nose so then it was ok
i'll try again in the summer when my skin tends to be oilier
would never buy again!
all in all though
so i would test it first.
i find that was more the essence then the moisturizer
maybe i'll try it again in the summer?
can't get next to anything for the rest of the day
tried again with the same results
i will never use this product again.
probably won't continue to use due to the smell
wouldn't purchase this again
no one believes i'll be 40 next year
had really high hopes
breakout like normal every now
however, it breaks me out every time i use it.
i don't see the point in using a product that breaks you out every time after when you had no acne there to begin with lol
i will be returning this item
'll hold onto those
so i decided to try this mask.
used it the once then had a terrible break out
i decided to give it a try again hoping that the mask wasn't the cause of my break out
i would give it 4 stars
i will continue to use until i feel i can cut down to once or twice a week
thought i would give this one a try
not buying this again.
photos to see if i was just not fully noticing
for now i am returning this product
might give this a go later on
it would have been just the same
now nothing is coming out
i will definitely be ordering this again for the summer
this product did not last long
as soon as i put it on
i returned it and had no issues doing so.
i may or may not buy this product again due to the smell
i won't be purchasing again.
was hoping this would be clay
cause you would think that whatever i put on top of that
if i put it in the morning
i wouldn't buy that product again.
i just use it at night now in addition to another eye cream
will not buy this product ever again.
this product did nothing for me after 2 weeks i'm definitely returning
i've also tried using it at night to see if i get any results for my dark circles
this will be a returned product for me.
i most likely won't purchase again
probably won't repurchase this again.
i probably won't buy it again because got the price tags i expected it to preform better
was wondering if i should return this one.
unfortunately this will be returned.
i wouldn't purchase this again.
they were on their way out
thought to give it a try
i decided to give it one more try
disappointing and won't buy again.
that will not last
i will consider buying this again if i can't find a better solution
i don't need this year round
decided to give this a try
i start to look shiny again only after 2 hours or so
once i did get to pump
decided to give this one a try
won't buy this again.
that may be why some said this made their eyes sting
feels like i'm wasting it every time i use it
next time i will buy something else entirely.
unfortunately it continued to break me out after weeks of using it
so i will never try it again.
i could only wear it at night because i could not wear it under my makeup
certainly not enough to try again not even if it was free
decided to give the eye concentrate a try too
a half i've been using this just not seems to work
will not repurchasing again.
while i wanted to love this i am just not willing to rub alcohol all over my tender under eye area
i am glad sephora lets you return.
hopefully this can help some people out if you are debating on trying this product out
i'll still use it once a week for a pick me up.
there might be one application left
i held out as long as i could because i saw the great reviews
i doubt i will buy again for that reason.
the only way you could make this work is if you can remain expressionless
i do wish it was half the price though.
you are suppose to use two drops twice a day.
i knew it was because of this because once i stopped using this my skin got better
definitely will not purchase again.
it would be a shame if i never put it to use
hopefully third times a charm.
i will keep on trying one or two more treatments before i give up
wouldn't even turn on or take a charge
hopefully the 2nd laser will last longer than the first
i am not getting the same results
no light comes on at all now when i plug it in.
t's going to be inconvenient to make the return
i am going to ask for a replacement
i just hope it lasts.
now they have become super drying for me
this one is very good: i can use it either at night or in the morning
you should be okay
not the next morning
this is going back.
10 minutes later it would feel like i never put anything on at all
you can leave it on over night
knowing i had 0 idea of this product before buying it
unfortunately it made me break out
for that price i feel like it should be able to st
if i use it at night
i will go back to my drug store br
even though it said "immediate results" i decided to wait a week before i judged it
so unless this does something great for my skin in the next couple days
i though it might go away after my skin got used to it
it would be okay if it were a $20 product
definitely won't be replacing once i've run out
ultimately it failed to really win me over on a few points: 1
ultimately i did manage to use it up
since i try not to touch my face throughout the day regardless
i've never had any product do this to my face
i think it also caused me to break out.
dried too soon while i was working it in
i will be returning this
decided to give it a try
i will not be buying it again
i immediately bought it instead of asking for a sample big mistake
i will comment back a week from today to see if it dose anything
really had high hopes for this oil
it's not like i'll be buying again
i will be returning it unfortunately.
i will purchase this again.
wanted to give this product a try
i won't be buying this again
it has to go back.
as soon as i found out boscia was coming out with sake inspired products
i will use the rest of it
i will most likely try something else when i have finished with this
roll up on the skin if you apply too much by accident
will not re-purchase just based off the smell alone
every time i go into sephora
i definitely won't purchase again
i think i may try this again as a regular eye cream for hydration
however i decided to use it again
then it should be okay
i won't be using again.
i probably won't purchase again because it isn't outst
probably won't buy again.
i wont buy it again.
i wouldn't purchase it again
it did not meet my expectations at all
over all i would not buy again
end up using alot without feeling any change
thought it was a great day eye cream yet when i run out of the serum
i am hoping i start to see results soon.
i will continue to use it as i have yet to find an eyecream to reduce my shadows
t had to go back
i decided to try it
i will not be buying this again.
will try it again in the shower sometime.
i used this hoping to find my skin flawless the next day
decided on this one since it's new
i won't be using that one again
no no for me after tried it once
if i have a breakout i will use it
i will probably try another cleanser when i run out
'm definitely glad i didn't purchase the full size bottle because it would be returned
just seems to disappear into the skin as if i had not applied anything at all
just thought i'd give this a try
this one was a miss however.
once again such pretty packaging from tatcha.
would not purchase again.
it was lovely before deciding to buy it
yet i still fight getting the product out
i will be taking it back.
finally the dropper wouldn't work at all.
it should definitely be in a bottle that you can get it out of easily
i never could get the product to come out unless i opened the bottle
if you can get it to ever work
when you push down it does not come out.
will not buy again until the bottle
00 you get magic in a bottle that won't come out
you can keep returning it
the one star is simply for not being able to get the product out of the bottle
pound it until i can get the formula to come out
i will not buy it again unless they design a better dispenser
i can only use this as a moisturizer if i plan to stay at home
hated to see it go to waste so now i just use it on my h
if i can return the product i think i will.
the main reason why i didn't enjoy this lotion is because it broke me out within only two days
i won't purchase it again
i returned it after using it for a month because its way too much for just another eye cream
still needed my st
i won't be purchasing again
i wouldn't buy it again.
i can't bring myself to buy it again because of that
by the end of the day my face is as red as can be
would not repurchase again.
out in any way
in the long run
that said i'm not red all over.
i don't think i'll buy this again.
just not with the first 2 steps
i'll keep using it til the very end of course
it won't secure again
just not for me- i returned it.
this makes me break out a lot after only one time use
i probably won't buy this one again
i will not buy another
was hoping that this product would be a good st
will keep it for a full week to see if it does hydrate more
overall would not buy again!
i wouldn't purchase this again
when you first put it on it feels ok
this one is gonna have to go back
every time i try to use it
will never purchase this moisturizer again
i guess would be okay if you were using it as a night cream before bed
it wouldn't be ideal to be applied in the morning before putting on makeup
this is within reach then i will still use it
i got this as a 100 point perk
i wish i could have my points back
i will not be buying this.
forget about trying to put makeup over it because again
unfortunately i will be returning this
i got this as a 100-point perk
have yet to find a day moisturizer that works for me
i might be able to use it as a night moisturizer
this is one from a long line of samples that i will soon purchase
i got this as a point perk
will never use it as a makeup base again
definitely won't be buying.
will be going back to my biotherm aquasource gel moisturiser
i am going to return it
just right after using this
the smell is stopping me from reapplying the thing on my face anytime soon
won't purchase it again
i feel like i could get the same results for half the price
this did absolutely nothing for my skin other than cause my t-zone to way overproduce oil within the next 30 min to an hour
never dries even after make up application
even thinking of buying two before even trying it
did not see long term dark spot improvement
i wouldn't spend money on it again
then decide is there has been improvement
then i didn't use for the weekend
it might be a game changer come winter
was hoping things would change
hoping it works for me
will definitely not repurchase
won't be buying again.
couldn't wait for it to arrive
see how it would leave my skin
i don't think i'll be buying this product again
then some only do for a couple days then i'm good
this is nothing like i've had before.
though i do use it only at night
now i wish i hadn't been so stubborn headed
hopefully it would arrive blue
not what i expected in a $75 bottle of face oil!
not sure why my first review of this product never posted
for this reason i had to return it
thought i'd give this a try
this is the only one i couldn't continue using
if trying out this br
i would not buy this again.
will not purchase again
you have to be careful not to make a mess when you open it
i actually questioned whether it was the cause of new blemishes the next day
i couldn't return anything due to it being ordered from their website
i won't buy this again at full price.
this stuff will last you forever
i didn't even put it on for the full recommended time
my skin has never been so bad before
was hoping that this would help with the texture
i will be using it up because i paid $48 for it
hard to get it out when it is coming to an end
wouldn't convince me to purchase this item again
wish it would come in a tube
i probably won't repurchase
i will not be buying
won't buy it again.
will not be buying it again
had never had this problem before
would i buy it again?
i would not buy this again.
won't be purchasing again!!
i would definitely return it if i were in the states
perhaps it should have been 2
i am going to return.
figured i would give it a try since the price was nice
"how long can the smell possibly last?"
since i knew what to expect from this cream
i will be returning this products asap
am hoping my skin will recover
i just wanted something new to add to my am routine
i'll be returning it asap :/
i will be returning this product asap!
so sadly this will be returned.
it took me 4 months to get my skin clear again
i tried it again
hoping i might be able to cut back to using it once every few days
decided this is just a big waste of money
won't be purchasing again.
will be returning it
was hoping it would help
never had this happen before.
she will start tweaking things now to make them perfection if she doesn't sell out to estee
i never break out
so maybe it could be used for that purpose?
still won't go to waste.
now can't take back as sephora has changed their returns policy
will not be buying again.
have not finish even one bottle
won't buy again but did use it all
but that one is not working at all!!!!!!
if i could give it -10 stars i would.
my face never felt like it was clean after using this-
will never buy this brand again!
i will not be purchasing this again due to the scent
i don't think i'll be buying this product again
i won't be repurchasing when i run out
when i got this i was hoping that it would wash off all my makeup
definitely will be buying another cleansing soon
i would still go over with my soap
it was fun but i won't be purchasing again...
this wasnt what i expected.
would i buy again?
once this is done i won't be repurchasing.
this made me break out something that has not happened for 20 years
will not buy it again.
it does not take off all of your make up if you were to use it as a dual make up remover step
if you were to take off your make up before using this
it should really be used as a second step.
i figured i would get through it
i doubt the bottle will last very long as i have been using a golf ball-sized amount each time
then by all means
t will last me a long time
i won't re buy
the feeling on my face is the only reason i haven't returned this
who wants to have to use a mask every night vs once or twice a week?
i am going to return this product!
i hoped it would work
if not, i'll probably give up.
now i can see why i need to
i won't try this one again
like i said before
if this was $20 i might buy the full size to see if there's results after a longer period of time
i would skip this one.
will not buy again.
will not be purchasing again.
tried to return, but they said it was full.
i will be returning.
as i think that the bottle doesn't seem to be completely full even upon arrival
i will keep using it until i finish it
i won't be purchasing this again.
i will probably end up returning it
which it says it will help all of those things
that i was hoping to lighten also
i wanted a product that would fade them.
going to continue to use until it's gone
i'd have to say that this is a product i wouldn't get again
my only hope was to reach for this
the said they would take the product back
the very few times i had a issue with a product i was refunded for the product without having to send it back or pay for shipping an opened bottle back
i would not repurchase this again.
if i could give it a zero i would.
if i could give this product zero stars, i would!
i definitely would not buy this again.
started using this again
see if it makes any difference later
i'll continue to use it for a month just in case
i wanted to return it
i continued to use it in hopes that it would work over time
i put in a lot of hope that this product would work
however i started getting blackheads as soon as i started using it
next time i think i'll opt for another product
tried it again a few weeks later just to make sure that was the reason i was pressing out
the mark is still there
i would not purchase this again.
i am going to try returning it.
do i think they will be gone?
i will never buy from this company again
i'll come back to them when they do.
my face hasn't been clear the entire time i've been using this product
i am one of them
if you are on the verge of trying it
just stop yourself now before you spend that kind if money
i tried it the next day
i could find something for $10 instead of $40 probably
i wont be buying this again
i will not buy it again.
probably should have returned it
i tried it for almost a week to give it a good review
won't recommend or buy again.
i didn't think it was the cleanser at first until i used it again
once in the morning
maybe i will try the time release acne cleanser eventually
i will never use this again
hoping my origins night balm will correct this soon
don't think i'll ever try it again
so since i have combo skin i wanted to try this out
i've never had this happen before.
won't be buying again because it will all spill out if you don't close the cap
dry that i could never use this again
id have to say it goes a long way i've had my bottle for 4 months
if anything it made certain areas of my skin break out even though they were previously clear
will not be purchasing again.
at least someone is getting some use out of it
it has not prevented any acne from starting back up though which i would have hoped it would
pros:left my face feeling cleancons:after using it for 2 months it did not help my acne at all
which overtime can make you break out even more.
decided to give it a try
my skin is still trying to recover from it
'll be returning this product
i am likely to try something different once it's all gone
this cause me to have horrible break out that i have never experienced before
i will be returning this to the store.
i will try it again in the pm
i really had high hopes for this
i so wish i could go back in time
that said, it did take off all the makeup for me.
had the opportunity to try through a sephora favorites item over the holidays-bought specifically to be able to try this
haven't decided if i will buy it again
the scent is okay-could take it or leave it.
if i were to use this as a daily cleanser i would probably have to repurchase at the very least once a month
for $50 i expect it to
i would buy this product again
i will start by saying this product did not break me out
i could let this sit on my face for a while
now, like i said.
i might consider buying this in the winter months as a gift to myself or something of that sort
i will never give it up
i won't use this again.
i will be returning this product.
i would definitely try before you buy
i won't be repurchasing again.
i didn't have any breakouts the next day either
as soon as i started putting this moisturizer on
you could see the results immediately.
initially i was excited bc i do love one of their serums however when i used it this morning prior to makeup application it was apparent that it was just too much for my oily skin
i will never buy this product again even if it was 100 or 200 dollars there were no good results out of this
i stopped using it for awhile
"i might give this a try
chose to buy this one since everyone seemed to be raving about it
will be returning soon.
i might have kept it
maybe if they fix the packaging i might try it again to see if the gold formula is really better than the original primer
i will save my money next time
they still need to work on this one for it to be so$$$
huge disappointment, will be returning it asap.
