don't waste your money.
it's not at all what i expected when i ordered it online
does what it is supposed to do
didn't work at all
i didn't return it after a week because i thought that i should let at least try it more
so after spending my money on a product that didn't change my skin or didn't help me i don't think i'll buy another product of them
that it didn't break me out or leave me greasy
i didn't notice really anything special about it as far as usage
i don't like it
if you still insist on getting this
it's enough to tell if this product will be compatible with your skin type
i do not like the feeling.
i swear this one did
didn't have anything to do the next day
i did not notice anything special about it
don't mind the sticky feeling this might be for you
otherwise i would pass
a little does go a long way
yes they said it would not appear blue when you put it on
the perfume was so strong i couldn't wait to get it off of me
did not absorb for me
i don't really like it
can definitely see what people say when they complain about the tackiness
i can't believe how expensive this stuff is
did make my skin nice
if i wasn't careful
that didn't seem to do the trick
i don't think i could justify the high price of this just to use it once in a while when my skin gets irritated
does not sink in
leave theskin soft like you would hope
to my disappointment this cream does really do anything on my skin
a little does not go a long way with this either.
it did absolutely nothing
it didn't work on my skin
it honestly didn't do anything
i don't write reviews until i finish the product
this one didn't irritate at all
this did nothing for me
you need to use a lot or it doesn't peel off
i don't like how it feels like i'm putting perfume on my face :/
i could not see any difference brought to my eyes anymore
i did not see my under eyes fine lines go away
hoping that i would be able to tell the difference
unfortunately this did not work for me at all
this didn't moisturizer or seem to have any effect when i put it on at night
get the mini if you're interested!
as someone with sensitive skin i wouldnt recommend this product at all
however this mask didn't work for me
for $70 i figured i could use that money for something else
when people say you have to apply a lot they are not kidding
that is if you want to peel it off which is the point
this one you don't
at the same time i really don't see any benefits
i don't know about that
it really didn't do much for my skin
it literally did nothing to my skin
i definitely won't be switching to this for good
i get a kick out if every time i use it.
i just wish i don't waste about $90 bucks on this
what this thing is supposed to do
not sure what i expected.
i don't have those
it didn't do anything for my skin
i didn't see any benefits to using this mask other than it looks cool
normally i wouldn't mind the price if the product works
when i was done i didn't see much difference.
my face doesn't really look it to begin with so this probably isn't for me since i don't really need firming
don't get me wrong, works amazing!
i think it didn't do anything for me because i'm 21
i don't see much difference in my skin after using it
i don't know what it is
this mask did nothing for me whatsoever.
would definitely not recommend.
i don't feel anything differently when i peel of the mask
didn't do anything for my skin
i don't see any ingredients that would give the results his mask is claiming
does not come in off easily either
didn't see any results at all
really does tighten your face
although i don't see drastic results like i do with the supermud
maybe i don't see much of a difference because i'm only 24
out for me is the fact that you don't need to glob the product on so you could potentially get way more uses out of this then the cheaper ones
it does not hurt to remove it
wether or not you think that is worth $70 is up to you- i will gladly use this sample up enjoy it
you may want to avoid this
i won't be purchasing this which is too bad because it does what it says
didn't really see much differene in that area
i honestly didn't feel like it did much for me
if you want to spend $79
it doesn't have anything to write home about either
i did not think it did much for my skin
i honestly don't think this one is worth the money
i do like the mask
you don't actually get all that much product either
i didn't really see any firming action like what it claims to do
t's easy to convince the guys in your life to give it a go
i didn't notice anything not bad not good just the same
keep hoping something will happen
i honestly do not underst
bad recommendation, i think.
is it enough for someone my age?
it hasn't done anything for me
i didn't feel that it lived up to the price or the hype
i felt like this didnt hydrate my skin whatsoever if anybody it just made it feel really tight
it did absolutely nothing other than make my face feel kinda tight for 15 minutes
thought i might like this
i couldn't really see any differences
you have no idea you're almost out until the last pump
i found that it didn't seem to soak in as much as i would like
i could definitely feel it
i don't feel like it did much beyond my normal moisturizer
it is just not for my skin type
i didn't like it at all
personally, i wouldn't recommend.
it didn't break me out or irritate me
so maybe it's worth a try for someone else
thought i might like this too to use underneath
doesn't really allow you to put anything on after
i don't find myself reaching for this product a ton
i just don't feel like it does anything
i do not get that reaction at all
i do not see any difference at all with it
the only reason i gave 2 stars is because i do like the pump
t is doing its job
you really only need half a pump
i don't think i like it
the product didn't really do what i was hoping
10/10 definitely do not recommend
all it does is just sit there???
i hate this do not buy
it did nothing to my skin
my skin didn't get better or worse.
i can't say it was definitely the cause
unfortunately this seems to break me out if i use it everyday
maybe if you're a person who has ridiculously dry skin this will work for you
i honestly don't know what i was expecting as i got a free sample
product doesn't do what he purports to do.
i figured this deluxe sample would help me decide if i wanted to shell out some $$ to continue using it
which it did not do for me.
which didn't bother me
have to say that i can't really notice any change
it didn't bother my skin
i don't really see any results
it didn't feel nice on the skin
" if that is such a thing
don't waste your money on this one
like a serum that actually does what it claims to do
i don't believe i have been using it long enough to notice a difference
this one is not for me
you know to fix those crazy eyes after a long night
this really does not work for me
but, honestly, it didn't do anything.
you always get a bit of product shot out at you when you click it closed
i didn't find it difficult to use
can't say if this eye cream helped with that
it didn't irritate my eyes when i used it either
i know nothing will totally erase them
it does not work
besides hydration this cream will not do much for you
i would not recommend it
you don't get a lot of product in this tube.
this product didn't really do anything.
i don't see any difference
now i need to find something else
decided to give it a try
you either get too much or not enough.
after a few minutes you can really feel a difference
im not sure if i see a difference.
also, im not sure i'll buy this or not.
i can tell the difference when not using it
feels like you didn't even apply any in the first place
so maybe it's better for people who do?
didn't make much of a difference for me.
do not like the dispenser at all.
personally i don't see any brightening or de puffing
it i saw no differnece in anything
it does not burn or bother
that's why i can only use it at night
it doesn't harm me
i don't think it does the other things it claims to do
what a waste of money it did absolutely nothing at all
not sure why i don't have sensitive skin or anything
it does not stay on!
it just doesn't cut it anymore
t wastes some every time if you are not careful
this okay but not the best.
but it didn't do anything for me.
i can't really say much if i notice any difference
did nothing for me
spend your money on something else girls!
it didn't work it didn't make me look less tired it didn't do anything it's not worth the hype i returned it
did not love it at all.
save your money and try something else!
didn't do anything for my eyes
i don't see anything noticeable or 'have to have' about it
i would put the money towards something else
this does absolutely nothing.
don't have much else to worry about
i don't regret paying around $30 for this eye cream
think if the next few eye creams don't work for me
you might want to pass on this
i do think it's better than this one
i personally feel like it didn't do enough for my dry skin
did not like how shiny it made my skin look
if i could give this product zero stars, i would.
this product does not work
i can't wait to return it
but over all it did nothing to my skin.
ambassador who clearly did not listen to my needs
i bet for people who don't have as acne-prone skin as mine would like it a lot
don't use it as often as i would like because of this
i do think it helps with fine lines
maybe it just doesn't work well with my skin type
this does the job
i will use up this bottle and try something else.
maybe i will return to that or try something else
i don't know what it is about this particular moisturizer
i don't break out often
i guess the extra spf did it.
don't want to waste it
spend your money on something else.
murad you've done it again!
not sure i would try a murad product again.
this one did nothing
it definitely did not have a heavy
why did you mess with a good thing, murad?
i don't see anything different with my skin
but i still don't like it.
it did absolutely nothing at all
i won't be trying it again
i can't see myself using them in the future after this
on a deluxe sample of a product that did the exact opposite of what it was supposed to do
got the rewards pack so can't say wether they really work or not
this is an eye cream- it doesn't do more than that
it doesn't work at all!
i don't have any hopes of it
i think the actual cream probably is
i don't think of someone with a tiny face
for letting us try new products
i feel like it does an ok job right after the treatment
hope it's one of those products that justs need time
right now i would not buy it again not recommend it
not too sure about this product
sadly it does not make good on any claims it makes
i don't see any results
ok it will take time
what am i doing wrong?
this only makes it dryer plus you can't use anything else with it
i agree i didn’t know when to use it.
i don't even want to give this 1 star.
doesn't do anything for you or your skin
this mask really did make my skin look horrible
guess i better just buy more of that!
i want to give you younger glams some advice
tell you which side you sleep on
i've never read anything about it helping your face
help that gorgeous face of yours stay that way :)
i just don't know what is this suppose to do.
it is 92 dollars?are you kidding me??
this stuff did absolutely nothing.
i found d it did nothing
it seems from the reviews you either love it or you're not really seeing much or anything happening
it seems to do nothing to my expression lines
it honestly did not do anything for me.
maybe i don't need the product.
then i thought maybe it would be a good makeup primer
i don't know what it does do.
all i can say is that it did nothing for me.
do not fall for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it hasn't done anything for mine.
it does feel very nice when you put it on for overnight
does not do anything even close to what has been promised
basically does not do anything at all.
i don't even see temporary results.
don't waste your money.
this product does make things look good when you brush it on
blush this did not work for me
i need to send this back
please tell me how
yes it does plump you up
it happens either way
if i don't see that i am switching to something else
really doesn't change the look of the skin
if you put makeup over the top i feel like it quit working
i used it just like it said
i didn't do a thing for me
this product does absolutely nothing except it irritates skin
don't waste your money.
it did nothing for my skin.
wanted to like this product so bad
it really didn't do anything at all
i can't decide if i want to finish the jar
see if it gets better or send it back
not so much for me
let me know if you see otherwise!
i think that this cream is a waste of the money
i don't see any real difference in my skin
i don't know why i broke out from this
sadly this product did nothing for me.
didn't last & i didn't see a difference.
for what it said it does i haven't seen much of a difference
i always tell my mother not to waste her money on these products that don't work
i don't know if i'm too young for this product
the product goes on very smoothly however it didn't do anything except act as a moisturizer
i don't see what the big hype is about
don't waste your money!
it did go on smoothly but that's about it.
i'll look for something else...
i can't say that i see any difference in my skin at all
did not see any results
now i'm not too sure i even want to try more of this line
you have to shake it so hard
so, i can't recommend this to anyone.
i don't really notice much difference as it seems to be a temporary fix
i just don't seem to grab it
i give it three stars as i really do like the bottle
at $100, you expect something.
it does what it says it will
doesn't really do anything for my skin.
don't get me wrong
i like it when i can feel it working-
i might just have to order the bliss stuff elsewhere
i don't find this one to be anything special
i definitely wouldn't bother purchasing again
doesn't feel like it does much for my skin.
i don't see any crazy skin changes
thought why not double up the goodness?
i decided to try this one
i didn't feel like it did anything for my breakouts
clean then i recommend this one
i made sure it would be okay for sensitive skin
like, "surely that can't be!"
for $38 i can't tell what it does that an $8 cleanser doesn't
for the price i would go with something else.
doesn't do anything at all
how you didn't need toner while using it
just couldn't go any longer
it doesn't irritate me or break me out so that's great
it really did nothing.
but it really did not make any difference.
what it did was make break out so horrible i will never buy this product maybe i try something different
it doesn't get makeup off or really do much more than my aha/bha face wash
it wasn't doing anything
maybe i put too much?
because i had honestly no clue what this was as i just received it as a sample
did nothing for my skin.
it didn't work for me but it might work for you
didn't do anything negative to my skin
i wouldn't use it twice a day
i wouldn't recommend this for anyone that doesn't have extremely oily skin
i did like the product though.
or at least not use it everyday like i did
nearly impossible to get anything to come out of the rollerball
when you do you are out of the patches
it honestly didn't work
i notice them though
i mean, like 99% of that stuff is left over.
it didn't work in the end.
it wouldn't come out
you can't really tell if anything is coming out
the patches aren't anything special either.
don't waste your money
i think it needs time and careful use.
would nor recommend at all
this does not even come out of the bottle
can't get my money back because it really is a waste of money
i don't suggest using this moisturizer if you plan on wearing make-up
just basic, does the job.
it did what it was supposed to
it does wonders for my skin
it the second you touch your face or put anything on topof it
i didn't notice anything special about it
let's be clear that i do not mean that my skin was peeling
this is honestly not something i would purchase again
not sure about this one
this product does not work for me
let me start by saying that i can't live without jms body
and this broke me out like you would not believe.
didn't really sink in
it definitely does ball up afterward if you rub it like other reviewers have wrote
it didn't break me out or anything
i don't even know what this smell is
i don't recommend this
it is annoying when trying to apply foundation.
did not bother my sensitive skin
i do not think it absorbs quickly
didn't like this at all.
if i'm going to rub s
i can't believe i spent so much money on this
did not do anything
found it did nothing for my skin
i don't see how this works for anyone
you will like this
sure, it smells good but it doesn't do much.
this product did nothing for my skin.
i think it does what it is supposed to which it warms
i don't think we should be causing micro cuts like that
this one did not work for me
didn't feel it did much of anything for my skin
i can't see a difference in before and after.
this did nothing for my skin.
wanted to give this a try in hope it'll be great for my oily combo skin especially for the t-zone area
it's a shame that i have to stop using it when the bottle is 95% full
i decided to try something lighter
when i want a richer
this one does the trick.
so try to avoid that or else you'll get the stinging
so far i do not like it as much.
it does feel clean everytime i use it
i expect everything to be perfect
i really didn't give the product much of a chance
i did expect a better product
it did nothing to help
idk if it does anything to my face
it also didn't do anything for me
i did get a good amount in my play box though!
it really did nothing for my skin.
it didn't make my skin worse or anything i'm just not sure what it does do is worth it
it doesn't do anything to my skin
that's the closest i could compare it to.
i tryed it anyways i had to take it off early because of the smell
anything else i've ever used made me break out
once you put it on you barely notice it
doesn't clear my face
every time i do
based on rave reviews i think it just might not agree with my particular skin type
i wish i could say this worked
this does absolutely nothing for my skin.
doesn't make it better or worse.
if i wanted soft
this mask just didn't do it for me
i really thought it would because i'm only 21
until i actually did.
so you need very little
i wanted to try more
i wanted to try it again
won't spend that much money on something that smells that bad
i got this as a sample without knowing anything about the br
formula just did not work for me
can't say they're exactly the same
i did not see much glow.
one positive is that it did not make me oily.
however it did not to what it says it will do.
it's definitely not with $95- since it didn't do anything "amazing" other than give you a amazing glow
really doesn't seem to do much at all
not sure how this product is supposed to work?
i found no need to add something else to the mix
i don't see a difference in my skin at all
i found it really did nothing.
i really don't see much difference after using this
which is what i wanted it for
if it doesn't break you out you will love this!!
i just didn't have crazy results with this one.
don't know what the hype is about this product.
does nothing for me
it does absolutely nothing.
only gave it 2 stars because my skin didn't get any worse
after that it literally does nothing
my skin did not change
it did absolutely nothing
it just wasn't anything special
decided to give it a try
i don't see too much of a difference when used as directed
this serum did nothing for me.
this did not work for me and i regret trying it.
'm not really sure why this happened to me
you really see a difference in your skin when you put it on
it does nothing for me.
i noticed my face did not feel clean anymore
i really can't take it anymore.
this is not it
i think you can find something just as good
it didn't improve hydration or do anything else as far as i could tell
i just wish it didn't cause such a massive break out
there isn't anything wrong with this oil.
but there also isn't anything great about it.
it really didn't do anything for me our of the ordinary
i didn't get any obvious results.
this doesn't mean you can put the cap back on
depending on the amount you want
i hate not getting the amount i want
the last thing i want is to waste product
i don't like it
let me tell you
get yourself enough equivalent product
you can make about 32
i'd give it zero stars if i could
i didn't think it was anything special.
did you sit as a body oil and really liked it.
i hate choose-your-own adventure products that don't have one intended purpose
so you have to guess what you're supposed to do with it
just give me some clear instructions, please!!
it just did absolutely nothing for my skin
don't put it on your face!
couldn't believe how much it made my face sting
thought i would give it a try
well... maybe it might just be me haha.
i honestly don't think it does anything other than give the skin a slight gloss
i feel that it does nothing
thought who wouldn't love some in a stick form?
it did not give me the level of moisture i wanted
i don't dislike this...but i don't need this.
i wouldn't recommend it
i think it could make some break out
i don't think it's anything special
f you try it in the store
feel i think it would work well
if i could give it no stars i would !
it did not happen
i will give it more time so do its magic before i say it is a miss
honestly not worth it
i feel like i need to use something else on top
i suppose i can take this on short trips
i can't imagine using it regularly
if you want something like that
i don't understand this products purpose.
i attempted to use it as a primer for my makeup however i can't really say i noticed any difference from not using a primer whatsoever
it doesn't really do anything
didn't feel a difference on my skin
don't really feel any different or look different
only good thing is the first 1 minute you apply it
didn't care for this product.
it does feel cool when you put it on
i did not see a difference in my puff around my eyes
i never use this.
i don't like the way it feels
didn't really have any effect on my skin
t might work better for someone else
don't want to waste any
i don't really think it helps depuff or anything like that
i can't decide whether or not i hate this
i couldn't really tell if it worked
this is a miss for me...
it does cool, but at what cost.
that does absolutely nothing
i guess this would be nice to use on a hot day?
it hasn't done anything for my skin
it does what it's supposed to
it just didn't seem to do much.
not what i was expecting.
i didn't really care if it felt cool or not.
do not be fooled.
it does what it says it does.
if you want something w the same effect
it doesn't do anything else for me
i don't think this is worth the money.
can't bring it unless i check my bag
so i love its size but otherwise nothing special!
maybe doesn't fit me?
i decided to give it a go
feels about the same, anyway.
i would not recommend this product to anybody
it doesn't last long
you can't smell it on the stick itself.
i don't really notice a change
it's not something you use all over your face either
i don't think i'll be purchasing it again when i run out
it also hurts a lot if you accidentally get the stuff in your eyes
why does this product peel off??
i went into the store knowing exactly what i wanted
the more i used it the more i didn't like it
my skin just doesn't react well to it.
it didn't do anything just sat on the face not even moisturizing
i don't mind the smell except that i did my research
it didn't work for me
this stuff didn't make me break-out
i feel like it made it even worse
did not mattify it at all
it did nothing to control the oil
i don't want it to smell exactly like a cheap
did not work out
this just doesn't do the job for me
i will continue to use it because i pai so much money for it
decided to give this a try
i wanted to give the product a good try cause of the price tag
i don't really think it prevented breakouts either
i mean just look at the ingredients.
i will not use it anymore.
don't rely on this one
didn't see any results
which it did not
didn't think it was a great moisturizer either as if you apply too little
however, it just wasn't for me.
while i don't think it caused me to break out
it didn't help it any
i do believe it made me a little less oily
did nothing for my pores like it claims
it just didn't blow me away to keep me interested for daytime use
it did not break me out
if you do decide to try this product get a sample from an employee
i wear it at night cause i didn't want to waste it
nothing to write home about
i just don't see it
i don't know how anyone can give this product any stars
if i could i would give it -1 stars because its just a literal waste of money
it does absolutely nothing!
i honestly can't tell if it even does anything
i can't tell if it makes a huge difference
it seems the same as when i do not use the primer
it seems like the maskimizer didn't add any particular effect
i really don’t know that the maximizer does that much to improve the results of face masks
i didn't notice any results
don't have the time
since i knew how my skin would react to that mask
after a few uses i didn't necessarily know what the purpose behind it was
you could simply go with water
adds to it i don't know if i would actually purchase this by itself
it doesn't do anything at all
i do not recommend at all.
don't feel like it did anything to improve the mask performance
not sure it does much
i just do not see the point.
i agree with others-- this product appears to do nothing
honestly it's hard to tell if this product really does increase the effectiveness of a face mask
i don't think it is necessary to spend money on a mask primer
this is junk and doesn't do anything.
i can feel that it has done something
you really don't need this product.
the masks will do it all for you.
i dont see a real purpose for this primer
didnt do anything for me
i don't think it really made a difference in how well my masks worked
i won't be purchasing the full size product as i don't think it adds anything to my routine
i don't see it as something i actually need in my collection
i don't see a difference at all when i don't use it
if you don't like holding onto your money then go for it
if you do decide you're going to buy both the maskimizer
i don't know if there's something in it that my skin does not like or if it's bad for dry sensitive skin
no way of telling if this works or not
it doesn't do anything.
it doesn't make my masks do a better job
if anything i feel like putting something between your skin
i don't think it's necessary to make the mask effective
i wouldn't waste your money on something like this
we don't need to prime before we mask
what this product is suppose to achieve because it did nothing
i don't really see a difference with using this product
i don't see a difference.
i really don't notice any difference if i use this or not
i find myself not wanting to use this product
i really want to get my money back
i don't think it helps the mask actually work any better
i could take it or leave it.
why bother spending the extra money
is not easy to do with this bottle
i would keep it
i don't see it at all
it does seem to make my masks go on better
i don't really see any huge difference because of this primer
it doesn't make my masks "work better".
it does the job
i mean... really, really bad.
don't know how well it does with removing anything
it did make me
i think you just have to try it for yourself
its a weird feeling right after you use it because it feels as if you cant rinse the product out
i don't get blemishes or anything like that.
i did not like this face wash
doesn't do much either
i feel as if it doesn't really do anything for the price
i really do like it
it let me down so bad
it's just not what i was hoping for
only good thing i can say is it left my face soft
i felt like the product wouldn't come off
maybe i didn't have enough water
i wish i could describe just how badly it dried my face out
it does not work well for me
it still did the same thing
it does however clean everything off
does not give me acne which is a big plus
please don't think it won't work for you because it didn't work for someone else
i suggest trying a sample first if u could
i really did not like this.
i mean i'll get one pimple here
this is not it.
so that wouldn't be a problem for them
do not like to do so
this one is not for me
it does nothing for my skin
i do't feel clean after using it
i don't see how or why in the world bare minerals thought that this new line was better because it's not
i agree with another post.
i dislike it so much i will not use up the bottle
i felt like the cleanser really didn't do anything
i gave this a try to see if something "different" would work for me
i don't care for the way this goes on
it didn't cause breakouts or do anything harmful for me
i mean it's okay, but just not for me.
i would not call this a "transformative" cleanser as they do
then i try this
i wouldn't recommend this product.
i didn't like it
i didn't like the way it felt on my face
i decided to give this a try
just not for me.
definitely not for anyone trying to keep the shine down
at least i don't hate it
it does nothing to my skin
this product is just not enough for me.
or wasnt enough for me anyway
it looks greasy in my t-zone areas which is something i was hoping this wouldn't do
i can feel it on my face
i did not break out
didn't work for me.
this one didn't work for me.
t-zone like no other
tried anyway--it doesn't absorb
which makes you wonder what kind of awful stuff you just put on your face
honestly don't see a difference in my skin unfortunately
or anything else it claims to do
didn't notice that it really did anything
how something that's supposed to go on my face can have such a heavy scent
it made me cry more often than i care to admit
i couldn't get past that to know if it works.
i don't see a difference
i don't think it's helping at all
i think i might just go through the hassle
i think it's not doing anything for me
i do agree with other reviews that it is sticky
does not absorb well
did nothing for me
i did not like the feel of it on my skin.
just did not work for me
just not for me
what i i don't underst
i never got any extra breakouts or anything from using this
i don't usually break out.
wouldn't recommend it if you have sensitive skin
even if this stuff was free i wouldn't use it.
otherwise, not a bad product.
i guess it depends on your skin type.
might be great for someone who does not need a ton of moisture
not simply give the illusion that it is doing so
otherwise doesn't really do much
i do not which is another reason for 2 stars the only thing i like is how moisturizing it is
it really didn't do anything special
now everything i buy is a let down
then it's like i never put anything on
basically did the exact opposite of what it claims to
i just personally think that people that have dry skin
then it does away
definitely didnt give me any type of glow
does nothing for your skin.
didn't do anything for my skin
unfortunately, i don't recommend it :(
even though it didn't work for me
overall did not do anything for me
it's not what i hoped for
not for me though
then when you actually apply it it feels okay
until it starts to sting so bad that you want to go ahead
did nothing for my under eyes at all.
and it doesn't do that great of a job.
not sure if i can return it
i really want to return it.
i never get pass 24 uses
anybody has similar problem?
didn't do much for me.
i wanted to like this so much, but i just can't.
it did not feel comfort at all
just did not enjoy using it
this won't allow that
i can't figure out how to get it off
you are supposed to use the w
do not get in eyes
even though it is hard not to with the w
formula doesn't make a difference either.
it didn't do anything for my sun spots
i did not notice a change at all.
the kind that lets you press down on the top
not only because i don't want to use the same spatula
i read that i wasn't the only one
it is just not for me
was hoping this would do the trick
it does help my skin with hydration when its on i didn't see any improvement when i didn't just apply it
do appreciate how soft it makes my skin feel after each use
it always makes me "feel fancy" when i use it
for now the only claim i am attest to is that it's definitely going to make your skin feel soft
not sure if maybe i need to adjust the amount
it got to a point if i didn't keep buying them my face was messed up for good
thought i would give them a try to fix what was going on with my eyes because at this point i just wanted them to look like what they did before i started using eye patches
do the same thing
however there is nothing wrong with them
now they seem like they don't do anything
thought maybe they didn't work with my face type maybe then they would work for my husb
still nothing not any better
so at lest these didn't make me look older when i ran out like the other ones
i dont like the shape of these.
they dont fit around my eyes.
these patches did absolutely nothing for me.
too expensive for what it does .......
i did not see any amazing results
just not this one
don't see any benefits after use.
i wasn't expecting anything spectacular from one use
did not want to leave them
its not that expensive if you compare it to the sephora br
don't really think it was worth it
it doesn't feel or look any different
but if your wanting to get rid of fine lines.
it really didn't live up to the hype i'd read in other reviews
really tried to give it a chance
s that do a better job
unfortunately, these didn't work for me.
definitely doesn't do all the things promised
i don't really need this for fine lines or wrinkles
it does the job
however do not think that this cream is a miracle worker
this one is just ok.
did not do much else
i really don't see a major difference with this product
maybe this would be nice for someone who does not wear makeup
decided to give this stuff a try
will finish up the bottle to see if anything changes
this honestly did nothing for me.
i mean i was hoping that it will help me with mu dark circles
it did help a little
didn't see any type of plump or anything at all..
i couldn't wait to try it
what is it suppose to do exactly?
it didn't do anything for me
pretty much like if i hadn't put anything on
it does absolutely nothing for me
it doesn't do much for my skin
doesn't affect much else
or not using any mask
but it is just ok.
so i don't get why the reviews are so good?
this didn't do anything it claimed to do at all.
i tried it every way i could
for the $$ it didn't really do anything noticeable
definitely would not recommend
i would not recommend it
it doesn't work for me
it didn't do much for me
i don't see any difference
didn't even finish it
i don't know if it does anything to help with dark spots because it wasn't worth destroying my skin
i'd give this maybe like a 2.5 star if i could.
doesn't mean it works
it did not work for me at all
this did nothing for me at all.
i would not say its a good product nor it is bad
you can find cheaper stuff than this
my face did not look or feel too different
it just did not do enough for me to go ahead
unfortunately this did absolutely nothing for me
it felt like i wasn't applying anything.
this does not help
so if you have dry skin, i dont recommend.
i like to use this
it does not make me break out/red :
this is not the answer
feel of this going on
this product didn't work well for me.
'm not sure who this product would work well on
it's not really anything special
not anything i would spend $60 on.
didn't do a thing for me
trying so hard to find something from you guys
i think you'd really like this
guess it kinda fails its purpose
definitely recommend this to keep your summer glow going
if you want an intense glow you probably won't like this product
it doesn't make me breakout, either!
i don't find myself using it
usually just don't use it
the only way you can get to it would be to use your fingers
i would not recommend this product to anyone.
it didn't work out at all
you can live without it
other than that i don't think it added anything special to my beauty routine
didn't really do anything in general
as it is i find i can't use this product
i would love this if it had spf in it.
try it, you won't regret it!
i did like this product
i think you could pass on it
i honestly don't even underst
this highlighter in my opinion is not for everybody
if anything it make my skin look saggier
i would not recommend putting it all over your face
i guess i'm on the fence because it is nice
if you already have a product that gives your face a nice glow
i don't see any lift or firming going on.
t is not terrible
if you're fair this will look funny on you.
i do not break out easily at all
unfortunately this is one product that did not work out for me
did nothing for me
if you love glitter, you'll really dig this.
i will probably send it back.
this was a fail for me.
its bad enough for me to stop using it
will be passing it on to someone else.....yuck!
wanted to try out clinique as i've heard good things about their skin care line
the description does not lie
the product hasn't done anything for my skin .
i feel like if i was in a hurry
would not recommend this
f i put it on before i do my make up it looks gross
unfortunately my skin did not like this.
i could see how people who don't get acne with this cream would like it
it doesn't take much to cover your entire face
does not absorb well
i know it's not the other product because once i change this moisturizer with another one
it does not absorb well
didn't work for me--waste of $40.00.
definitely see if you can get a sample to see if it works for you before blowing $40
i dont even know if its supposed to do that on its own or if its because i often use the rose face mask too
because of this i try not to give produces bad ratings if they don't work for me
i tried it twice anyway
just didn't work for me.
i would expect it to
it did not help at all
i didn't really feel any difference in my skin
i do like this product.
t is crazy expensive for how little you get
the hydration wasn't what i would call deep
wish i could return it.
i feel like if you have normal to combo skin you would absolutely love this
which i refuse to give up
didn't want to have to add a primer to it
i can only say that it's a great experience to apply this to your face
this probably won't provide the hydration you need
it did not break me out
i didn't see any results
nothing good happened either
i've tried products that didn't help
don't waste your money!
it did nothing for me
i don't think it is worth
it does not do much for me
would not recommend it.
this didn't help my skin at all
i really think that this product did nothing.
don't usually write reviews
i would give this zero star if i could.
i always use double moisturizer if i put on this first to make sure i won't have dry situation when i apply my make up
it doesn't perform like any other b i've ever used
it's beyond me why they would think to call this an intensive hydration gel
does not feel that way at all
i also didn't use along side anything
'd say if you're dry
it didn't do anything for my skin
dont really notice on days i skip it
but this product did not impress me at all.
this is something it did not do
let me say their entire line breaks me out
maybe i'm not using it right
doesn't do what it claims at all for me
if anyone has any suggestions of a great moisturizer please tell me
i don't like the way it makes my skin feel or look
not a fan of having to mix with something else
hard to tell how much of product is in the bottle
the product is so light that it doesn't feel like i even used it
this just isn't going to do it for you
this does not work for me
not something that i would buy again
it didn't nothing for me.
she doesn't like it either
really want to like it though ...
i wish i could give it zero stars.
i don't buy skin care often
having tried everything else
i decided to give this product a go
'm not sure why a gel would be so comedogenic
it doesn't do its job completely
don't know if the new formula is as good as old
i wish they would stop changing everything
makes you look like you have face d
is not something i want on my face
definitely something to keep in mind if you try this product
i would give this zero stars if i could.
this is definitely not for you
soothing on the skin it did not have the anit ging benefits that the hope in a jar did
i just don't see the point
no matter how i use it
personally it is not strong enough to give the squeaky clean kind of feeling i prefer
i did not feel like the foam did anything
i don't ever write reviews
didn't make significant changes to my skin for me to want to buy it again
i don't think i'm getting proper use out of the product
i just don't know how to use it better?
so maybe they'll make a different formula
don't get me wrong
it does absolutely nothing for my skin
i would not recommend it.
i couldn't let it foam up i had to take it off because i was so uncomfortable
dont really care about the color
it just says to relax
it doesnt say for how long to let the product sit on the skin
so far i am not sure that is does what it says
keep trying to see if i notice anything happening
i didn't see any change when i used this
if you want something to add a pearl essence to your under eye then go ahead
i just don't think this does what it claims.
haven't found anything i really think works
i don't see any difference at all
at first i thought i didn't follow the instructions right
the same thing happened again
do not get this
do not think it is worth the money
i let my mom try it to see if it worked for her
i suppose the label does say 'keep young
i didn't find anything great about this.
i wouldn't recommend it
the reason why i wanted to write a review is that i don't like the packaging at all
i wish they change the bottle.
i can't get past the smell to even try it on my face
this is something that you don't want to put on your skin
let alone your face
which i always do because i try to take care of my skin
i think it is criminal to charge people so much money to ruin their skin
more evidence that expensive doesn't necessarily mean good
if it works for you
so maybe that didn't help
either way, it was not for me.
this serum did nothing for me.
i would not recommend this to anyone.
i suggest you try a sample to see if you like the scent
maybe i shouldn't have been surprised
for something that you apply to your face
if your sensitive at all too smell i urge you to stay away
as for results i cant say
then you might like this
perhaps i just don't experience some of the skin issues this serum is supposed to address
so maybe it's just not meant for me
i used my 100 point perk to get this
i like what this does to my skin
i dont know if they are trying to mask a smell
i see that a lot of people would like this product
i don't know whether it works
i don't think i will be using it long enough to see
i don't really know if this is worth $100
if that helps anyone
i don't think my skin got any better or worse
i always break out when i change products
i can't believe more people are not mentioning how sticky this oil feels
1 or 2 drops doesn't cut it because you can't really move the oil around
anyone needing this for age defiance won't like it because no product should be making you tug on your skin regardless of it's ingredient list
it doesn't seem like it does anything
and this did absolutely nothing!
how much money they want for it
i would not recommend this.
i am not sure how i feel about it because i haven't used it consistently
it goes away within seconds-so don't know why people complain about it
i could not even st
its really hard to know if its a good product because when i try to use it i cant st
doesn't do anything to your skin
can't say it's doing anything for my skin.
im not sure if my pump is defective or not
it doesn't break me out
have to say i do not see a difference
the bottle is completely opaque so you have zero clue how much is in it
unfortunately, it did not.
it didn't make my skin look any better or any worse
it just didn't do anything.
i don't see that much a difference
not for me i guess
i don't know how it did this
do not waste your money on this, it's a waste!
i did not like it
like it.. not sure if i love it.
it doesn't break me out
not sure about the aha aspect of it
i love how much product you get in the bottle
it's also not hurting anything
'll keep using it until it's gone
i don't feel that the cream worked at all
this eye cream does not depuff or do any of the things it claims to do
i guess if you forgot to put mascara on
guess you can't complain
did not apply well
t wont remove them
the mascara was ok it wasn't giving me the look i want
if you twist to much product up it doesn't go back down
so, like, three uses... i don't understand.
you'll be better off using something else
i feel like this doesn't do anything for me
i waited to review until i used it long enough to know if it has made a difference or not
i cant say it has helped the appearance
but sadly, it just did not work for my skin.
using this i look like it
it doesn't really do anything special.
after reading the reviews i thought i would give this a try
this product didn't do much of anything
i don't know to which product i should attri
don't know if this is the cause.
i kept going with it to see if i could learn to like it
unfortunately, this didn't work.
i didn't see or feel any benefits
i think it's a better fit for someone with sensitive skin
i don't really think it's anything special
this one i just don't like
i don't recommend it at all.
this is not the product for you
i don't feel like this moisturizer does anything special
don't waste your hard earned money on this product
i can see why people enjoy this product it just wasn't for me
i don't know why i keep using this i guess i really wanted it to work
this did nothing for me unfortunately
unlike everything else they offer
dont believe what these ladies are saying because they really dont care
was too distracted by the scent to notice whether it really did much
really did not like it
do not buy this if you don't have aging skin
if you don't have super sensitive
i assume if you don't have dry skin like me it may be good enough
must say this isn't one of the more amazing products- think good genes or luna oil
cannot recommend this to anyone who easily breaks out
i really want to like this cream
i don't even use that much of the product
it did not make any difference.
like i did not use the product at all.
definitely do not recommend it for those that do
can't wait to try the juno oil top.
you can't see it from distance
this didn't do much for me.
didn't really notice anything special about it.
it doesn't go very far,though.
don't recommend if you have combination skin.
i probably will not even attempt this on my face.
t won't go to waste
it did the same thing with all of them
see if that makes a difference
it is not too rich to break me out
i don't know why this is not working
why would you even put that in skincare?
didn't see any real results
t looks like you're getting more than you are
i really don't think this has helped much.
you don't get that much product
this did nothing for my skin
wait until there was enough for me to use
i returned this and i wouldn't recommend it.
sadly i did not
thought how could i not love it
perhaps if your skin is very sensitive you may choose this
for me i'm going to return this
if you that makes sense
don't leave this film on your face
otherwise doesn't seem to do much
i cannot emphasize how much i dislike this product
i won't go out of my way to buy it.
in my experience using it i don't feel like it works
at this point my skin doesn't feel or look any different
this is the reason why i'm scared to try it.
i do like the product- the idea of it
it just doesnt do anything if you have dry skin.
like you can't spread it on your face before it's gone
with that being said i don't feel like it did anything for my skin
did nothing for my skin
this is not your stuff
nice texture but not what i expected.
you feel absolutely nothing from it
i really do not like this at all
this stuff made me feel like i put absolutely nothing on my skin
honestly i don't see any difference in my skin
you kinda have to use a lot of product to really mostiurize your whole face
every time i tell myself i will perhaps get used to it
definitely do not buy- i ignored the other reviews
i don't find it does much
it doesn't go in the skin
make it impossible to wear anything with it
i just decided to try it again
i don't know why people like this brand.
i did not feel it added any extra hydration
i do like it though
most of the time you get what you pay for
don't waste your money
it literally does nothing
let it sink it
i don't believe so.
we will see if after i run out if i notice any changes
it did nothing for me
this did not work for me at all.
im unsure if i didn't apply it correctly or what.
no matter how much of the product i apply i feel greasy
i personally would not spend $150 on it.
if you are too then this might not be a fit for you
i think if you're on the oilier side of the skin scale it may not be for you
either way , i can't recommend this product
past that does it really work i don't know?
i let the salesperson talk me into this product
don't know if it is doing me any good
can not imagine what this would do to someone who is
i decided to give it a chance
i really want to love it but it's going back.
very disappointed i doesn't this much money on something that melts off my make up half way they the day
because they always make me break out
ugh why must i try new things mere days before concerts
the product does not work
decided to give it a try
this product didn't do anything bad to my skin
i can't return the whole set just because of this
it definitely did nothing for me
actually the only thing it did for me was dry me out
did not see a difference on my skin
this product did not work for me.
maybe you'll have a better experience.
my face did not like it
i just don't think i do well with this brand.
this product does what it says
algenist products seem to do this to me.
a problem that doesn't really exist
did not work for me.
it's always pump out way too much so this bottle probably going to last me a month
tip: especially if you keep it in the fridge like i do
i don't think i'll buy this again
sadly it didn't do anything for puffiness for me
i really do like this product.
the product did not depuff
unfortunately it didn't do anything for my dark circles
not sure if it's still available
i feel like it doesn't go on very easy
i couldn't figure out the cause
i do like the product to help with wrinkles that i am just starting to get
it does go on easy
it does a little depuffing but not much.
it didn't do much
i didn't like any of the other items
this will not do the trick
i do like the cooling feeling after you apply it
i also like the way you apply it as a stick.
i don't feel like it worked for me.
didn't feel it after every application
i don't feel this is doing anything for me
i cannot tell that it does much of anything for the puffiness
i give it a 2 because i personally didnt feel like it did much
i didnt get the "radiant" look its supposed to give you
however, it didn't do anything besides that!
didn't really see it do anything special
so basically this is the "sugar pill" of your birth control pack that doesn't really do anything
maybe i didn't give the product a fair shot
i don't think would buy again
f you buy i guess make sure you use it up before it does out
i would not recomend unless your ok with the jar not closing
i do not like it much.
i just don't feel like this did much for my skin
they make me breakout
for the price i didn't feel like it did anything special for my skin that a much cheaper moisturizer couldn't do
i wanted to love it but it didn't do anything.
i wouldn't say that this is a bad product by any means
it isn't easy to find a product that can balance out this situation
you may want to avoid
you really only need the tiniest amount
i don't see any further benefits
it really did nothing honestly.
i can't find a good use for it
it didn't make my sensitive skinbreak out
i do not recommend this product
when i actually wore it...it did nothing for me.
definitely recommend trying it
it does the job
just not for me
it just made me shiny:
i didn't like it
i guess i could use it when i skip the gym
want to pretend like i didn't
however it didn't work out for me at all
i've used it twice and it does nothing.
when i went to return the girl got really snarky with me saying i had to use it for longer to see results
here's the thing- i didn't see any improvement
i didn't ask for it to be fixed over night
she did not want to help me find anything else that work work better because this apparently was the best
it did not do anything to reduce the spots on my face
didn't see any difference
but didn't know what it's meant to do.
for daily use it does not
i don't feel like it did anything for my skin.
all that did to me was get breakouts
when do you let it sit for 15 seconds?
it says you only need 1-2 of the balls
you definitely need more
especially if you want to use any on your neck
i don't plan to buy this again because of how oily it leaves me
however, it did not do anything for me.
not like the description promised
i only use at night as the scent does not go away
i probably won't bother with it again
if you are at all sensitive to fragrance do not buy this product
this completely did the opposite of what it said it was suppose to do
for me this absolutely didn't work.
you definitely need to apply it exactly how it says to
i don't really get it.
once i got used to it is ok
but it didn't make a difference to my makeup.
this product did nothing for my skin except break me out
this really didn't do anything for that
depends on what you want to use it for
it does nothing for me
i'll probably give it away
this didn't do anything to help it
however, it still won't work for me.
i don't like leaving negative ones
it really did not improve that for me.
this did not work for me
you'd never know it when i had this on
i don't know what on earth happened
why this didn't work for me
to add to that i don't see a benefit to my skin
but i don't recommend and would never buy again
i think it will take a few more weeks to see how i really feel about it
other than that it does nothing.
although i do like the way my skin looks
definitely not for me.
i just make myself believe that works enough just to keep them
it did absolutely nothing to absorb oil.
it did nothing to control my t-zone shine.
i do not recommend this product.
this did nothing for my skin.
i don't know what happened here.
for the hefty price tag i just didn't feel like i got enough bang for my buck to justify it
they don't seem to do much
this did nothing for my foundation.
doesn't control it as i would like to
this did nothing m
hoping that maybe it could work on days when i go barefaced
it still didn't work
wanted to give it a chance.
it literally did nothing but make me even oilier.
it should at least do something
this dis nothing for me at all.
if anything ot made me more oily.
used under it did nothing
i tried getting this product to work every way you can think of
unfortunately it doesn't work at all.
i tried it alone
it really doesn't change anything
don't waste your money on this.
it was honestly a bit of a let down
beyond that it doesn't make much of a difference
this didn't work for me at all
put some more on thinking i didn't put enough on
it did nothing for me at all.
my theory is that if it doesn't work as a primer-straight up
it's not going to magically work any other way
guess i have no choice but to shine on.
it did nothing for me
please leave any tips you have for using it in the reviews
gonna try other ways to use it!
didn't really do anything.
this really didn't change a single thing
which doesn't make sense for the name of the product
not sure that it does too much.
it did nothing for my oilyness
it didn't do anything to stop the oiliness of my face at all
can't really tell if this makes a big difference
this product does not mattify my skin
nor does it do anything that it claims to do
very expensive for what it can actually do
this product does not work!
it didn't work for me
however it is just okay
i liked the idea how you can blend it into other products
i think i will keep this product
if you want to buy this product i would recommend going to the store
unfortunately it did not work at all
it didn't do anything
it didn't make any difference when i tried using it under or over my makeup
this product did not work
i guess i need to keep on looking
i wanted to try this line instead of rodan
i can't use near my eyes which i normally don't have issues or sensitivity when using new thing
it did absolutely nothing for my skin.
didn't realize how small the bottle was i mean $90 for this is kind of sad
hope it doesn't break me out
you can still see how dark it is
considering the price you'd think i'd see something
i find it doesn't fully absorb
honestly, it did nothing.
i didn't expect any miracles
it really didn't do anything for me
i honestly don't see any difference in the way my eyes look or felt
it didn't really do that
this literally did nothing for me.
don't waste your money.
i just don't think it exists
it didn't seem to absorb at all.
nothing to write home about.
good moisturizer but didn't do anything special.
sephora has one of the best return/exchange policies out there i am just wondering why you cannot take it back??
they have never let me down
really wish i could return this.
i really wanted to add a moisturiser into my routine
since i've read only good reviews i decided to give it a try
didn't work for me, so wouldn't buy it again.
it doesn't break me out.
maybe if you are super dry you'll love this.
maybe not necessary for everyone
air doesn't do anything for your complexion anyway
it just didn't agree with my skin
so decided to try this cream
it does not transform my skin
:) i hope this helped someone!
didn't break me out but didn't do much else.
atleast it did not cause any break outs
did not feel good on my skin
when that didn't work
to my disappointment it did not
don't know what could possibly be making my skin angry besides that it simply is too dry
ing results or anything
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
smells good but not sure if it's worth the money.
i didn't find it life changing
this does nothing to tighten anything.
if you need to tighten any part of your face-don't bother with this one
i would not recommend
i can't say about foundation over it
then i think it'd be great:
not sure it performs any better than something you'd find at the drugstore
you couldn't even tell once my makeup was on
no, it is not.
perhaps i am using it wrong?
do you apply your primer over or under it?
i could spend $49 on anything else
i guess that's what i'll try to use it for next
but sadly, i cannot recommend it.
i really didn't like it
i just couldn't with this one
just didn't work for me.
unfortunately i will not be using this product anymore
if you can get past the smell
i don't like it.
i wouldn't pick this up again.
t didn't last long
which is probably why i break out every time i tried to use it
if it's a glow you want
this didn't really glow or anything
overall i wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
you can't escape it.
i couldn't get past it
if you want a good glow to your skin
so don't expect real results from that
i do like the way it makes my skin look
perhaps i am not using enough
t did half the job
i wouldn't recommend you waste your money on this
putting it on my face anymore
it definitely did not mega illuminate anything
i wouldn't purchase again due to not really illuminating
i can't even imagine what would happen to someone with sensitive skin
thought i could get over the smell but nope.
it didn't give me any glow
the fact that it smells so amazing sets off a major red flag: you don't want that much fragrance on your face
at least i don't.
also didn't do much to my skin personally
let me reemphasize that: your skin does not feel shiny or greasy
verdict: if you have combination skin like me
to spend $50 on a jar that size i expect something really good
why would you want your face to smell like cotton c
there's no way you can wear this alone.
i can't say i notice anything different
sadly, my skin does not.
it might be ok to add to a matte foundation if by chance one day you want a little illumination
i really do like this eye cream.
i don't want to open it
this did nothing for my eyes.
i don't see any difference in my eyes or the area around them
does not make any difference if i put it on or not
i would say it's just ok, nothing special.
i will continue to use the bottle to see if there's a difference
others that did not
unfortunately this did not
i honestly don't see the hype
if i didn't already have a favorite
it didn't change the game
not bad, but wouldn't buy again.
let me say it absolutely doesn't do either.
i definitely wouldn't recommend it for someone who has bad skin like me
i do not feel as if it does a good
very picky about what i put on my face
think that's silly to call it "2 in 1" when half of it doesn't even really work
they claim it's "gentle enough you can use it twice a day"
i think it's shameful that clinique is advertising this as something you can you twice a day
it still is damaging to your skin if you do it too much
if you're reading this
doesn't matter how "gentle" you think it is.
don't get it anywhere close to your eyes
it did leave my skin soft which is why it got any stars at all
it didn't help at all
this might not be the thing for you :/
it does exactly what i was expecting
i didn't care for this product.
all i really want is something that will take off my make up at the end of the day
this didn't do that
it does what the description says
it's really nothing better than what you could get from a drugstore br
i just didn't like this
maybe i just assumed from the name of the product that this would give me a "pep"
this one is not for me
i felt as though it did not do a great job at cleansing my skin
it doesn't leave a film on my face
can't use it to travel
although the jar does not hold much
i might be crazy
let me just say it's not my favourite
the second use was only because i didn't want to waste it
i couldn't bring myself to use it a third time
if you're curious then definitely purchase the smaller one to try it out
if you want a primer
then this is for you
i wouldn't bother getting it
it does go away
i didn't find it did anything for me at all
smell is fine it just didnt hold my make-up very well nor did i notice a difference in my skin
can't think of anyone i would recommend this to
i wanted to give it a try
it does not blur anything though.
if i used it on it's own
not even going to bother trying to make this product work
not a good product what so ever.
doesn't do anything except make my skin feel disgusting
definitely not for me.
this doesn't accomplish any of the three things it claims really
while it does what is promised
i can't tell that it's really much better or worse than using my normal moisturizer
sad to share but thought you should know.
usually when i don't care for a product i can imagine a skin type or trend that it might cater to wonderfully
i am honestly not quite sure who this particular product would best suit
i can't recommend it
so this doesn't apply well.
nothing special but does the job.
doesn't make me breakout as much
my makeup did not go on well over this
i usually don't take the time to write comments about products
didn't give me any moisture whatsoever.
if you're looking into this product, pass on it.
i get what they were trying to do here
something about their fun packaging always makes me want to run out
my makeup did not looked good that day.
i would definitely not recommended.
for me it doesn't help my makeup stay on any longer
i just wish it would have done everything the description stated
and i do think there's some blur going on.
i do not have on any makeup
it didn't do anything great for my skin
you cant just feel how much silicone is in here
i honestly feel like it made it very difficult to apply my makeup
it doesn't really do much
no matter how hard i squeezed nothing would come out
this doesn't do anything.
not sure i can even attempt to use the product do to how strong the scent is
i may be wrong
i didn't know why
my combination skin did not agree with this product
or at least be sure to get a sample or smell it in store to see if it you can st
it's a fail for me
i don't think this was a good choice for my skin type
i don't think it helped my skin at all
we just didn't mesh well
it's trying to do too much all in one cream
i would imagine anyone who needs that extra collagen
i think it's the fragrance that irritated my skin if they could get rid of the fragrance i think this would be an amazing product
not because of how it works on my skin
because the product simply does not come out of the bottle
can't enjoy something no matter how good it is if it doesn't come out
does it leave ur skin soft , yes .
it's not a bad smell per say it is just too strong to have all over your face
i think if you have great skin to start with
i couldn't use this long enough to see any collagen benefit because it made me break out
i would still recommend people try it because aside from my breaking out i like it
t might be great for you
didn't cause me to break out
didn't think my skin looked much better after use
i can see why people recoil at it
it does have a strong sent however i didn't mind it
i really have not been convinced to ask for a sample or buy it for that matter
i don't know what all the stink is about this months box is
'm not sure if it
i happen to really like the scent they use.
i don't think i'll use this again.
i did not find that it made them look any different
if you are prone to break outs i suggest you steer clear of this product
if you're one of the lucky people who don't have sensitive skin
don't break out with just about anything
this just doesn't do anything for me.
it doesn't do what it says it does
i probably will move on to something else
unfortunately, this did not work for me.
it didn't work at all
just put my makeup on top of it because i cant just wait around all day
i felt like it did absolutely nothing for my skin
i would not recommend for anyone with sensitive
hope this product works out for you if you choose to purchase
and it does not go away.
i wondered if it was the very hot
it just didn't work for my skin
i dont get how this product has so many good reviews
i would not try it again.
you could see it through my primer
i never give really bad reviews
don't waste your money!
they do not show up on your skin
i didn't like how it felt on my skin
i did not like it at all
this did not work for me
as i didn't want to spend $68 if it didn't work
i don't think it acts any differently than any other moisturizer
for $68, i want to notice a difference.
you can't see it on the skin
i did not like it
to tell you how sticky it was
not sure what it is about tatcha
then walked around looking at other stuff so that my thinking about it didn't cause a placebo effect lol
i gave it a try and it did not do much for me.
i did not like the way it felt on my face
certainly not all over the t zone
it does everything it says
i didn't like the formula either.
i hope it helps someone
not sure what i could do to get a different result
my skin didn't adversely react to it so that's always a plus
i didn't necessarily see anything miraculous with it either
it didn't bother my sensitive skin
i don't wanna order another one
have the same thing happen
i myself wouldn't recommend it if you have any sensitivity
i know if this is happening its not going to be meant for my type of skin
it didn't do super much for my skin
this product didn't do anything for me.
it did nothing for my skin
t wouldn't ever last me
i didn't notice anything spectacular with my skin
decided to give it a try
it doesn't seem to work well with my combination skin either
i don't recommend it to others
i don't see much of a difference in my skin
truthfully i have not used it regularly because of the smell
i don't usually break out
i do not think this product is worth $26.
i don't think i would recommend it to someone with my skin type
unfortunately this peel does not live up to the rest of the line
i did give it 3 stars because it's easy to apply
if you do use it
do not get this mask
didn't really see much of a difference
did not pay for this
i never thought it would fry me out
so okay, let's give it a try.
i do not recommend
i really dont think it did anything noticeable to my skin
and it didn't do any good to my skin
did nothing for my skin other than irritate it.
if you want to peel it off you have to apply 1/3 of the bottle to your face
i can't say much on the positive side
even then it's hard to remove
now i don't know if it would have been good or not because i'm all dried out
i don't think it works since it did not do anything to my skin
did absolutely nothing for my skin.
only thing it did was waste time.
you have to use too much to get a cool looking mask anyway
you will not get it all off in one
it's hard to apply and even harder to get off.
didn't do much for my skin.
t couldn't clean any
it's not doing anything positive to my face,
just not for me.
to say the least i still don't like peel offs
i would not use again
i didn't feel that
i didn't like that
i guess my issue was that it didn't do anything for my skin
i wanted to make it work
i would actually give this 3.5 stars.
i don't think i will buy it again because it's not quite what i want
i don't think this is worth the money
one great thing about it though is that it did not make me break out
i decided to give it a try
i figured it would sink in
thinking maybe that was what was wrong
it makes me reconsider the whole neogen line
please get a sample first to make sure you are not bothered by the fragrance like i am
it is not the easiest way to remove your eye make up either
does what is advertised
does not take off make up
you only really need half a pump
it does not linger
i used it once and it's going back.
i did not feel or see anything working for me
otherwise i don't think you should use something this strong
it wasn't doing anything for my skin
i did not return it
that's not a reason to stop using something
at least it didn't make me break out
because i didn't think a $50 mask with this little product was worth it
i did not notice either
f you don't like that you won't like this product
it does absolutely nothing for me
if u have very dry skin do yourself a favour
which i don't usually have a problem with
does not last all day
i can't tell if it's done anything for fine lines or is "uplifting " as it claims
don't try to layer anything else above it
i honestly don't think this is good at all.
either way i do not see the hype
i tried it anyway wanting to still give it a chance
did my skin feel firm, not really.
it didn't seem to make bother it
no it is not a wonder product
no maters how thin i apply or how long i wait to apply make up
i didn't use very much.
i don't recommend this for anyone.
did not like the product
i did not realize it contained so much perfume.
i didn't want to use 2 products
because it is pricey for what you get
this does not bother my skin
i would not try
many of the things i've tried do not agree with my skin
unfortunately it does not work on my skin type
i didn't like that at all
you would expect a full jar of this
i decided to give it a try
didn't think it was working if it wasn't rich
i decided to try again
i like the fact that it wouldn't break me out
i feel that i just can't use it anymore
'll have to now spend more to get something that will fix my skin
this product doesn't work for me.
didn't notice anything special about this one
it did the job
if you just really want to pay way too much for a cleansing oil
it'll do the job for the price that you could buy four others to do
this does not even compare
am not sure if maybe i am too young for this
it did not react well with my skin
i hope it's just my face getting used to the product
does not really st
i will most likely try something else when i'm done with this bottle
i rarely write negative reviews because what doesn't work for me might do wonders for you
it didn't do anything it claimed to.
i would not recommend this for no one!
i don't think it did much for my skin
i wouldn't use it again.
box and i didn't care much for it.
didn't help my skin much
it needs something on top of it if you want moisturization
i agree with someone else here who said that it felt like a serum combined with a moisturizer
just not for me.
i felt the need to give it a shot to see what it could do
i do not have sensitive skin whatsoever
don't think i would have tried this had it not been in my play box
i didn't really notice anything special
i can't get past that to really give the product a shot
wouldn't recommend this to anyone with sensitive skin
that's all i could use it for
f you gave sensitive skin please dont try this product
it didn't do anything
it didn't sit well under the foundation
sure enough i go to look at the ingredients
there's nothing appealing to me about anything else either
this one just does not do the trick
just doesn't do anything for my skin
where you want it
not sure yet if this is a coincidence
with my combo skin i don't know if this is the best option
i like it enough
i am sending this back because it does not mattify at all
i wanted to try it for myself because i heard this actually helps with acne too
this definitely still made me oily a lot i probably won't purchase again :
after i put it on, i can feel it.
a little does not go a long way.
it just didn't work for my skin type
not saying its bad just didn't work for me.
i wonder if i will ever find a product that works for me
it did nothing for me
this product just didn't work for my skin.
don't waste your money.
i do like the squeeze
'm not sure why it says online only
it does not cause any shine
i don't like this one nearly as much
it does not say what it does for me.
i truly have not found any other product at sephora that actually makes my skin matte like this one promises to do
if you use this alone
i don't think i would buy it again.
no matter what i did or how much of it i put on
i dont mind it
this product does nothing it said it would.
not only did it not live up to its "matte" claim
this product did not work for me at all.
does not mattify at all.
that i absolutely do not like
nothing to write home about
that would be ok if the finish looked good
did what it was supposed to do
i guess if you want to use this as sort of a cream highlight it would work
this product did nothing for my tired looking
i guess i expected there to be something in it that would tingle
that didn't help either
it didn't work for me
i don't recommend it.
i don't know if i could ever overlook the smell even though this oil worked
i don't know wether it works or not because i couldn't st
too bad to say i cant give a better review because it was the first
didn't do much for my complexion over all
for the price i feel like it should give me great skin
did not sink in
didn't see much improvement i was just going to finish it
alone i don't recommend it
don't get it for that
there's many other things that can make your face feel as soft
i don't think i'll be rebuying it
it didn't work for me
this one did not do it for my skin complexion
don't waste your money.
'm not sure if it is supposed to take a while to work or what
it just doesn't do anything at all on my skin
so this product was a big fail for me.
i don't even want to give this one star.
so i tried it.
i didn't think anything of it though.
dont buy this worst skin care product i have ever used
i didn't really notice a difference at all
don't even notice it
i can't give this a bad review
which it did not
it definitely hasn't done anything bad
maybe it's doing something i'm just not noticing or maybe my skin would be even worse without it
the oil did absolutely nothing.
it definitely did not help either
i don't think it is worth it at all
i did have to stop using it
what i don't like about this product is that it takes hours to soak into my skin no matter how little i put on
can't really comment on how it works
t pains me to even write this review
so maybe it was just my skin
if your going to be 80$
save your money because this will not do it for you
it did absolutely nothing to help it either
just didn't work for my skin.
this literally did nothing for my skin
honestly i can't even use it to give it a chance because the smell is that awful
sadly, this one did not produce for me.
just like any kind of natural or h
however i dont see any result.
i can work with it, but it's not my favorite.
it didn't bother my sensitive skin
not enough that i'd try it again
it has little bits of i don't know what in it
still didn't come off
it just didn't work for me
i don't think i would purchase this or have used it if it hadn't been in the play box
i don't see any results at all
mask smells good, not sure if it does anything.
why would you pay this much for something that feels like you made it at home?
does what it says
i don't think it does enough
did not do much.
the chunks don't seem to have any purpose
i cant imagine why they are even in there
the chunks can't possibly be doing that
i am very tempted to actaully run this through the blender to get rid of them
i found this did little to nothing for me
i think i need something a lot more abrasive.
t is kind of hard to apply
that doesn't seem to improve anything
it doesn't stay on your face
it literally did nothing to my skin as it claim to
but overall did not work for me.
it literally does nothing
if you want to get a good mask try glam glow products
this mask certainly did not want to come off my face
not sure how i feel about this product.
all i can say about this thing
you really shouldn't be able to use the word "chunk" in a face mask review
it did absolutely nothing to my skin
i think this is a mask i can live without
i am reluctant to do so
the mask is really nice if you want glowing skin
it did absolutely nothing for me
i didn't see any difference in my skin
can't go wrong with that
it didn't make me break out or anything or
it didn't do anything good for my skin either?
did not see any difference really
i did not understand this product at all!
you can do without this product
it didn't bother me
i just didn't see that it did much.
the only thing i can say is that i was tempted to eat it because of the texture
the chunks didn't bother me as much
after trying it not for me
i would have to agree with the others at this point i didn't notice anything different or any improvement at all
would not recommend this.
was not using anything else
i wanted to give it it's own chance
i would encourage you to still use it if it works for you
i don't know what it is in it that caused me to break out
t really didn't do anything for that
this did nothing for my oil control
it's definitely not the product i'd go to for evening out anything
used to be a wonder of a product that i'd recommend to everyone
make sure you're getting all the product out
i think it actually made me break out on top of everything
this version of the product really doesn't do much of anything except make me break out
i just used it alone with no makeup after to see how well it would do
he never comments on what i wear
i cannot speak to how long that lasts or to how moisturizing the actual product is because i simply couldn't stomach having it on my face any longer
so glad i did not buy this product as it would be going back to sephora
it wasn't what i expected.
this cream did nothing for me
i seriously can not put that much on my face
tata you wind up doing the same thing that everyone else did with phenoxyethanol
i wanted to try it out
for $85 it should do something amazing
and i honestly didn't notice any much difference.
i think it would be good for people who don't have dry skin
for the price i expect this to make my eyes look amazing
i would definitely recommend this if you suffer from dark circles
i would simply recommend another eye cream
whatever you do don't read the ingredient list
i got a sample instead just because i wasn't sure if it would deliver as much as other tata harper products do
the origins eye cream is much better if you want illuminating
didn't do much for my eyes.
alas it was a fail for me
i can feel this sitting on my skin no matter how little i apply
don't waste your money.
this may work better for you if you don't mind the shimmer factor
i wanted to give it a try
i would not suggest this one
i really do like this product
i find if you don't make this mask thick enough
it's not going to do much else than leave your skin hydrated
it is not the black mask, please understand that.
it literally did nothing for my skin
not sure if it still works the same.
or did they change the product completely?
you would probably only get a few uses out of it doing it that way
when i want to take it off
the bad reviews explaining that it didn't do anything i think we're expecting the same results as the black mask
didn't see any results.
t doesn't even matter
it just doesn't make my skin feel the same
i don't like it as much anymore
i find that it doesn't stick to my skin
i bet it would look good before you put on your makeup
i didn't like this product at all.
probably won't use again.
if you really want dramatic results that last
did nothing for my skin.
this is not anything like the old one
this product did not really work for me!
i feel like it doesn't address my actual undereye concerns
it doesn't work well with any of them
like someone else said
plz find something else.
couldn't even give it to my friends
do not spend your hard earned money on this!
3/4 of a jar left, and just cant use it :(
i really really want to like this cleanser
i don't think i can
i do as instructed
i don't know if it's because right now i'm only using this product
i don't really care much about it
thought i would give this a try
i don't know why
because of the good reviews on this product i decided to give this a try
i would not recommend
this doesn't work at all
i will be very upset if i can't return this horrible product
it says you're supposed to use about a pump for your whole face
if you don't need very much moisture this might work for you
that why i decided to try this products out
really want to like it but i just can't.
i can see how this doesn't agree with people who have sensitive skin
do not use if you have sensitive skin!!!!
this is definitely a product you want to trial first
this mask really didn't do much for hydration or anything else
i don't write too many reviews unless the product impacts me in some way
i couldn't make it the whole 10 minutes
i don't think it worked well for me
i just dont think it had any effects on my skin
unfortunately when i washed it off i couldn't see much of a difference
see if i change my mind on it
i figured it would be a good time to try something new to see if it helps
i'd notice if a product doesn't work
i don't really see much of a difference when i'm done
i really don't think it's done anything for my skin
i don't find that the mask does anything for my skin
it was more then enough for a good try because a little does go a long way
t should not bother anyone who might not like the warming sensation
'm guessing that is what happen with me
again you use a little
want to get point for your sephora account
so clearly there is something else in this that my skin just didn’t like
i would really suggest that
you do a spot test
this product is a fail for me.
just overall a fail for me
unfortunately, it didn't do anything for my skin.
i did not notice anything different afterwards.
i wanted to like it so so so so so bad
but it just didn't work for me.
i feel like it did so much better on all of my friends that i put it on
it just didn't make a difference
i won't be trying this brand again.
definitely wouldn't suggest it for anyone else who struggle with similar issues
it just didn't work for me
this doesnt really do it
if you're reading this please do something about this smell
it didn't go away
i felt it did nothing
unless you use it every day then it's going to be sitting around for a while
i can't continue to use this product.
but it didn't do anything for my skin.
i think if you have normal or oily skin this should be good
it didn't clear it up at all
that's why i wanted to try it
it doesn't do anything special.
how does that happen :
nothing else was good about the product either
this did absolutely nothing
it did nothing to prevent
gave it 2 stars purely because it didn't do anything bad to my skin
guess i should have expected this not to smell that great
definitely apply this at night so that others don't smell this on you
this spot treatment really did nothing for me
it would be worth it to ask for a sample to save yourself from returning
any less than that and it seems to do nothing.
i would recommend going to a sephora
it doesn't work for me
because i could tell a pimple was coming
this does nothing lol.
it doesn't do what it says.
i didn't find this to be a luminizer at all!
i expected something to give a glow-it didn't.
maybe that doesn't make sense
i don't think i would buy it again
i don't know if it normally comes like that
does not look at all natural
if i could give this no stars, i would.
it's just not what i wanted
'm hoping it doesn't end up breaking me out
do not waste 100 points trying this
it does work in taking off your make up
i don't know if it'll move dirt from your skin
not saying the product is bad
i don't feel that it really does too much of a difference to my skin to purchase
i would probably recommend this
i don't see any difference.
i do agree that it makes skin plump
so far don't see any difference
i don't usually like putting frangranced items on my face
i don't know if it from this product or a mask i use
it doesn't really do anything??
was hoping it would do *something* for my skin
don't waste your money.
it does not claim to do much
does do what it states that is why i gave 3 stars
there's nothing anywhere that i can find that says that this product won't clog your pores
i didn't really notice
u think u already removed all of them
did just as much
dosnt even do anything for your face
please save yourself the money
this product didn't really do anything at all lifting wise
i think it could just be a gimmick.
this is not for me
actually does something to your skin
when i actually tried it on
that's basically what i feel about this thing
im in my 20's so not much i can tell you about any wrinkles
it did nothing, fun to do but thats about it.
maybe that's why i broke out
i feel like you need a lot of product to cover your face well
it didn't necessarily do much to my skin in terms of its claims
i wouldn't use it again.
didn't like this at all
though it did make a mess
i guess i put too much on
save your money for something else
i do not recommend
it doesn't really do anything in terms of feeling
i never reach for this anymore because it is just too much work to take the dang thing off
wouldn't personally buy from my own reaction to the mask
i don't know if i would spend $75 on a fun moisturizer
they give you a w
t almost takes forever
you do not need to spend these many bucks on a gimmicky thing considering the full size product is expensive
therefore you could get your h
since it didn't seem to do anything i am really let down
if you think this will be fun my advice to you is: use lots of tissues
not sure why i needed to buy this
i decided to give this a try
i didn't see any difference after using one bottle
this did not do the trick.
if you want to treat yourself to a mini spa day i do highly recommend it
i can't see any difference in my skin
i say skip this one!
i do not feel like it made a difference
i am giving it 2 stars since it did not irritate my skin or make me break out
i don't notice any difference except that it is causing my skin to dry out :-/ boo
i really don't think i will re-purchase for this reason
if i notice any change i'll be sure to addend this review
i didn't like it.
i felt like i didn't put anything on my skin
it's possible that it could work for you
'm not out any $$
it does not do anything for my makeup
not good but not bad.
wouldnt but it again and not worth the money
i wanted to love this beforehand i even tried it.
so upset it didn't work for me :(
i don't know if i'd purchase again.
you might like this
after 2 years i didn't think it was doing everything it used to do for me
this cleanser just did not wow me.
it does the job.
so this didn't make a difference for me
i didn't notice anything spectacular with it beyond just being a moisturizer that didn't bother my skin
didn't make my foundation look different either
does not do much in terms of hydration....
it seriously does nothing in terms of hydration
just doesn't work for me
for the price it did not do what it claimed to do
i didn't notice the smell until i put it on my face
it didn't sink in either.
it did nothing for my face
for the price you would think it would help dry skin
it makes me feel like i have a mask on
to give it a good try
it might not be your thing
it didnt do anything negative like break me out
it also wasnt anything special
beyond that i don't know that it's actually doing much other than hydrating
i can't tell if it's doing anything
maybe it will work for someone else.
i really did not like it at all.
there is nothing it can do but breaking me out.
if it's doing anything i can't tell
not sure if i would play full price though.
i probably won't use this cream again
it didn't even make things better
didn't notice much else besides some added hydration
and this cream did nothing.
unfortunately it doesn't deliver
thought i would give this a try
i let me just add i do not have dry skin at all so this was a let down
will not re- purchase i think this product will be good for somebody with oily skin
it's not so good as the price you gotta pay.
of course like everyone else
i think just because something is more natural doesn't gurantee it will react well with your skin
it'll either make my skin beautiful or it will make me break out
i don't know exactly what ingredient made me break out
really can't say it improved my skin at all
i don't get it.
maybe i was expecting too much?
it just didn't feel that great on my skin
i think you might like it if you have oily skin.
to be honest i didn't notice a difference using this serum
it is expensive at $62 especially if you do not see a difference
t it just did not seem to do anything :/
it did nothing for my skin.
save yourself the money
i don't know if i see huge differences in my skin
did nothing but waste my money.
i got this when i don't want to wear makeup
didn't like this at all.
i can see that's not the case
this is something that i definitely will not even think about purchasing again
i ignored them thinking these people just didn't know what they were doing
it doesn't work the same
you can not use all over face alone or you will look like a ghost
unfortunately it didn't work well for me
i really would like a refund on this product because i can't even wear it out
i guess with all the silicants in it
it did not irritate me or anything though.
it did not cover it completely
i would not recommend!
i know there is more left
i wouldn't know because there isn't enough for a whole month
there is not enough to do your face neck
you can not open the bottle like you can on their other 2 serums- you definitely don't get to use all the product this way
good thing i guess is it didn't break me out either
so how does this hold up?
i can put it on my face
i know it affects everyone different so hopefully others won't have the same reaction as i did
this product does what it claims
i tried it another time thinking i didn't use enough
again it didn't work well for my eyes
while this does the trick to get rid of make up
at first i couldn't figure out why my skin was reacting so horribly
didn't like the feeling of it
wanted to try it out
it did nothing at all
sadly it does absolutely nothing for me
actually do their job
it does absolutely nothing.
it'll be just a waste of time
not only did it not help with pore coverage
i wouldn't really recommend this one
after using it a couple of time's i don't care for it
it takes a lot for me to write a review
either really good or really bad
it did absolutely nothing for my pores
i don't know if i got a bad batch or something
if anything my makeup looked worse when i used this
it literally does nothing for my face
it didn't work at all on my face
s something wrong with the formula
my foundation wouldn't go on smoothly no matter how much i blended
this stuff did not help anything
if anything i think it made my make up look worse
it didn't helped me too much.
did nothing else what it proclaims to do
figured i would give it a go
it did nothing for my eyes
i used the entire jar because i'm not one of those whiny people that cries because they didn't see results after 5 days
i know it won't erase them
it doesn't do anything for my skin.
if you apply just a little bit
you won't see any changes at all
this is not it
this was a fail for me
it did absolutely nothing for my under eye area!
makeup didn't sit any differently on the area
don't bother wasting your money on this junk.
don't really need this
no change on anything i actually wanted to fix
it didn't do anything it's supposed to do.
upon using it, i didn't notice any change at all.
i know this was to blame
honestly i didn't even think it was the cream until i read more comments stating the same thing
he didn't see a difference either
the worst part is that i can't use it very often or it makes my skin really irritated which makes me wonder what the heck is in it
for me this product did not sit well under my makeup
it doesn't do anything
it did feel nice while i was applying it
i wouldn't recommend this product
i will like you can see more creases
if you're anything like me
this cream did not work for me
decided to give it a try
it doesn't smell great but that didn't bother me.
unfortunately this eye cream does nothing for me
don't find it to be all that wonderful
if i could return it, i would.
even though it is ok
didn't see any difference in my under eye bags which aren't that bad
even if is not written
'm not sure what caused this
i really don't understand the hype on this one.
i really thought this product would diminish them
sadly after 7 days the only thing it does is moisturizers which i can spend $10 on a product that does the same
don't waste your money on this!
it doesn't do anything for my dark circles
this just didn't work for me
it does nothing for either problem
i decided to try it out
i would not recommend this product.
i don't want to keep using even if it does help my skin because i can't st
this cream delivered everything i would want
will never recommend this to anyone
it didn't work for me
my skin did look better
acne is just not something i'm willing to deal with no matter how great the product does on my wrinkles
it just doesn't do it for me
i decided to try this
it didn't do that much for my face
could not figure out why as i have not done anything different in my routine except this cream morning
it just didn't work for me
would not recommend to anyone that does not have extremely dry skin
does not absorb at all
it does seem to help a little
i just don't think this is the product for me.
you cannot use it all over your face.
i don't know if it helped
made it worse or did nothing
it did nothing for me
i don't think this product lets your skin "breathe"
i guess the mantra is it either works miracles or nothing at all
something that never happens with my other cream that i cheated on with this one
read some reviews and decided to give it a try.
it did not do the trick
i found the cream didn't do anything for me
this cream didn't do anything for me
unfortunately i find it did absolutely nothing to help my skin
but it really didn't do much.
you only need a little bit.
this cream doesn't really help it.
really didn't see or feel any difference in my skin
perhaps it just doesn't work for everyone!
i can't continue to use it
it didn't do much for me
it didn't break me out
it didn't make my skin look any better
maybe i will appreciate it more when winter comes
i will keep trying to use it to see if my opinion changes
it does what it is supposed to do
don't know how they would compare
initially it didn't bother me much
if i'm going to spend $50 on a product i expect to love it
thought i would give it a try
i like doing that
don't feel i have to use something i don't like
this product fails to do everything it says is can
it didn't quite work out.
i only had to try it once to know it was not for me
you need to put powder over it if you don't want a shiny face
this is a no-go for me.
i figured it'd be good to use on my red days
don't waste your time or money
it does have an spf though
which i didn't realize at first
though they probably wouldn't need this anyway
completely contrasting what i thought the product would do for me based on it's description
my foundation before i let anyone see me every day
i would never just wear it alone since it doesn't provide much coverage
i do not recommend.
then whatever else you have on your face
you can tell from a mile away their is a product on your face even if you put a small amount on
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
this does not cover them
i just don't like it at all
this did not work for me at all.
it did nothing of the sort
my only question is
which i never do.
i found any makeup i used on top didn't sit well or look good
not enough or well enough to spend this kind of money
just wasn't going to work for me, at all.
otherwise, you might end up like me.
it isn't really helping either
doesn't really seem to do much other than that though
didn't think this was causing it
it didn't last very long for me
this really didn't help that much
u end up pulling your skin alot
didn't know what to expect
), and didn't work for me.
unfortunately i did not like this balm
although that doesn't bother me as i typically do that with balms anyway
this did not irritate my face or cause a breakout
i just don't love it either
doesn't feel like there is any tug on my skin
there's nothing that really made me feel like it would be my next choice to purchase
can't say if it will break my out
i do use a cleaner after this anyway
i want to love it but i just don't.
it just didn't work for me
was worried about what it might do to our plumbing
try it out myself
i unfortunately cant say that this product has done anything for me
the negative i would have to say is that the consistency makes me cringe
i do find that it does do what it claims to do
i honestly don't notice a difference when i use this versus when i don't
i am seriously debating returning it because $38 is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing for me
i unfortunately did not notice any instant results from this
everyone's skin is different so even though i didn't have great results it doesn't mean that others won't
it makes me want to throw up immediately
what's really making me take away two stars is that everytime i use it
not sure what is going on (too oily?)
as it does not absorb
i didn't notice anything special
if you rub your face or apply anything over top
maybe this will work for you
this finish does not play well when you try to spread something over top
i don't have many lines
so this isn't something i would have considered using if i hadn't gotten the sample
that it didn't give me any new breakouts
it didn't work for me
please listen to those of us who say it smells bad
it's expeennnsive for what it does
not for me at all and definitely not worth $58
that wouldn't do me much good
smell it in the store before you commit folks.
it won't make you gag unless you are super sensitive
it does not absorb well
if you read this review
i definitely will not purchase this or even try it again
it completely did the opposite to me
i definitely do not recommend.
if it doesn't work
unfortunately it didn't live up to claims
i just doesn't smell good which made me less likely to want to put this on night after night
it just does not work for me
no matter how long i wait
the product is just "ok" for the money.
it did not work for me
i found that even if i let it set for awhile before applying my foundation
then maybe not so much
i just didn't get what was so new
i didn't feel this was worth it.
this product does go a long way for your buck
other than that, don't waste your money
not sure if this firmed or not
it didn't help at all
i definitely would not recommend
i did not like it all
it didn't have a small
as i have skin that's on the dry/combo side i figured i wouldn't really need to use this
it did literally nothing
don't waste your money on something so pricey that literally does nothing
this product is an absolute no go for me bc it didn't do what it claimed
this is not for you
i can't imagine what i'd be going through if i had actually put it on my face
i don't think i'll buy it again though
it does not clarify definitely.
this product doesn't get all of my make-up off
not that i can tell
would not recommend this product to anyone.
i love the regular when hope is not enough
didn't know what to expect
the bottle is so small i feel you'd go through it really fast
but definitely give it a try you might love it!
just not for me.
i think when i run out i'm going to find something else
let me repeat that.
hard to apply for me
does not feel good on my face
you really have to work it into your skin so that all of the white is gone
i did not like it
it was not okay
if i could say one positive thing about this moisturizer
definitely not for me.
i don't know how to feel about this
maybe it will work for you.
really hard to get it even on my face
did not smooth out
what is worse is that it did nothing
no wonder as it did nothing
wouldn't recommend this if your skin is easily irritated
it just didn't do anything for me
i left it on anyways
i got this thinking it would be perfect since it says it's for any
every time i apply this, i break out like crazy.
this doesn't happen with any other face creams i've tried
does not make your skin feel anything
i would not recommend.
didnt notice anything that would wow me
if you wash it off immediately, you won't notice.
i like to leave it one
more expensive obviously doesn't always mean better
i like it so far
the only thing i didn't like was the fact that it made my face super dry
not sure if that's what it's supposed to do
i would recommend this if you do not wear any waterproof eye make-up
doesn't mean i don't think it will be great for others
i wouldn't say it helps my skin more than that
just not for me
maybe it's because what i use now
definitely won't use again.
i do not like putting oil on my face
i would recommend this product to anyone looking to change up their skin care routine
didn't bother my eyes
i didn't find it very special
i don't think i'd purchase these
it's all i could think about it
so even if it cleansed well it didn't do it for me
i did just that
this didn't do it
like who doesn't want to try something from erno laszlo?
something didn't go well with my skin
so this was something i wanted to try
it might be a good option if you don't mind using a bar soap on your face
because the bar doesn't help
i wasn't going to eat it
i can honestly say i don't ever get break outs
something just didn't agree with my chemistry.
i would definitely not recommend this to anyone with dry skin
it does give me a pimple here
theres absolutely nothing wrong with these products
i just feel like for the money
it does not work the eye area which i dislike
i didn't want to continue using it
said she would recommend it to everyone
i hate that the oil does not have a pump.
i certainly would not recommend to anyone with sensitive skin
i did not like the feel of either the bar or the oil
'm gonna give it time to see if i will repurchase
i would recommend that you try it yourself
see if it works well for you
i didn't really understand the oil either.
i don't really like the individual products
they were good but they didn't wow me.
i don't think this is the right formula for me.
this did not seem to actually clean my skin
i wouldn't go out of my way to purchase this set.
this mask annoyed me so much that at the time i didn't even notice i just wanted it off my face
i don't know if this is a mask you have to use multiple times to see a result
if it is i didn't see one since i used it once
i did only use it once
i don't find that it's really done anything for me
price not worth for eye cream that i do not see any difference in
personally i don't see any changes
the same thing happened
i didn't see any difference with this
any eye cream can do that
i tried to get used to it
i don't think i saw any difference
it didn't make anything worse
but it definitely didn't improve anything either.
it didn't do anything
yeah it did a fine job
i don't think it worked well for the price
even if that's not the intention
it's not something i would buy
do not waste your money on this!
i would not recommend this at all.
'm always trying to go more for a matte-finish
if you're like me
don't get this product
i would recommend this product to someone who likes sparkles all over
didn't waste my money on this
but this product is a let down.
so unless you want glitter all over your face don't buy it
it has so much sparkle in it i can't even go in public
don't like this product unless i use a small amount of it
so i probably wouldn't use it on its own.
if i was 10 again then i'd probably think it was cool
i don't hate it, but there was way too much glow.
i don't see how this could work as a moisturizer.
really pretty if you want to look like a unicorn all day
omg there is just so much wrong with this moisturizer i don't know where to start
maybe someone with different skin
i tried to do so
unless you want to have an arts
do not go anywhere near this
anyone who says otherwise must really love glitter
do not even think about it
thought we could upload picture.
i would give this zero stars if i could.
just not for my skin i guess.
just don't do the job that the br
definitely not for me
i don't understand how this is a beauty trend.
not at all what i'd expect from tarte
i didn't notice anything
if you want to look like a disco ball than this is the product for you
good luck to you all if that's the look your going for
maybe you've noticed that the reviews can go two ways
it didn't do anything except moisturize for me
but if i did, i would return it asap.
for anyone who thinks this will for you a subtle glow or a lot from within look
if i could give zero stars i would
did not like this at all.
it just did absolutely nothing for me
it just did not do what it says
was not a fan of that either
ii would like to mention that i do not write reviews
i do not want my entire face to me highlighted
so let me tell you.
this isn't one of them
i can see a little sparkle which i don't care for
i don't ever see myself using it alone
i do not recommend this product.
the only way i can see myself using this product is for my body in the summer time when i want to look more glowy
thought i'd give this one a try
never did i think it would just be a bunch of glitter
if you like glitter, go for it.
s if you apply it to your face
i would not recommend to anyone to use this as a regular moisturizer unless you want to be a disco ball fiasco
i did not see this after i applied foundation so the shimmer didn't matter anyway
it did not go on smoothly.
this did absolutely nothing for me.
i didn't see any difference.
you don't need much
don't waste your time
i wish i could return this however i don't have the box to it
ladies do not waste your money on this.
not sure if i would buy this again.
want something that feels like a primer
if you need a quick fix this might be the eye cream for you
i think that this is good to use if you have normal skin under your eyes
i cannot justify the price of this because it isn't life changing for me or something i find necessary as an extra step in my routine
it didn’t do anything that other br
i don't really know how i feel about this product
anyone else feel this way?
i didn't see too much of a difference
i did like the consistency
this product is great for when your eyes need a little refresher / when you haven't gotten much sleep
i did not see any instant results when using this product
i don't think i like it enough to stick with it to see long term results
i don't feel like i can really give a quality review on a week of testing this
that said this one didn't work for me.
for me this product did not work.
unfortunately i did not
not intense or anything, but certainly a little.
it didn't do the job.
is the reason why
i think i might gift it to my mom who doesn't wear makeup
i don't see any difference
kind of bummed was hopeing it would work or at least help
i didn't like how oily it was.
i really couldn't use the product long anough to see if it made any difference
does basically nothing otherwise
way too expensive to not actually be doing anything
otherwise don't waste your money.
i wasnt too sure what this product would do before i got it
did not use it any longer because of this
that does not in anyway influence my opinion on products
i didn't see much of a difference with this cream
it's not an item that really fits my routine or my concerns
don't know if makeup would run with it or not
couldn't really tell a difference
just not something i need at the moment.
the problem for me was that it just didn't agree with my skin
it just didn't work
didn't see any difference.
it doesn't make me break out
not sure about this price point tho.
so maybe that's why it didn't do anything for me
this did nothing for me.
don't think absorb fast enough.
it certainly doesn't firm either
this doesn't seem to help me.
i give it two stars because it does not erase or fix fine lines
enough to write my first review
that's all it really claims to do
i prefer to look for it somewhere else
my skin is not what you would consider dry
maybe it'll work better if you don't have adult acne?
if this was around the $30 i might buy it just because my skin feels nice to the touch
my skin did not feel any different the next morning
i can't complain with how my skin looks in the morning
it didn't do anything special for me of course since my age
it doesn't do anything special
i didn't dare put it on my face
i would not recommend this to anyone.
while i like the results i can't see myself paying for something that smells like this
i couldn't find a way to only use this.
i mean it's such a minuscule amount i can use that i very strong doubts that's it doing anything beneficial for my skin
move on to something else
this does not work for me
i do not want people to see my skin like that
if anything it makes them stick out even more
this one didn't really do it for me.
which is really what i look for when choosing a primer
i do not like this item for my skin
that exactly what this did to my skin when i tried to use it as a primer
unfortunately it just did not do what i thought it would
now i realize that the formulation must have either changed or maybe i got a funky tube?
my skin doesn't look like it did from the product in the sample
i wouldn't say there's anything necessarily priming about it
yeah if you got a sample
not gonna lie i feel kind of duped
not sure what's up with that
this was a no go for me
it doesn't really do much else
if it didn't give me pimples i would have liked it
for some reason it wants to sit on top of my skin around my t zone
i tried to give it a chance
this just didn't work
it just wouldn't sit on parts of my face
i also tried letting it sit for awhile
this just did not agree with my skin.
know whether something will work for me within a week
i loved the feel of it though because it felt like it could really lock on foundation
i don't think it helped my foundation stay put
doesn't work well as a primer on my skin it didn't hold any foundation
this did absolutely nothing as a primer
though ingredients do not mention any
i didn't wear make up the next day either.
i don't know what was in this that didn't agree with me
no matter what i would do or how little i would use it would pill up on my skin
it did the same thing
did not do much at all for me.
thought maybe i had put too much on
sadly it did not work for me
just didn't deliver what it advertised
this is not for you
anyone else have this issue?
i'll try something else next.
i wouldn't try it
i really don't recommend this.
it was hard to tell if it was really cleaning the face
it takes so much to do anything
i don't want to spend money on skin care because it smells good
which is the opposite of what it's supposed to do
it doesn't smell good nor does it make you face feel clean
i don't think i'd ever buy this again.
i didn't know it was so gentle
i can't speak for the others
also didn't really see any difference
if you can afford it
they did not seem right because it did not say to rinse
did not agree with me at all.
it does not do any of the other claims
this does not rewind time at all
this honestly did nothing to hide them
the product did nothing to my skin.
not sure if it's doing anything to my skin
depending on why you're using it
it doesn't do much outside of that.
it didn't break me out.
leaving me wondering whether or not i applied enough
this product or why it didn't work for me
this product didn't do anything.
based on the other rave reviews i would definitely say it's worth trying it out for yourself
i do not recommend this product.
ask for a sample just so you know if you like this formula or not before investing a lot of money
this product unfortunately did not work for me.
i honestly couldn't tell too much of a difference
i probably wouldn't even use this as an am moisturizer because it would then go under my makeup
if anything i'd stick with using it on my h
i wanted to try something new
this unfortunately is not it
thats why i'm giving it at least two stars
im not sure about the primer part of it
i definitely recommend this product if you have combo skin
i wish this didn't have a scent because it seems like it would be a great product
the product left glitter all over my face that didn't want to come off no matter what i did to remove it
i don't think that i've ever purchased a skin product that actually made my skin look worse
i know what i want
i don't hate it but i won't buy again
it didn't do anything
it doesn't blend with anything i put on top of it
it just doesn't do anything
i did not see any difference using it
when i go to apply my foundation
i wanted to give it a chance
you can get a dupe or something better
when you apply some to your h
you can feel it right when you put it on.
you can totally feel the 'cones upon application
i actually like this.
nope did the same thing
this just doesn't do it for me
for those of you who don't know
it didn't do much of anything
didn't irritate or anything though.
it's great for everyday use when u don't need to be made up
it is not that
i didn't really notice much of a difference after trying the product
i like to wear a little eye eye make up every day if i can
i needed something to even out my skin tone that wont clog my porres
i apply only where needed so you can tell if you really look i used something on my face
it doesn't work for me
definitely not my go-to choice for primers
it did seem to even out my color
i could not tell that this did anything to help my pores look smaller
just could not st
did not do anything for my skin
i didn't notice anything
when i did use it
i think this might work if you have really oily skin
let me start out by saying i have sensitive skin
it does do what it says
i didn't find it useful​ as a primer.
this stuff does work.
not enough to offend or ruin your look
i actually do like the product itself
i think it does a good job mattifying on contact
i don't think this is it.
i do not recommend applying this before
maybe i am using this wrong.
so i don't think there is much product.
this did absolutely nothing for my pores
this didn't work out for me
there's no way to use this over foundation to mattify
i gave it two stars because i guess if your just using it to mattify your skin with out any foundation
otherwise i would pass
i am not sensitive whatsoever
would not recommend this to anyone
thinking that an actual $500 could get me all the full size products makes me angry
does not seem to absorb well
was surprised it didn't really absorb it
it just smells so much like sunscreen which is something else that i did not like
i am not sure if i would actually buy this product
i want to try the pep-start hydroblur
wanted something with spf
not sure if it was the spf in it or what
my skin just wouldn't take it all in
it's not doing your skin any favors
that does not mean it is not taking place
i don't really have fine lines yet
but i don't see much difference with it.
even if it does
it seems to happen with aha
still want to try out other drunk elephant products
it just was not worth it to me for the price if it isn't going to do anything for my skin
it just does not work for me
it didn't work for me at all
does nothing it claims to do.
did not get absorbed
the good news is this did not break me out
so unfortunately i don't know what happened
do i want to be red or old?
i honestly see no difference with this product.
unless the item really messes me up then i pass it on or in last
i would say it's at least safe to try.
this product did nothing for me
i am sure it depends on your skin.
that's ok, i thought, it will probably resolve.
i could not run to the sink fast enough to get it off
i cannot imagine what would have happened.
i wasn't too sure about it in store
figured i should give it a go
this just goes to show you not all skin is the same
first let me say that when i received it
yes with boscia products because i really do like them
i decided not to use anything
can honestly say i'm let down by this product
it didn't dry me out per say
it didn't give me any benefits
this time it didn't work.
i guess first thing i'm asking next time about is organic products
does not feel too heavy
i don't feel that it does much for my skin
i would not recommend.
forget trying to apply a foundation over it.
i can say that it absorbs really quickly
this did absolutely nothing.
it just did not absorb
i feel like this product doesn't compare to it
i don't find that it has done anything noticeably different for my combo skin
while this product is not terrible it did not amaze me either
josie marian may need to rethink that one.
milk to get the results i want
i can't imagine that this concentrate will truly work better than the argan oil for any skin type
it did not do anything more or different then regular argan oil
would gladly spend more if it did what it claimed
it doesn't do any of the things that it claims
if you tend to break out this will just contri
i did not see any difference it is just a regular face oil
expensive for what it does
if you're debating ordering it i'd say order the regular argan oil
i can't even tell you if this works well or what it does because i had to wash it off my face within 5 seconds
see what you think
unfortunately i can't speak to the long term benefits of this cream because my skin didn't do well with it
it just didn't work for me
did not see much difference
so, i did like this product.
however, i don't think my skin did.
did anyone else experience white bumps from this?
it costs wayyyy too much for what it does
i dont wear make up everday
just to know which ones arent working for me
i need a product like this
i don't usually react like this
it's not something i'd want to keep using on my face
rritated that i can't put any cream on it
if you use it, maybe don't use it everyday.
i feel like this is something you could use every other day
no matter what i do
i'll report back if my skin doesn't clear up as i expect it to
i don't ever use this product in the morning because it feels like it would definitely make makeup move around like crazy
i don't think i'd buy this again
i dont know what to do with this jar since i couldnt return or use it anymore
i can't imagine ever using this during the summer
i still say give it a try
i just think my skin didn't like it
would definitely recommend trying it
don't be shocked if your skin doesn't like it
i guess my face just didn't like it
hopefully it can work for you
so you don't need to use much at all
i honestly have no clue how i'm going to use it all up
it really did nothing to make my skin look
don't have wear it at night anymore
i would if the maybe the formula
don't waste your money on this.
i don't think it really helps it either
considering this is supposed to be for sensitive skin i would expect it not to burn like crazy when a tiny bit gets in my eyes
it definitely does not agree with my skin.
this does not happen with any other cleanser.
there is nothing really wrong with this cleanser
this cleanser really doesn't do anything
i would no repurchase myself because it did not work for me
i find it works okay
what i can't get past though
it does absolutely nothing
this cleanser did the opposite of what it's suppose to do
it didn't feel dirty either
i always like trying new things
all i want it's to get my skin back
cannot say for sure which caused the issue
did not do anything to correct the dark circles
you do not see it
when you put it on
it doesn't go on smoothly
once you get it on
i don't see any difference in anything that it is supposed to improve upon
sadly, i did not.
no one product will do the trick for you
i honestly do not get the price tag
it doesn't give me that wow factor?
do the same if not more
f you have the means you should try it in your lifetime
this just did not work to keep it matte
if you want something light weight then this is for you
don't reach for it too much
it didn't do anything special for my skin.
did not change anything about my skin
it proofs how with good marketing you can sell garbage to stupid rich people
you could go to the drugstore
get the same stuff
thinking that maybe i'm missing something
you may want to try that one instead
don't spend your money on this
not sure why this didn't work for me like everyone else
it did absolutely nothing for my skin.
it doesn't feel bad putting it on
it didn't make my skin better or worse
it literally did nothing.
i don't know how i missed this
hmm i don't know how i feel about this.
i didn't see any difference in my skin
not enough to make me keep using this
i didn't see a change good or bad
i decided to give it a try anyway because i generally like the philosophy br
i do not recommend.
the same thing happened
would not recommend it for that skin type
i didn't realize this was the same as 100 pt perk reward
odd because i thought you have to mix this
time will tell i guess
if you do want smoother skin with smaller pores on those days when you don't want to put make-up on
then this is for you
it didn't work wonders for me like i had hoped
i tried both and didn't love either way.
i don't recommend this
t doesn't do much for my skin
i would recommend this product to someone who likes to walk out of the house with no makeup on
i suggest applying a little bit because the more u apply
it did an okay job
not like when i use this product
what is what meant for
i don't really see the value in this product
when you put it on
however it just didn't seem well suited to my skin type
i’m not quite sure what to think of this product
it just didn't work for me
i really don't think this is meant for dry skin
it didn't do much for me
dark circles -don't have them so don't know
i don't think i'll be able to stomach using this product long enough to give it a full
it just didn't do anything
this product did absolutely nothing
they trick you because you only get 1/4 of the bottle because there's a piece of plastic in there
loosing hope i'll find anything to help!
i didn't notice any results beyond that
everytime i buy eye creams to see if it works i always try it out on one eye first
maybe i didn't give it enough time?
so you're getting much less product than you'd think by just looking at the picture
i don't see any difference
don't think will buy it again
it did help my dark circles better than if i had not used anything
unfortunately this didn't do much for that nor my fine lines
i recommend to sample it before spending your money to see if it works for you
unfortunately something in this does not agree with my skin
what i normally like to do
i don't return things but i returned this.
continued to use it bc reviews on this will make you a believer
i think i am going to return this one..
they look exactly the same
i guess it doesn't agree with my sensitive
a little goes a long way i'm not kidding if you use more than two drops you will feel like a cooked chicken
this does absolutely nothing for me
i didn't realize how small this is
i don't think i love it either
they have a really strange smell when you apply them to your face
i can honestly say i use it
f you're not that oily it may work for you
i don't know if this cream helps with lines
don't get me wrong
my skin isn't getting any better
i don't see any difference
y'all should get that.
it really didn't work for me
mind you i do not use makeup
it was just not for me
makes me break out even more.
doesn't leave my face clear like other products i used
just didn't work like i expected.
i would not reccomend this to anyone with my skin type
i don't think i would purchase
i really didn't like it
it really didn't do much for my skin
i don't think i would get this cleanser again.
whatever you can name for skin types
thought i'd try it out
didn't do anything as far as oil control goes
no matter what amount i use it leaves me shiny
the other parts of my face feel as though they're still gonna crack
i think that might be why.
both of which i love because they do not overdry my skin
have yet to find a moisturizer that does what it claims to do
i did notice that it didn't make me as oily
it did it again
i also thought that it did matify my skin.
that's about the best thing i can say about it
i think this one is going back to the store
my skin did not react well to the formula
how it felt going on
i tried it 3 times and did not like it at all.
it just did not work for my skin
it didn't work for me
unfortunately it did not work for me
was disappointed because this is just a normal moisturizer that doesn't do anything to control my oil
just the same i can't use it even by itself without makeup
didn't make me breakout
i will give my honest opinion
for me, it didn't bother me.
i wouldn't recommend if you have sensitive skin.
wasn't sure what to expect with this product
i didn't really notice a difference with this
you have to go the store to try out!
i do like o apply it before my makeup because it's not too heavy
every time it would go on my
this product did absolutely nothing for my skin
honestly i didn't notice a difference
maybe you have to keep buying it to see a difference
unless you've done a lot of research
sometimes i would get a ton
i usually don't take the time to write a review
i don't think it made my skin any brighter.
i do not recommend this product
if you choose to use it because you have good experiences with clinique
i can't really tell if this is doing anything for my skin
i don't think it was my fault but you never know.
you are supposed to shake the product every time you use it because it needs to mix
this truly did nothing
it sure didn't do anything to moisturize it
it did nothing at all for me
someone with mature skin might want to stay away
i do not get close to my actual eyes with this
i don't see any lasting results
maybe it takes longer to show any effects.
it just didn't work for me
i don't think is for everyone
i could be wrong
just didn't work for me
one star for if you can get this stuff to blend into
this is not for you
probably would not repurchase because it doesn't does really moisturize
i seriously can't even tell there's moisturizer in the product because when you apply it
you can definitely tell it is make up.
this one doesn't work for me
i wouldn't know because i'm too fair to use it
it doesn't do anything
i don't see any changes yet
t doesn't qualify as "miracle"
i don't think it was for me
i would definately try it before you buy it
don't actually have any real wrinkles
it also did nothing to my skin other than to break me out
didn't do anything special
i did use it one day
thought for my next round i would try the vineactive mainly b/c my skin tends to get used to something
i rarely return anything
see if my skin got used to it
i want to be able to do that for others
this one in particular doesn't make the cut for me
doesn't seem to do much else though.
it doesn't last long either
i would never buy this product again because it's so bad
this particular line did nothing for me
this particular line did nothing for me
what i found is it does not seem to do anything for me
not great, but not bad either.
it didn't do anything awful to my skin
it just didn't do anything at all
nothing else really wrong with it.
i wouldn't recommend every day use
please don't waste your money.
thought this would be okay
i can't put it on my face otherwise i break out
i agree with other reviews on how it make ur foundation look better
if it doesn't work
you can always return it
it didn't really do much for my skin.
you can go to health store
i decided i needed to try this stuff out
i never get them
i won't be ordering anymore
it did not show enough results for me to justify buying it again
don't waste your money
it did nothing to my skin
that's the only thing i would use it for
it did absolutely nothing!
i didn't even use that much.
i don't know if it works better for people with dry skin
definitely not what i thought it would be for my face
if you don't use a beauty oil don't bother
not only that it does not absorb
definitely not something i want to put on my face
i will not be returning as i can say that i do love it for my lips before applying lipstick
i am not entirely sure what the purpose of this oil is
t can give my highlighter more a dramatic look which is did
honestly i dont know what the big fuss is about.
maybe is just an oily primer to wear before makeup which seems to be the reason people buy it anyways
it does not make your skin any clearer
to me this oil did nothing
did not make a difference in my make up application
that also doesn't do anything for me either
#notimpressed it literally did nothing for me skin
you know what i will exchange it lol
i really wanted to try this oil
then my skin don't have any difference then i start think well maybe it's just an oil for use with foundations then at my 3 day i use it again expecting that glow
unfortunately the hype it's bigger that the expectations maybe you should try it before buy it
i hope this review helps someone save money.
this product does not do anything to warrant the cost
didn't make me break out or anything
hadn't added anything new to my routine
it honestly didn't do much for me
still not sure how i feel about this serum
does absolutely nothing, i hate this so much
it breaks me out every time i use this
i wouldn't recommend this if you have sensitive skin
this did nothing for me
was a fail for me
big fail for me
did absolutely nothing for my skin.
not sure how people say this smells good did i get a dud?
for me, it didn't do much.
i suggest you try it first
tried it, and it did absolutely nothing for me.
in reality it did not do much for me personally.
i would not recommend this product.
t do much for my fine line
although it does sink right in
if i could put zero, i would.
it did nothing for my skin
as a serum i don't think it does much for my skin
i don't understand the hype of it personally.
i don't mind that at all
do not recommend this at all.
it's very obvious that they did it based on whatever benefits they get
if anyone has any suggestions please let me know.
it just doesn't seem to work for me
sadly i don't think this is something i'll re-purchase
it did feel tacky when i let it sit
don't get me wrong
the fact that i can still smell it on me tells me it's still on my face
not sure if this actually works used it twice
didn't do anything to make my foundation go on better/stay longer
i know some people said it does for them
it didn't for me
know how it works
it's supposed to go on your face
don't see the benefits of it
i knew there was no way i was going to put it on my face
i didn't feel as though this did anything for my skin
this just didn't perform for me.
if you test it with half your face
i do not really know what i was expecting for this to do
does nothing as a primer.
i don't even know how this stuff has been hyped so much
it did absolutely nothing for my face
i do not use foundation
it didn't make my make up look any better or worse
how little it does as a primer
it just didn't work for me
i didn't like how it felt when on my skin
this product doesn't do anything
couldn't wait to try it
it really didn't do anything for me.
it didn't make my makeup better or worse.
it didn't make my face break out terribly
this just didn't do anything for me.
it didn't make much of a difference in the finish of my makeup
i so not recommend it
i don't really notice no benefits from it thinking about returning it
i d not feel it did much other than sink into my skin
now i do not have sensitive skin
t does not bother me
it may for someone who does
i didn't notice it doing anything for my skin.
just like everyone else here
i wanted to like it but i just can't.
it did remove all the makeup so that's the only thing i liked
told me if that doesn't help to return the product
this isn't one of them
to be honest i really don't see any glow on my skin after application
if you choose to use it that way
the product really doesn't stand out in any way.
i wholeheartedly recommend anyone try their masks
does not have the luxurious feel
hardly did anything at all
won't be using it anymore
which i was dumb enough not to realize until i looked in the mirror one day
this is not the one i see myself buying time
if i put it on
wish i could get my money back.
i can no longer wear it
for the age denfese not sure how well that part works tho
i would recommend doing what i did
i would probably pass on this
i would really love for origins to go back to the original formula please
no matter how long i wait for it to sink in
asked me why my face was sticky
not sure why they ruined a good thing.
i didn't see much of a difference after using this
i don't feel like it did anything for my pores at all
that, i did not enjoy.
it also fails to do the one job it was created to do: it doesn't hydrate at all
i assume that is because sephora does not want my negative review on this item
i didn't changed anything in my routine except trying this
it does the job
i don't know how to describe it
i didn't feel like it was doing a thorough cleansing
a few things i wish though
this product is not for you
can't speak to how well it works
did not do anything for my pores at all.
i figured i might as well try another time because it does say two uses
i just cannot shake them
i know this doesn't bother everyone
at least for me it didn't
if you tried to apply anything over it
i wish they'd bring back the other one.
so it didn't do anything for me!
why ask for your costumers to write reviews of all you do is delete them
i don't just mean when i put it on
i sadly won't be able to use it.
if you really want it find it in store or somewhere else
i don't feel like it does anything for my skin
unfortunately, it didn't do anything for my skin.
did this cause me to break out?
but can i definitely say it helped my skin?
this did nothing to my face afterwords
i would not recommend.
perhaps i didn't leave it on long enough
didn't feel it did much to clear up my readiness
it was almost like i couldn't form a real opinion of this mask or decide if it was even doing anything
if i have zits i probably need something that isn't going to hydrate my face
i also didn't feel like it made a big difference with my skin
taking it out in a hurry lol
so you need to lie down while it's on.
just didn't get anything from it
i guess it just didn't work for me.
if you want a good lift mask
i dont use face masks that often
thought i would try it
did absolutely nothing for my skin.
a little disappointed wouldn't use it again.
i really didn't notice much
overall, i didn't think it was worth it.
this mask was not for me.
so this won't be my go to mask
i could just feel the product sitting on my face as if it did not sink into my skin
i will pass on this product because it's not worth it
i tried to find some good things about it
wouldn't stick to my face
i honestly got nothing from this mask
t definitely does work
i just don't know if it's worth the price as compared to their other sheet masks
didnt do anything on my skin.
i will say one thing.
just didn't sit well with my skin type
i didn't think anything was wrong until now
i wouldn't recommend it
this is not the one for me or my skin type
my skin just didn't need it.
this product did it
i don't feel burst of anything when i apply it
when i have the money to splurge on a product like this i'll definitely do so
don't see or feel a single bit of difference
this just didn't work for me.
figured it would be nice
it did feel nice going on
i don't hate it but i don't love it either.
it's not something i'll buy again
this did not play nice with my skin.
sadly the product did not
let me start this by saying
i figured why not try it?
t feels like nothing on the skin
i can see how people could like it
this breakout was bad enough for me not to want to give the product another try
did absolutely nothing for me.
only gave 2 stars because it did nothing to harm my skin
but it does not do any moisturizing whatsoever.
i don't know why they called it "the water cream" because i would call it "the oil cream"
you constantly want to wash it
but for me, it was not.
i didn't notice anything special.
wanted to change things up
this did absolutely nothing for my little lines underneath my eyes nor did it brighten the area
the pump lets out way to much product
definitely wouldn't give this a second chance
perhaps not if you're my age
if anything i felt like it dried me out
hopefully you'll have better luck.
this did nothing for my skin
this won't be it
i don't know what specially is in this that makes me break out
i think you can definitely find a better product
this did nothing for my skin except make it break out
i don't know what is going on with these new ones
i will continue to use and see how it goes.
din't use for that long so did not see much of a difference in my skin
would be a nice product if it wasn't a pump bottle i suppose
it did nothing for my skin unfortunately.
hoping this works for other people because it didn't work for me :/
it didn't work well for me
not great if you have sensitive skin.
too bad that so many companies add "fragrance" to products: bc there's no way to know exactly what it is due to labeling laws
i'd say this one is for you
i find it amazing most people don't talk about the smell
i didn't know if i could continue to use it
i gave it three stars because i couldn't use it
really just like anything else you can get on the market
decided to give this a try
it didn't really do anything
i don't think i'm going to keep this mask.
i did not even try to put on eyelids for that reason
didn't think anything of it
this did the exact opposite of what i was hoping.
i really don't see any benefits
the product inside the packaging does not do anything for me personally
i wish i could return this product
i did want to give this product a fair shot
this doesn't have enough moisture for me or do anything special their regular moisturizer doesn't do
that i can't live without
it also didn't really do much
i just don't see any benefits from using it.
i didn't really see any results especially for the price
i didn't see much change in fine lines.
this eye cream does nothing for me.
this one did absolutely nothing for my under eyes
don't waste your money on this product.
i tried it- didn't see much improvement at all.
do not buy as it is disgusting
it also did nothing for oilness or my texture.
it does not do anything to my skin.
can't see or feel any difference of skin or make up application
if that makes any sense
i also do not like the way it suds up.
this product just didn't work for me
i find that my face does feel a bit stripped for it being what it is
t's not like i leave it open
either way it shouldn't be an issue
unfortunately i have to see if i can return my now empty bottle
i hope it works for other people because it sure didn't for me
no matter how tight you close or
or wait for the click
it was not right for my skin type
sad to say that this one is going to have to go back
not gentle enough on the yes
it always leaks no matter how hard i tighten it
you can lose product
it was ok otherwise
i did not have breakouts though
and even the lala didn't make it feel better.
i won't be able to use on my skin
i can see this being a good option for people who don't like the idea of bar cleansers
do not take this product around your eyes
i've never had anything sting so bad
i don't feel as if if cleanses if i used it on my uncleansed face the first time
i can't force my skin to accept this stuff
over all it did what it was intended to do
it honestly didn't do anything
and dont even get me start on those stupid beads.
didn't foam much nor did it take off my makeup well
it had one thing that i couldn't get over
if you want to try something new it's worth it
i don't really like either
it doesn't really do anything
it does not take off make up
which i don't believe it claims
i would recommend this for someone who does not have problem skin
just because it has "water" in the name doesn't mean that it's oil free
unfortunately i can't say that i did
didn't hesitate to buy this when it became available to everyone
hard to say if it works or not when you only get 2-3 use out of this
maybe not a match to my skin.
i also don't think it did anything.
it also takes forever to dry if you want to actually be able to peel it off
i really wanted to try it
i did not know just how ridiculously tiny this thing is
maybe you could get more out of it
i would not recommend
i cant imagine the benefits outweigh the smell
a little does not go a long way.
that didn't reduce or go away
it's very strong even before you apply it to your face
this did the absolute opposite of what it promised
how little product you get
when i say you get almost no product for a high price i mean it
i cant turn a blind eye to that
if i say so myself
it is nothing that you can't live on your face with for 20 minutes
as far as the claims it does what it says it's going to do however i don't see too much of a difference in my pores
when you first put it on nothing really happens
it didn't work for me at all
i didn't really think it did anything.
can't believe that they put their name on it
i do think it does nice things for my skin
i don't like feeling like the product that i paid for is disappearing
i gave it 3 stars because i do like it.
i won't take it back but i won't order again.
i couldn't tell if this was a totally new way to cleanse your face or if it simply a gimmick
i don't need anything else
if you use only the bottom
ah but how is it to use?
don't know that it's doing anything impressive for my face/pores
i don't know if it is helping my skin.
every time i used it i felt as if it did not clean my face at all
it does not last
which i'm not sure it's going to
not gonna get as many washes out of it as suggested
i don't feel like it has made a difference on my face
when 20 min are done i don't feel
this one didn't really work for me unfortunately
just not for me!
i will say that i get the hype around it.
some reviews say that it doesn't make them break out
others say that it does
totally try it for yourself
i can't say this does anything good for my normal-dry skin
but it didn't do a thing to my skin.
no matter how i've used it
you probably want this because of the hype
i didn't see any amazing results from this
look for something else
it didn't make me break out though
however i couldn't get over the terrible consistency of the product
it didn't really help
i wouldn't recommend this!
i don't really feel like this does anything for me
i promise there is nothing special about this product
i feel like it doesn't last for long
i found the product did absolutely nothing for me
don't see any change in my skin
this product didn't do anything
something i don't normally do
does not make me glow.
i didn't notice this doing anything for my skin.
the main reason i dont want to use it is because in the morning the mask pills into little pieces
can't determine whether or not it actually works
i just can't not comment on the smell: like rotten fish
that's the only good thing i have to say about this product
this might work for someone else
unfortunately after using three times i can't take it anymore
i would go for something else
i can't stand it.
wanted so badly to like it
would recommend trying a sample to see how it reacts with your skin
it really did none of that
i just don't see a difference in my skin
i don't see any toning at all
it just didn't work for me
decided to give it a whirl anyway because after all i do love trying new skincare
not really doing what was claimed
i didn't get a lot out of it
i do think that this serum is worth trying
nothing special about it
defiantly not something i would like to put on my face
i don't see or feel any difference in my skin
i honestly feel like it does nothing
but it is still okay to try.
unfortunately that's not what happen
the smell is terrible i'm like all the other like curious serums out there this one is definitely not worth your time ladies there so many others
it didn't make me break out
that did not happen
i think it would be a great product if your skin doesn't react to it
just not for me.
this product did some of the things it promised
this didn't work for me
this didn't do that for me
this oil does nothing
i am still wondering whether this stuff does anything at all to my skin
maybe i need to use it longer
t may be too soon to tell
i dont know if this stuff was on the delivery truck too long
or if thats the consistency it is supose to be
see how it goes
i never return anything to sephora.. ever.
do not buy this stuff.
i believe it made me break out a little bit too
i do not recommend if you have sensitive skin.
i wish this didn't contain the gold
i don't think this did anything for me except cause problems with my skin
this did nothing for me
if i can wear them over night that's a plus too
just can't tell if it's really worth it or not
it didn't do anything positive either
only thing i really see is the glow when i wake up
to people who this mask works out: if it's summer
my lips always seem to be dry no matter what i do
this isn't anything even close to a mask.
just not for me
thought i would give it another go
i don't care for it at all.
with that being said if it doesn't break you out it would be a great moisturizer
i would recommend trying
but i'm so glad i got it and was able to try it.
don't need to use a lot
if that doesn't bother you than i would definitely recommend it
this product just didn't do it for me
i would not recommend this
wish it worked for my skin because otherwise it made my skin feel so nice
i like almost everything they make.
for me it did nothing
i don't have long term thoughts
this mask did absolutely nothing.
it doesn't do anything though.
this doesn't do any of that.
it doesn't do anything at all.
the first thing i did was to read the ingredients
not too sure what happened considering i use aha masks
this mask didn't do anything it claims to do.
i don't even feel any tingle from the aha!
i didn't expect to breakout with this mask.
t seemed like a good time to try it out
it doesn't ever get to that tight
i don't think this is good for every skin type as it claims
i felt like that is all this mask does
i decide to buy this worst mistake ever this mask don't work the money
i try it for like 2 weeks still see no difference at all i wanna love it
this did nothing for my skin.
didn't notice a difference so this is going back
i can't believe it!!
couldn't even bring myself to finish it
all it did was make me look like an oompa loompa
that's just not what you wanna hear several times a day
this one is good if you want go light
didn't even use all of it because it was awful
i didn't wash it off because i figured the product might take a while to absorb
it really did apply like a dream
it just doesn't cut it
that is what i wanted this for
didn't cover that well
if you're willing to pay
i wish i'd have taken before pics because is like to see exsctly what it has done for my skin
didn't sit well on my skin
however i did enjoy it
overall i did enjoy the product i just think 7 days isn't long enough to really put this product to the test
don't think it's possible to expect from any br
would not buy it myself
i didn't see any results
however i couldn't really notice much more of a difference
i didn't notice anything spectacular
it's just as good as anything else out there
it wasn't anything i couldn't find elsewhere
basically, it's nice but not a must have.
i don't think i had enough product to test it out fully
however i did not notice much else from using it
i think you could get something that's just as good for significantly less money
mind you i'm only 23yrs old so a drastic change was not going to happened
i can't imagine that any fragrance this strong is good for your face
do not see any changes.
product did not win me over
which this serum definitely does not have
this stuff does nothing
didn't get many uses out of it
not sure that it did anything other than hydrate.
did not live up to it
it does not work
it did not help my breakouts
definitely didn't feel a thing
i wouldn't waste my money on this product.
so again , i thought no just give it time .
but not for me .
it never happens to me before with any product
if fragrance doesn't bother you
fragrance doesn't bother you this might be a good option
they all happen to be on 8 august
t annoys me even more so when i see this kind of stuff
so to manipulate that is just so wrong
that's why i can't trust this company
will never waste another dime on them
oh, and their face ask doesn't even work!
don't have time to do a full skin routine
i don't know why kiehl's had to go
this really didn't do much for me at all.
it didn't really do much
the reason i won't be using it again is because of the stickiness i felt afterwards
just watch out if you have sensitive skin!
i didn't know if it was just my specific routine
not sure if i left it to dry long enough?
(10 minutes) but this simply didn't work for me!
i like this product it does exactly what it says that it will do
can tell that it works
unfortunately, it hasn't do so yet.
albeit i want something i put on
if your skin isn't as sensitive as mine it should work great
if i could i would wear it every night
i do not think i will use it again as the smell alone is a big turn-off
i didn't mind it though
this product just didn't work out for me.
i couldn't decide if i loved it or not the first time around
i didn't find that this was anything life changing
it doesn't take forever to sink in
gosh darn do they break me out
i need something extra
what is if formulated to do
the thing that i could not st
i find that if i don't apply the right products to my skin
maybe i'm not using it right because it doesn't lather at all
i didn't find that this cleanser did what the description said it would do
i wanted to give it a good amount of time because i don't expect skincare to work overnight
i didn't see any change
i felt like it really didn't do anything for my skin
i guess if you just need a basic cleanser
otherwise i would look into getting something else
not sure i want to continue with it if it continues to make me break out
i do not want that
i just don't like what it does to my skin
so don't even bother
this didn't work for me
it does the job
i don't see any special results
this just didn't work for my combo
not necessarily one of my favorite oh products
i do enjoy how light weight
it doesn't make me break out or more oily which is why i like it so much
when you put it on
im going to try using this product at night instead to see if it helps
i do use truth
i see why it is
i generally hesitate before saying any product made me breakout
i personally won't use it again because of the breakouts
decided to leave it on my face to test it out anyways
never tried it with makeup on top do not sure how that would affect it
i don't like the way it feels
so i thought maybe i applied to much product.
which you ought to be able to do with a moisturizer
i didn't want to use it enough to see results
i didn't realize it until it was almost gone
if anything my skin looks worse
doesn't feel like you're wearing anything
didn't do anything "transforming" for dark spots as it claims
i must say it worked wonders.
didn't see the point!
would definitely not recommend for someone with sensitive
if you're combination like me it will only increase your oilyness
thank goodness for rewards points that allowed me to get a small size of this to try out
not enough to make me buy this once i'm done with my sample
what to give my skin a rest
i guess i should have known better
it didnt do anything amazing for my skin
probably wouldnt buy again.
thought i'd give this a try
i didn't see any change but figured it was early.
guess it has to go
decided to give this a try
but overall i wouldn't get again.
it didn't do nearly as much for my hyperoigmentatiib
never break out anymore
i would definitely not recommend it for sensitive skin
maybe it will work for you
i really cannot tell what this does
i don't notice a difference when i use it or when i don't
one thing i will say
i don't find this to be a problem
i liked everything else about it except it doesn't work out with my skin :
i can't speak for how it effects the skin because i couldn't use it long enough to see a difference
this serum did not sit well with anything
obviously it's not enough time to see real results
nor do i think i'll finish this bottle
i got this in my quest for finding one that doesn't bother me
that i suspect is because it doesn't stay on
it didn't do much for me
don't waste your money (sorry)
i don't know if this was really anything special.
i would recommend it
personally i wouldn't say it's something i saw immediate overnight results with
i honestly don't think it did anything for me
im going to stop using it because i haven't noticed any benefits from using this anyways
not do the opposite
i also don't like the texture of this either.
it makes it worse if anything
yes some mildly comedogenic ingredients might not do harm to everyone
it didn't make any clear difference
which i don't typically have
how this could even be remotely good for anyone with the slightest of oily skin
i believe it gave me some breakouts
i don't know if i can go back
i couldn't believe it!
i didn't choose the sheer transformation because i thought this one might work better for acne-prone skin
cream now just because i don't want to through this expensive produce away
it did not work for me.
wouldn't recommend this because of how thick
unfortunately my skin did not react very well
maybe i'm putting too much?
i don't know but i'm not going to buy again.
stay away if comedenics concern you
does not absorb the way i would like it to do
at least it didn't aggravate anything further
it does make my skin look young
feel only when it is on it is hydrating you would think it would do more
really does not make a difference i just think you can find better that is more nice to have on the skin
unfortunately i cannot speak of the benefits of this product because i was not able to use it long enough
what i can speak of is the heavy
this stuff does not absorb ever
don't think i will consider buying this again as i went through it faster that i thought i would
i would not buy this for myself.extreemly thick.
i didn't care for it at all.
i tried to ignore it until i couldn't take it anymore
it smells so awful in a way that cannot be compared to anything else
i honestly can't even give an opinion on whether or not it worked since i spent most of the time trying to get rid of the smell
this is not for you
there's definitely no hope in this jar.
if you are considering using it you might want to think about doing a patch test on your neck or something or on a small
especially because i almost gag every time i apply it to my face
i must be extra sensitive to whatever it's supposed to smell like
it would literally bother me all day
maybe you won't have a problem with the scent like i did
i would not go out of my way to buy it again
i just couldn't take it.
broke me out more than anything else i've ever used
the only thing it did was make me break out
it didn't do anything for me
it lingers and does not go away.
now i'm using my jar up on my legs because i don't want it to go to waste
it does the job
if it didn't smell i would have rated it a 4 or 5
the night cream does not have this same problem.
it does what it is supposed to
i don't want anyone else to experience what i did
i decided to ignore the reviews of the bad smell because i tried it before
did not experience this
i tried to give this a chance.
i wish i could exchange it for something else
no matter how little cream i use
couldn't get a chance to see results because of the smell
i can't even keep it on my face
f you don't like those type of smells
then please please do not purchase this
i don't even care if this is going to be nice
miracle effect it will give me
i rather buy something else just for my sake of being able to breath normally xd
i don't know if the formula changed or i received an old jar or what
i just didn't notice it
i really tried to make it work
feel it first to see if it works for you
two things i don't want anywhere near my face
i only still use it because it does work really well
how it irritates my eyes even if i'm not applying it really close to my eyes
i used it twice and couldn't stand it anymore.
it didn't feel like it really did a great job moisturizing either
nothing to write home about
will not recommend to anyone plus the smell wasn't so great
i wouldn't recommend this product.
a little does not go a long way
i'll hopefully find a friend who would like to try it
because sadly i do not
also, a little does not go a long way.
not a good thing for your face products
i don't usually have that issue
to be honest i'm not sure if this really works.
can not say it did miracles
i wouldn't recommend this product
i wanted to give this a chance
put my face oil aside to see what this can do
i hope it works for other folks
light and does what it's supposed to.
won't trust the brand anymore
i can't even tell you how good or bad this is because i can't get passed the smell
can't return it hoping someone it to my family will be able to use it
don't know what to make of it
t does spread easily as you
once you apply this to your face
i always take care of my skin
was wondering what did i use to make acnes appeared?
it wasn't it until i tried stop using this mosisturizer
it does not work
i did not notice any difference on the way my skin looks
i say possibly because i breakout so frequently it's hard to pin-point the cause
i give it three stars because it doesn't make my skin feel immediately bad
i don't wake up oily or anything like that
can't knock it for that
don't count on it to work wonders
wow i can't believe they removed my review for this product
overall i have nothing bad to say about it
philosophy's products never seem to do it for me
felt it was just not doing anything for me
dont spend your money if you have very oily skin.
it did not make me break out
this did not help me at all.
if that's possible at all
i dont know if i was using this product wrong or what?
i've come to realize philosophy face products just does not work for my skin
i didn't see a big improvement i guess it isn't for my skin
i do not notice any difference in my skin.
the cream did absolutely nothing
you'll have to try to find out, i suppose.
it didn't seem to make a difference to my eyes.
that does depuff my eyes
which is what this one does
at first i couldn't figure it out
unfortunately this did nothing to help my dark circles like it claims
i don't think this product is hydrating enough for what i need right now
i don't know what it is about this formula
i do not recommend.
this did absolutely nothing for me.
did hydrate them it did absolutely nothing else which is disappointing
don't anticipate something wow
didn't work for me.
it really didn't do anything.
it didn't do anything for lines
realizing i didn't really need any
the middle is empty for i'm not sure what reason.
you just can't get anymore out
can't break the top off or anything
though i do like it
i do not like seeing all the unused eye gel in there that i can't get to
it did absolutely nothing to help my under eye bags
i can't really tell a difference
this eye cream did absolutely nothing for me
this cream did nothing to correct either issue.
i don't see any results out of this product
i don't know if 3 wks was long enough to see results
i did not like this product.
this product did not do much for my tired
i find it right on the cusp of too expensive for what it does/doesn't do
i like it ok, but not sure i will purchase again.
while i'm sure this isn't hurting me
i think i'll try something different next time
i don't think it really did anything noticeable
can't say anything about what it does for that problem
i will use it until it's gone
i think after that i may try something else
they work wonders for my skin
it's not doing anything for my skin
didn't work for me
i just never noticed it doing anything special.
don't waste your money on this.
does what it say
this did nothing for my skin.
although it didn't make me break out it was expensive
thankful i don't have to leave the house today as makeup won't even cover it
i do not recommend it.
it doesn't absorb quickly like the comment say
i won't buy this again as i don't see a reason.
for me this is not of them
it is probably a wonderful product for someone with very oily skin as you wouldn't need to use very much
i don't think this one is what i want
i wanted to give them a try
not sure how i feel about it yet
unfortunately do not get the job done
i applied it anyway
i didn't know this was the product doing it
don't really like it
maybe just not for my skin
after i finish my tube i won't be buying anymore.
so the salesperson convinced me to get this instead
did nothing for me.
i decided to try something different.
this sure is not one of them
this doesn't do it
actually feels like i'm not cleansing enough.
this doesn't do it
really does not remove make up
yet i can't feel it clean my face at all
i can't say that it did anything good.
i don't usually take the time to write a bad review
i don't wear a lot of making up
i really couldn't even get it off with water
i used the entire bottle to give it an honest try
it just didn't work for me
that didn't help clear it up
it just didn't work for me
wouldn't call that "sensitive
its not for me
did my title make you go, "huh?"
it does not clean off make up
if you don't wear make up
if you are like the rest of us sephora junkies
you want to use this before you use an actual cleanser
i am either going to return this
'm not sure why this is in the description
i probably won't buy it again because it doesn't really make my face feel clean
i can't imagine what would happen on a saturday night
even if you want a gentle
when you go too long just applying this product
why would they change it.
i don't like this new
don't waste your money on this.
find something that won't irritate my skin
i don't know what i am going to do when i run out of my last bottle
doesnt take make up easy
wont get it again
i guess it does get the job done without making me itchy or irritated
however it is definitely does not seem to be so
if you want to bring a new product to the line
why did you have to take away a perfectly good product?
know that im not alone
why fix something if it isnt broken?
i 100% agree the review before me.
i am not even sure if i can finish this bottle.
not sure what they added
it really didn't remove make up well.
can fairly say that i don't enjoy it
i don't see much benefit from using it
this didn't clean anything off of my face
not sure if i will buy it again though.
guess i was wrong.
i couldn't believe how much was left after washing
maybe its just my skin it didn't work with.
whatever the reason it didn't do it for me at all
'm not sure how much i can expect from this
i feel like i could find something better
i just don't think it is helping as much as my last cleanser
someone recommended this to me because i have dry
i could probably get something with more wow factor from a drugstore
not going to throw it out
unfortunately thisproduct did not work for me
which it did not
i will more than likely return this if my sister doesn't want to try it
it didn't do anything to prevent or treat current break-outs
you don't need to apply a lot of product
it just didn't work for me
figured if it was with that foreo then it'd be okay for my skin which is very sensitive
didn't think it would cause this much irritation
this product did absolutely nothing for me
did not clear up my skin at all
this one did nothing
i wish i hadn't tried it for so long because i wanted it to work so badly i wasn't able to return it by the time i gave up on it
i don't think it does very much
it doesn't make it worse
it just doesn't clear up break ups as fast as i would like
this did absolutely nothing.
sadly this did not work
maybe this is meant more for people who really only get one zit at a time
i can't see any difference in my skin
it doesn't really work in my opinion.
does nothing for your skin
it didn't do anything for my skin
since it didn't do much of anything i definitely won't be repurchasing
the product itself did not work for me
didn't like this at all.
this honestly did nothing for me at all
i gave it two stars because even though it didn't do what i wanted it for
it did nothing for me
decided to give it a try
maybe i haven't used it long enough
i really don't see any difference in terms of helping to "clear up" my skin
this did nothing for me.
it didn't do anything for me not even make the blemish remotely smaller
didn't see any results
i didn't want to deal with the mess
i don't break out a lot
i want to treat it
i didn't see any effective results.
this product did not give me overnight miracles like it did for others
don't give me instant results
this product did not work for me.
thought i would give it a try
unfortunately this one didn't work for my skin.
it didn't work for me.
this didn't do much for me.
it didn't feel strong enough to really solve my problems
just didn't work for me
did not work for me
it did absolutely nothing for my spot treatment
this product doesn't work at all.
it doesn't seem to do anything for me
i didn't see any difference after i used it
mind you it didnt necessarily make my blemishes
it defintely did not help there either
maybe it just wasnt for me
it just doesn't seem like work for me
this product did nothing for me.
sometimes the "natural" stuff doesn't do the job
it didn't make them better either
i rarely return anything
it also didn't do very much for me
however, this item did not wow me.
which is what it looks like you should be doing
this product did absolutely nothing for me
i didn't see much change after using this product
this treatment really did not do anything for me
thought i'd give this a try
honestly, it just didn't work.
it just didn't touch them.
when i used this i couldn't really tell a difference
this product didn't seem to do much for me in reducing breakouts
for me it didn't
i didn't feel or see any diferent after 2 weeks of use
i honestly do not know what to say about this product
didn't help my skin.
this didn't work for me at all.
i dont find that it helps my acne at all
definitely make sure you spot test before you use so you dont experience what i had to
i do not use it twice a day
i sometimes forget to apply it daily
i don't know if it's because i don't use it enough
so not sure if anything can really treat that
guess i'll keep using it to see what happens
i don't know why
for me it just didn't work well
i don't think it did as much for the bags
figured i'd try something new
i just needed eye drops or something
this isn't doing anything for me.
it didn't do anything for my dark circles
doesn't do anything for dark circles
the pump just didn't work
hate paying a lot of money for something that i can't get to
i felt compelled to write one for this product
i find it doesn't do much for dark circles
did not meet the hype
i can honestly tell you that i haven't noticed much difference
this probably does stuff to make your eyes look younger
but it's not like a stand-out product for me.
i won't buy it again, but i don't hate it.
this can irritate if i get to close
you only need a little..i was very upset.
you don't need much
i don't think there is any product out there that can help the eye area
i don't know if sephora has it out for me
used it for about a month before i couldn't take it anymore
i can't see that this eye cream does anything--it definitely does nothing for my dark circles
it does not absorb well
i wanted to love this, but that didn't happen.
i do think this product is effective
i did not see any change!
not bad but nothing special.
this product definitely does not live up to its name
it just didn't work out
f the smell doesn't bother you go right ahead it is great
i just couldn't get over it
stick with what you know works!
kind of a bummer cause it does what it says otherwise
it just didn't do well with my skin type
i don't feel like i got any hydration out of it
this, unfortunately, didn't work for me.
this did absolutely nothing for me
however i don't feel anything special about this.
f u are ok with doing all the steps before cleansing
it does nothing for my skin.
what the heck happened?
also because i did not believe this br
it just didn't work for me
i only use this product if i don't have anything else to use
not sure why people like it.
it did absolutely nothing for my face other than give me small little breakouts
the only thing it didn't do was dry out my face.
i'd also say it does not leave a clean feel
i don't know why other reviews say that
i really don't recommend it
my mom out i don't know what it was
it was horrible i had clear skin before i used this product wouldn't recommend it
now that i think about it
i want to try different ones
i don't think i'll ever go back to this one
i do like that i can use it on my eyes
this isn't some silly scare tactic- go read about them yourself
lots of good info on why if you care about avoiding things like bpa
i won't be getting this again.
it doesn't remove anything
doesn't foam or really do anything at all.
every time i do reminds me why i left it in the first place
i don't see anything too special about it.
i wouldn't see the difference if i got some facewash from the drugstore instead of this
it has a few ingredients that i do not want to use on my face
i honestly feel like my face is breaking out
i dont know if i will be paying this much for it again
another one of those products i don't underst
really don't understand the hype around it.
my skin doesn't love it either
i know everyone's skin is different
it might work for you
she hasn't had any problems with it though it's just not for me
i think it makes me break out which is odd because most things don't break me out
i usually pass on things i don't like to friends
i think this one is going right into the trash
one tube lasts quite a long time as you don't need a lot
i don't hate it, but i won't be buying it again.
s i would put on my back because i did have some acne there
i couldn't figure out why
however i don't think it does anything for the redness
i think maybe it just doesn't irritate any more
i don't notice a difference of any sort.
especially for how much you're paying
i didn't get the feeling that it penetrated or did much
it didn't work well for me
it did not work for my skin
i do not find this product ex foliating
it doesnt do anything it made me break out more
even though i didn't need to switch from what i was using
i decided to give it a try
thinking maybe it would get better after my skin got used to it
i don't like this particular product because i am not convinced it is removing all make-up
they weren' t for me
have no idea what happened with this cleanser
i would not recommend this formula to anyone.
i didn't see much difference in my skin
this product does the opposite of what it claims to do
not sure yet how i feel.
it just may mean i need something different.
can't really see any difference if i use it or not
i dont get it.
maybe i will notice a difference, bu not yet.
just isn't one i will repeat
it didn't help me
the reason why i didn't try it in-store was because the sales guy told me that i had to thoroughly wash
i really do not see any difference when i apply to my skin
i don't really notice a difference
it did not help with clogging either.
i guess i will have to keep looking!
it just did not work for me
nothing to write home about
t's very difficult to find something that won't dry me out
i felt like it just didn't do what it promised.
this product just didn't work for me at all
perhaps it would be more effective for somebody else
i didn't think it was related because **** happens anyway
i don't know what i could be allergic to in this product
it definitely not for me
i'll keep using it and see what happens.....
i think we all want that magic product that will help us to look better
i can't wait to return it
this does a good job i thin i might try something different after this
i do like how it seems to even out my skin tone
i will not buyit again.
it's hard for me to tell if this is working
i don't like that you have to wait 20 min from the time you wash your face to put it on
in the morning i dont see a difference
maybe i'm using it wrong
it did nothing that it promised.
i would not recommend this product
it did no such thing.
no more ask for aassistance .
i feel like i need something a bit more rich for my face type
let my hormones do their thing
tried it any way
the main reason i wasn't happy with it was because i don't find it hydrating enough
applying this didn't seem to help all that much
it did nothing for me
lesson learned: listen to your derm bc there are different types of rosacea so what works for 1 person may not necessary work for another
i think its' too early to tell if it's helping my rosacea though
tried it any way
i do like the fact that i do not break out from the cream
you know the one
it just didn't really do anything special
i don't mind paying alot of money for a product if it actually does something
this didn't do anything special
it didn't break me out
it didn't really help to anything else either
did not have breakouts, feels nice, etc.
i think i'll try to find somthing else
i will have to look for something else
i don't feel this moisturizer did anything special
to see if you like it
i can't say the same about the bumps
didn't see much of a difference
did not notice anything
i think you should ask for a free sample at a sephora store before you buy to see how you like it
would encourage you to try it for yourself
it just did nothing else to help with fine lines
i could not honestly recommend this product.
it didn't seem to work that well
i would say it is a bad product
then i will see
didn't see anything happen
'm do not have any known allergies
don't waste your money, go for the mask instead!
don't do it to yourself.
if you do it outside of the shower it will make a mess
it doesn't really do anything to my acne
it didn't really do anything
just really doesn't deliver.
i do not understand.
i do not know.
people say it works
if you dont wait for it to dry
it really isn't anything special.
i did not see much of a difference
if you want something similar
i did not like this
it didn't make a difference
as a cleanser, it didn't do much either.
it didnt do anything in that department.
this bar hasn't done anything for me
just not for this much $$...
it didn't do anything fo r my face
if you do buy it
for the $$, it shouldn't do that.
did not see much difference
then once you get it on the areas you wish to treat
since it didn't really say how often to use it
i would give it more because it does make your pores look smaller
i don't even bother using it that much anymore because it's so difficult to h
did not see a difference at all
i dont get all the 5 star reviews maybe it's just not good for my type of skin
too much money down the drain :/ if you're thinking about buying i hope you get better results than me :
make sure you get a sample before you buy.
i didn't really think this cleanser was anything special
my skin didn't miraculously clear up nor did it cause any breakouts
just doesn't do the job for me
not something i wish to use on my face
didn't feel any difference and made me break out.
it doesn't really do anything else for me
this does not do it for me.
it wasn't anything special
think that maybe a factor
if that doesn't work i'll make my way over to origins checks
it keeps you wondering whether it works or not
it doesn't work the first time
i do give it that it is gentle
i just wish it did the job.
i wouldn't trust this product with a lot of makeup on
did not see any difference
though it didn't quite give me the same clean feeling
the cooling did not bother me
i would not recommend this
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin
it's not that it didn't work
it's that i couldn't even see if it could
you pretend to buy this
use it alse on yourself
it will hurt you a lot until you run to wash your face
this is not for him
if your bf wants something to make his face less oily
i don't like it
it did not do much for my oily
i personally did not like this product.
i would not recommend this product
i wouldn't try it again
it just would not come off.
a big need for me
i do not have this kind of bump before
i like how mosturizing the product is
it didn't break me out
i couldn't imagine trying to put on makeup
do not buy this if you are planning on wearing makeup on top of it
it won't work out
it didn't absorb the way i thought
the product did nothing for my skin
you might like this
but you can feel it sitting on your face.
i think if you wanted matte skin
weren't planning to wear makeup that day it would be fine as it does really make your skin look nice
i'll just stick to what works for me
don't get me wrong, i don't hate this stuff.
doesn't make me look oily or anything.
does not mattify at all.
i tried this thing twice.
it didn't fade on me
decided it just wasn't for me
i decided to try it out
i definitely don't recommend if you're gonna wear sunscreen
one pro is that i think it does help make up stay on
no matter how much/little i applied
i never go with out it
i wouldn't even give the rest of the sample to some one i didn't like
i certainly did not find i was glowing
i just don't at all
this did not keep me matte
hoping that it will live up to it's name
i don't see how this stuff has anything to do with "matte"
didn't really mattify at all either.
not your best work glamglow
idk what it is with these products they dry me out so bad
now after useing volcasmic once i need to worry about getting my skin back to normal
didn't quite do enough for my chin
it didn't make me breakout
try to find something else first.
this has never happened to me because of another product
please be aware of this before you use the serum
i really wanted to like this product because i thought it was so cute how it came with a little dropper to apply it to your face
didn't lose any money
also kind of glad it didn't because if it did i would've been inclined to spend $79 on this product for a refill so glad i got it as a free gift
didn't waste my money on this product
why i did not break out
it didn't do a whole lot for my skin
i just didn't see any change in my skin using this product
it does not have a place in my skin care routine
when i stopped using them to use this i just didn't see any good it did my skin other then how it made my skin feel
i don't honestly notice much of a difference in my skin
if you can wait
i would definitely recommend it
however i ended up being very disappointed because it didn't do anything
i wouldn't recommend this product.
i wouldn't say this did a great job with either of those
i wouldn't want to subject anyone to days of this mess on their face
can't give you guys 5 because my birthday gift was almost empty
i do love the product i must say
i think i will wait a few more days before jumping into that lol
i couldn't tell any difference between using this product or not
unfortunately this product didn't do much for that
thats only because i wasn't able to use it for long enough to see results
unfortunately it did not work for me
it does nothing for my skin
please do not waste your money on this cleanser!!
it did absolutely nothing for my skin.
i do not see a big change in my pores
please has anyone used it
the double serum?i want to know how it works
i don't feel like it has affected anything
this does not work.
you can spend all day with it on your face
how i can tell is that i turn to the side
unfortunately this product is not for me
i didn't see any results
i usually don't write reviews but i do read them.
i don't see any change
it does not do the trick for me
but it doesn't make my eyes look better.
it didn't work that well
maybe it is not the product for me.
i guess sleep more
doesn't really do too much for my dark circles
i think i can find something better...
it didn't seem to be working
i do not see any diference in my puffy eyes after using this product
everything else i've tried always make me have red spots here
i think this thing does deflat the puffness
i don't think it treats anything
i don't know if this is something that requires time
it does do the trick
it does not do what it promises to do for my eyes
maybe it works for someone else
you wouldn't see results if you were younger coz this is designed for older
i don't trust a review for an eye cream if the person is under 35
after a month of use i don't see any difference.
i can honestly say it did nothing for my dark circles
i dont get it with this product
so i think it does work, but not for me
a sales person convinced me to try this instead
not deserve even one star
i really thought this would do something to help my eyes
i didn't like it atall i brought it back
do not see any big difference around my eyes
this one didn't work for me
think that is why this product wasn't right for me
i did like this
i couldn't get used to the whole "don't rub it in" part
i do suggest to use every once
i don't understand the hype.
not sure what this is for.. really...
i don't see what the point of this is
it didn't do anything for me that a plain old moisturizer couldn't do
i am going to try using this again tomorrow to see if i can get that "tightening effect" that is supposed to transform your skin
i don't think i would rush out to buy it again
it really didn't do anything special for my face.
but everything else was a let down.
i wanted something that would brighten up my face
etc" i don't see
i don't think i want to invest all the money again just to find out
it did absolutely nothing for me
i wanted to like this more than i did.
it did a nice job as a bb however i cannot get past the smell
that's how convinced i was it was going to do what it said it would
'll keep using it
i dont like how u have to pat the product on your face
this is how u actually use this stuff
but it makes your face look ready for the day.
i don't quite get what the huge deal about it is
if you are a fan of clarins then
i would not recommend this product to anyone with dry skin
i really can't get past the scent to know how well it works
does what it claims
did not do a single thing it claims!
it somehow seems to get in them no matter what
i decided to try it again
don't get this near your eyes
it did make my skin feel nice after each use
it didn't do anything special for me.
i didn't really think that it did all the things it claimed to do to my pores
which i can't live without
i can't afford both!
i agree with other reviewers that this stings your eyes even when trying to avoid them
for some reason my face did not like this cleanser
i dont think this is worth it
also, if you get it in your eyes--ouch!
i wouldn't buy it again, but i didn't have it.
in conjunction w/ the mattifier it really did the trick
now its just not feasable
did not do anything at all
for me it didn't do much
okay so this didn't do anything for me.
too bad they don't produce it anymore :(
so....i don't know bout this.
i do think it is because of my clarisonic etc
just doesn't do what it says
i think they actually got bigger
if after a month it does not work
maybe try something else
my skin doesn't have so many problem
i do not see a difference
i don't know why everyone likes this.
it does nothing to me
im not sure if i will repurchase as its not helping to control my acne that i have on my chin
my skin did not change
this one just not so much
that was exactly what i wanted to avoid
i couldn't justify the expense for something that felt so uncomfortable on my skin
i figured it would help
i don't see any diffrence on my skin using this product
i dont recommend this product to anyone
i used exactly as directed, but it did not work.
i would not be upset
i do not recommend it if you have my skin type.
it did not do anything
i dont regularly have break outs
it does not work
definately did not work for me
try that one first or maybe just ask for some free sample or you wouldn't feel cheated like i do
it didn't do what it said it would
dont make my mistake
definitely, don't waste your money.
then couldn't figure out when to use it
since it does not have "anti-aging" i probably won't use it at night
am probably going to take it back
i don't even know where to begin.
this is certainly not for me!
the only thing that it does is make my face asofter
i didn't feel this product does what it is suppose to for me
t couldn't be that bad
it didn't work at all
i wouldn't buy it again for sure.
didn't seem to do anything amazing for me
don't bother with this one.
i don't know how else to describe it.
i couldn't get over it!
nothing happens in my case~
not one claim is true, for me atleast.
this product did the opposite of what it was suppose to do
i think anyone with dry skin should give this a shot
alas, i did not.
which could be a good or bad thing
so sensitive skin need not try
i do like it at night though.
i don't typically break out
i know i worked it into my skin enough
it's probably just my skin type or something?
i don't like how it feels on skin
this did nothing for him.
see if anything changes
i didn't get any benefits from this
probably will try something else once this runs out
this is a good product if you can get over the smell
i don't feel like i need to use a lot on my face for coverage
doesn't "sit" on my face
if you like murad products
i don't feel it does what it says
antioxidents unfortunately it was not for me
you get so little product
this one just didn't work for me though.
i don't know how people gave it 5 star.
it did not work for me!
won't be using this anymore.
i can't say that i saw any benefit from this other than i didn't get sunburned
i got this in the trial box i don't want to even try the other 2
it's great if you dont mind taking the risk of haveing certain chemicals in your cosmetics
the norm for me if i do not put on moisturizer
it does about the same thing
i can't get my makeup to stay on over it no matter what i've tried
if your t-zone acts like an angry oily t-rex then this might be a little too much for you
it doesn't work for every skin type.
they told me it wouldn't be a problem
this mosturizer didn't help it
it did leave a very subtle luminosity that u cant see anyway if
doesn't have as much slip to it
it works well if you want the spf
that made me want to try the whole murad system.
i know i need to wear a 30 or higher
you don't even think about applying foundation over it
i don't really like it either
would smell it before buying just to make sure you like it
sadly, this product did not work for me.
i don't want to go around smelling my own face all day
i do not recommend it
i can't believe how expensive this is for a moisturizer that does not sit well under makeup
it does not at all
wont be purchaing it again
i feel like its done nothing to my face.
you really can't see any effect
it did nothing at all for me
probably wouldn't buy again since i still get some acne
it did not work on his skin
it did not have an effect on me
didn't do a thing for me.
that didn't happen with this product
i wouldn't say that i have sensitive skin
it simply doesn't blend well regardless of whether you have used your fingers
not only did it not firm
although i haven't used this product for long i think it does st
did not enjoy this product
it just didn't do what i needed it to do
i will move on to something else when i finish this
it did nothing else for my eyes
otherwise it'll somehow get into my eyes about 20-30 after application
can't really describe what that is
unfortunately it didn't work
let it absorb before i applied anything else
maybe for someone else!
just not for me.
no matter how much sleep i get i always have circles under my eyes
was praying this would do the trick
'm not sure if i'm allergic or not
did not see this.
buy something else that will help my dark circles
it just didn't work for me.
to exchange for something that wouldn't give me little bumps all over my eyes
she said she was going to grab somebody else to help me
which i didn't like
not somebody who was just trying to sell me her line
didn't do anything bad
didn't do anything great
didn't really absorb properly
it doesn't seem to do much for me
didn't see any results
not even one bit.
i don't see much difference in my skin
i do not know if this product has something to do with it
don't know about long term yet
it did nothing really as far as fine lines
the product did nothing
some say you'll see results after you use up the whole bottle
i like that you can put it all around your eye however
i really dont feel or see a difference
i did not like this.
i just don't see any amazing results
i did not see any other results
i didn't see any difference in using this.
did not at all work for me.
i really like the feel of the product when i put it on
did not like the product.
i don't think there is anything special about it.
after using this product for 3 weeks i can honestly say it does nothing more than moisturize
i didn't notice it doing anything
it literally did nothing
this did the opposite of what it should do
so you can see every little thing
something that i didn't realize would have such a negative effect on my skin
so what do i do?
if you're new to this stuff
i did have a bit of hope
'm not sure if it's really working or if i'm lying to myself
did nothing to my fine lines
i certainly wouldn't recommend it to someone with sensitive eyes like me
this didn't anything special
i did not see any results
it did not work for me
this did not work at all.
i cannot tell a difference at all with wrinkles
please before you buy this get a sample because you will be wasting your money
we didn't see any difference
definitely didn't do anything for me
can't even use it
i'll let you know in a few weeks.
doesn't do what it claims.
i don't see much difference from other products
wanted to try something different
i don't notice this mask doing anything
which i don't mind
might bother some people
i don't really feel like this mask does much.
it doesn't do much else
i don't feel like i have to have it as part of my skin routine
just could not st
i couldn't get enough of the br
hard to say if it gives you much of a result
decided to give it another try since it's so much cheaper here
don't get me wrong
it certainly doesn't make my skin feel worse
for $35 i'd say give it a try
i just don't think this was the product for me.
next time i'll stick with what i know works
the good thing is it only stings once i apply it
i only gave it three stars because it doesn't really do anything more than what the walnut scrub already does for me
f you're like me i would hold off on buying this product
it might work for you
it definitely didn't work for me
i will give it that
it really does nothing special for my skin
the mask doesn't try
would not recommend it to anyone with sensitive
other than that, i didn't get much out of it.
i don't recommend this if you are experiencing dry
it doesn't do much for my skin personally
don't know if i've seen or felt anything significant
this product didn't impress me one way or the other
you can get as good or better at your local drugstore
i dont feel like it fulfilled any of its claims.
it did not do anything to my skin
just not this one.
i would not recommend it.
after two jars, i dont see any difference.
did not feel this was rich enough
this one doesn't really deliver
this one is just not enough for me.
my skin doesn't seem to agree with any anti-wrinkle products unfortunately
so there must be something in here that my skin just does not like
it doesn't work at all.
thought it would work right away
it does everything i wish this ptr cream did.
i just couldn't use this one
i am not sure why
this eye cream did nothing it claims to do
feel llike i've had no rest
there is something in there that doesn't agree with me
i can't find it
i do not see anything spectacular
i did not like product at all.
i did not see any benefits from this eye cream
it doesn't do anything except for the first few days
it didn't improve my fine lines what so ever
i wasn't expecting great things to happen
alas it did not
not convinced its doing anything though
as someone with extremely sensitive skin i'm glad that this doesn't break me out
i wanted others to know about the consistency
which is why i give it 3 stars.
i wouldn't say it "gets absorbed"
this i can absolutely live without
i wouldn't say it is a horrible product it just didn't work for me
im not even applying too much
i wanted to try something new
of course there gonna tell you that its gonna work
i don't really smell anything wrong with it
i don't really think so reminds me of just a regular face lotion you can buy at a drug store
i did not like the smell but decided to try.
my skin didn't like it
this cream simply did not work for me
i'll use it up because i won't want to waste my money
it did nothing for my skin
thats saying something since i have dry skin already
when you first apply it
you get used to it
did not make me tear up
not if you're in a rush
it didn't seem to do anything for my under eye area
does not work at all
not only do i not see an improvement
it didn't do much for me
can't wait to buy something else.
which i don't need
i feel they do not back up their products
if this is true
i would skip this one
it didn't tighten or much of what it claims to do
if a product gets all of these great ratings i want to see something
not sure how to explain it
maybe i would be ok with this horrible application process if i did something for my eyes
this really did nothing for me.
it felt like it didn't really absorb well
i really didn't give it enough time to work
this was not for me
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!
i didn't try it on my lips.
i don't like the amount of pulling i have to do to rub this in
you have to really work it in
if you want a more permanent solution
not sure if i will get again.
it wasn't something i wanted to use on my face
i did not like it.
does nothing in particular for my face.
i guess it is just not for me.
i don't like it all.
this didn't work for me.
what i like about it is
what i don't like is how my skin feels after
it makes me wonder what it's leaving on my face.
its great for travel if you don't want to bring a liquid
store it in something else because the dish doesn't let it dry well
nothing special about it
so don't rely on what i have to say
you'll need to test it yourself
does it even exist?
it doesn't seem to help much
this doesn't seem to work for me
don't think this is one for me
however i didn't notice anything with the use of this product
i didn't look any more youthful
this cream just did nothing.
which could be why i didn't really notice any difference
i did want something that was hydrating
do not get me wrong i love clinique.
for me, it did nothing it was formulated to do.
seems to take forever to go away
this product did not work for me
it is not easy to apply
i did not see any reason to like this product.
so for people like me
i wouldn't recommend it
it has never let me down.
nice product if you wear contacts.
i dont see any difference-
maybe thats because i didnt really have anything to change?
will probably continue to use it anyways
didn't really do anything though.
didn't do anything for my eye area
thought i would give this a dry
disappointed that this did not seem to do anything for t
this product did nothing it said it would.
it didn't feel effective
that's what i get for not trying it in the store first
everytime i go to use this wash
i don't know why i bother with clinique skin care as i've never tried anything that i've liked
i don't know if it was just me
i normally don't return anything
t didn't go to waste
only then did i read that it should not be used on the eyes
just want to go to bed then expect to take longer in the bathroom
i feel like it does nothing
however, it did nothing.
after a minute i feel like i didn't put anything on
i really didn't notice a difference
definitely not for me
i do want to say it's very soft
honestly didn't see any change- returned
does not do much more than that
if you want to reduce wrinkle
unfortunately this one is no go for me.
did not see any difference
unfortunately this cream did not work for me.
maybe i will try to rich version!
can't say whether or not it was because if this product
i would not recommend this product
unfortunately i was wrong
i still didn't notice a change from not using it
or really my fine lines either
i can confidently say that it did not
i don't see any difference with my dark under eye skin nor do i notice
want to get rid of them
so far has not done much of anything
i don't think i would buy it again.
it did nothing for me.
i would not buy it anyway
unfortunately, this did nothing for me.
i don't really think this eye cream does anything significant
i don't think this is it
however if you tend to get milia
i really like how it feel when applying this product
i don't see any difference when using this under my eyes
where people regularly ask why i have black eyes
it does nothing to help
i didn't like how it made my lines worse after my makeup was applied
unfortunately it doesn't do anything it says it does
i do not notice a change
couldn't wait to try it
i can use it only under my eyes so to me it wasn't worth it
i can't see a difference.
using it everyday makes me seem like i care so
i didn't see any massive difference it was just nice to have so my under eyes didn't get worse
it doesn't really do anything
doesn't do anything bad
it just doesn't seem substantial enough for much else
this product really don't make anything to my aye area
but i realized it really doesn't do much.
he didn't really like it--felt that the effects didn't last very long
it totally didn't work my my skin type.
i've literally never had anything break me out so terribly
just not for me
i couldn't seem to remember why i discontinued using it
why this would break me out because there aren't any bad products
i need all the help i can get for my t-zone
unfortunately this did not help at all.
it just seemed like no matter how much of this i put on my face
it always maxes out at a certain point
you can just feel the product sitting on your skin
it does not make a difference to my skin.
honestly it did nothing it did moisturizer my skin though so that's amazing
i always do that if possible with moisturizers because it is really hard for me to find one
i can wear this and go out without make-up.
didnt do much for moisturising for me
this was honestly a let down.
i don't know anymore!
i would recommend it.
try a sample before you commit to buying the entire thing
i couldn't take it, it just wasn't me.
decided to give it a try again
after a few uses it hasn't done anything else to/for my skin
doesn't seem to do anything for my skin.
you dont need a lot of this.
this didn't do much for my skin i prefer one that works wonders on my skin
something i could do for much less $$$
if you like natural products this is for you.
i really like that it doesn't have much colour to it when you put it on
that you can put however much you want on
wherever you feel you need it
if this is what the product is supposed to be like
i don't think it does anything for my oily/combination skin
i really don't want to pay $62
too bad because i do like this.
the only thing it did for my face was make it soft
where i normally don't break out
i didn't really like it then
still don't like it now
it doesn't really change the way my face feels.
sadly my skin does not tolerate this mask
this doesn't do anything for my skin
just don't see the point
i will use it up as it does work
my skin just doesn't tolerate this mask anymore
don't expect anything special or wondrous.
i certainly didn't see any miracles
not sure why i'd ever pay so much to make my skin worse
i didn't feel that it did anything for my face tone
not enough to make me go out of my way to buy this product
for the fact that it doesn't harm my skin
honestly don't get the hype
they smell nice but really do nothing for me.
i don't think i'll be trying anything else from this br
it does nothing to my skin
i really did not think that this product moisturizer the way i thought it should
it didn't even come close
not sure what made me have such a reaction
i wouldnt recomend for anyone with sensitive skin
even though i usually do not have very sensitive skin myself
i decided to it give another chance
if all else fails
won't get it again.
it didn't help with my already always shiney face
makes me wanna return it whenever i use it
t wont go oily on you
i wouldn't recommend it
i can't imagine making a face cream that would be exceptional
how do you know a face cream is working or not?
it's not like you can compare yourself to yourself right?
if you don't mind the extra step
i think it'd be effective if you don't wear a whole lot of budge-proof makeup
that's the first thing i want to say.
however i think my skin might not like it bc everything it gets near my eyes i cry
i do not recommend it.
not too crazy about it just bought it because youtubers hyped it up so much every time i use it i get it in my eyes
feel as if i am blind for like an hour it gives you the blurriest vision
if it was free yes but not for $29
the product doesn't go a long way
also do not get it in your eyes because it will give you major blurry vision
at least it does what it says
i hope my breakouts go away :(
didn't have any reaction
it didn't work for me so i returned it.
it did nothing to my eye's area.
needless to say i am using it again
i wish it can come in a simple open jar form so that it's easy to use
it already doesn't not express any of it thru the pump
i didn't see much of a change.
nor i don't hate the product either.
i didnt put it to close to my actual eyeball or anything
save yourself the time
i couldn't even open my eyes it was so bad
definitely not for me
this product always makes my eyes water wether i'm wearing contacts or not
i wouldn't use it again if they paid me.
i still wouldn't touch the stuff again
way too expensive for a product that does not do anything
just don't put it in your eye because it will sting
don't put too much or else it will be thick.
i gave this product 3 stars anyway because it is not a bad product
it is just not the product for me
i kept using it for the spf alone because i don't like wasting money
make up doesn't stick to it
many seem to like it, just not good for me.
did not do anything for circles or moisture
i don't see any difference.
makes me not want to use it
doesn't do much firming
i really have to try face products out to see how my skin reacts
i don't have a problem with it
it doesn't seem to do much
i like using it in the shower when i don't need to do a lot of make up removal
i just can't break that thought
would definitely not recommend this for anyone that wants a cleanser that actually helps cleanse your face
this cleanser is okay, but it doesn't do much.
i just don't find this to do much.
it just doesn't clean my face in the way i really want
i just can't recommend it
i dont know why
nothing to really write home about
as a rule i can't say enough good things about the line in general
i really don't like it
i can't even apply my make up because i'm waiting for my skin to heal
i just felt like i would need 4-5 pumps
felt as though it did nothing
wish they didn't put fragrance in all there stuff
totally not worth it, i would give it 0 stars!
this just did nothing except break my skin out
i also found that it didn't do a good job at actually cleaning my skin either
you need to use a lot of product to get the job done
i guess it works if you just use it to solely purify skin
don't buy this if you have sensitive skin
does it leave a film?
it does not clean properly
sure you're thinking "ahhh when you first use something new i bet the product is just bringing everything to the surface
it did not improve my skin nor make it worse.
i don't want to waste money with the extra mild
because i wanted to give it a
my face did not love it.
it did the opposite of what i wanted it to do.
my skin wasn't bad at all before trying this product
i would never recommend this product to anyone please save your money
realized it was not doing anything to take my make up off
it really does nothing for my skin
i don't know why anyone would pay more than 2 dollars for this
i found that it did not seem to help or hurt my acne
so ultimately it really does depend on your skin
i'd say give it a try
see how it works for you
if you notice any break the first week or so
then i would try another product
don't want anyone else to get horrible acne i never i thought i would get because of this face wash
i must say i don't really like this product for my skin type
it just didn't work for me
i guess sometimes you have to stick to what you know
don't get me wrong
god i can't even imagine what it would do
i did not see any difference after using this primer
that can do a better job of that
did not work for me
it literally did nothing for me
it will definitely be obvious that it doesn't match
the day i got this i felt like it didn't do anything
if i did i had to use a ridiculous amount of product
i do not think it made my pores minimized either.
this did nothing for me except make my skin feel kinda soft
this didn't even do anything for those either
it honestly didn't even make a difference with my pores first of all
i guess it depends on the person
this definitely did not work for me
well, neither does this one!1.
yes, skin pen really does work!
i only tried this to see what the hype was.
it does the job
if i had dry skin i think it would be great.
i can't say it does a great job when it comes to minimizing pores
i would defenitely recommend this one
tends to roll up like a caky not sure what on my skin
could be a reaction with something else i use
trying to figure out what is doing it
it did not work well for me at all
if i could i would give this no stars !
this does absolutely nothing to make my pores look smaller
it did not blurr a thing
just couldn't do it anymore
this primer does not help my oilyness nor my pores
one for myself to try
this just did not do it
this did nothing for it
you know what i had to write a review because i am so fed up with the way the bottle dispenses this product
it frustrates me to no end that no matter how careful i try to dispense the primer either nothing comes out or it explodes
all i want to use is a pea size or less i just don't need any more than than
please fix this issue
maybe it would help someone better
for the pores o don't know how much it does
for the price i don't think it is something extra ordinary
i don't know if i got a bad batch or what
when i go to squeeze product out a ton of it dispenses no matter how gentle i am
what this is supposed to do
i really couldn't see a difference with this product
i honestly did not see a difference in pore size or make up
i won't even use it because it does nothing
honestly this did nothing.
not only did it not do that
it didn't help hide them at all nor did it help my makeup stay on longer
disappointed in this $45 primer because it did nothing for me
this product just didn't do what it claims for me
for the price it doesn't do anything different than any other pore filling primer would
t does help even out my skin tone
it made it sensitive if that makes any sense
it does not live up to the hype
can't really judge how effective it is as a primer
it did nothing for my pores what-so-ever
i do appreciate how hard the saleswoman pretended that she couldn't see them
this did not make me break out which is why i have it 3 stars
don't waste your money
unfortunately this product did nothing for my skin
it will not do anything for my skin.
maybe dr. gross can afford it, but i can't.
which i don't like so much
it does balance out
going to try this in spring / summer because then i feel like it'll be enough
it just didn't work on my skin.
it certainly didn't make it any better
it does not help clear breakouts
does not make them worse either
it definitely didn't do anything for me
maybe it would work for someone else
i figured i'd give it a try
i felt it hasn't don't anything for my skin
wish i could return it
and other than that... it does nothing.
i do know that every person is different as far as skin goes
if you're like me i wouldn't waste your time or money
had to return because i couldn't take the smell.
one pump is not enough for your entire face
(ain't nobody got time for that!)
couldn't tell any difference.
i don't like it either
wanted to try this too
it does nothing for me
unfortunately this did nothing for my skin.
i don't really like this entire line of products
i can't tell you if it really works because i only used it one night
i love that you can use this on your eyes
i didn't see any benefits when i used this
don't really like the feel of it.
i would not recommend this product if you care at all about a super strong smell
i could not take it
i wouldn't say that it could take the place of a primer at all
don't waste your money
did not notice any results
i don't think much can be done to reduce them except concealer make up
but it just didn't work me.
obviously there is something in it that does not agree with my skin
maybe because i don't use it every day
the reason i don't use it every day is because i find that it starts to pill off of my face when i'm applying my foundation
it doesn't matter whether i wait 5 minutes or 24 hours
this one didn't work out for me
i don't really notice a change in my fine lines.
this product didn't do seem to make much of a difference to my face in 2 months
don't waste your money
i think we can all agree to this: you shouldn't be able to smell the cream after you put it on
i didn't want it to go to waste
although it did not break me out
i can't tell what different on my skin
i would not even give it away.
i guess my skin just did not react well with it.
i did however think that it was a little too oily for my liking
i really didn't care for this one
i can't remember the last time my skin looked this bad :
i didn't see anything happen to my face.
i agree with other reviewers who say it feels siliconey
i can't tell if i've put enough or too much on because of the texture
it may work for you if you use alone.
my skin felt like it could not breate
personally this is not the product for me
i figured i would try it
i cant really tell if it is working
i goes on easily
this didn't really do anything for me.
i couldn't even spread it around.
i really do not understand the price.
for those of you who dont know what that is
i don't know if this means i should use it for a longer period
this stuff doesnt seem to work for me
i don't know why!
this product has not done anything for my skin
i don't see much difference on my skin after using this
i'll have to try something else.
or do much of anything
i can say it has not done much for my skin
i think the price is very exaggerated for whatever it does
i wouldn't use this product again
i think it's a good cream if it agree with your skin
just can't get it to work
i didnt use long enough to tell any difference.
it does go on really easy
it didn't do anything miraculaus-it did cause me to get bumps-
dryness-so didn't help either-i tried to give it sometime 6 weeks-
i will switch to the bienfait eye cream from lancome that does the same thing
the same thing happened
not bad at all.
did not improve my skin nor did it do anything different
this oil did absolutely nothing.
don't waste your time or money.
i do not recommend this product.
however it did nothing for my skin.
did not break me out
the hype it does absolutely nothing
the people at fresh told me it's like the best thing you can ever put on your face
i don't think it's making my skin looking younger or better with its price tag
doesn't do even a half way decent job at taking of even nonwaterproof mascara
don't believe in any marketing gimmick because this product does not deliver what it promises to
'd definitely not recommend this to anyone
thought i'd try this thinking i'd get more for my money
thought i would give this a try
doesn't remove it like it claims to do
i really would not suggest it.
this doesn't do that at all.
this item simply does not work for me.
if you're wondering why i gave it 3 stars is for the smell
as it does nothing
decided to give this a try
wow did it burn my eyes
i would never recommend this product.
i do not have sensitive eyes
i do like the product to take off my make up.
the only thing i like about this is it does leave my skin soft
didn't work at all.
this product did not work for me.
asked one of the girls what she would recommend as a good cleanser that wouldn't make me break out
if you run it all over your face
stick with what you know.
i wouldnt keep on your skin
did nothing for my eye make-up
did not think that even their make up remover would be this bad
thought i would try this
this product does not do anything it claims to do
this product did not remove anything
i don't know if anyone else finds eye irritation is an issue they have with this product
it definitely does not take all of your makeup off
i hardly ever break-out like this
know the cause is this product
this cleanser i did not hesitate to return
i used this thinking i could use it for my whole face
as for the rest of my face it did okay.
does not take off at all
unfortunately it broke me out which alot of products do
so not sure yet, if you get your $'s worth.
although the product description doesn't say this
it wasn't exactly what i had in mind
i can't comment on whether it works as well as the old one
i did not leave it on long enough
very basic, does nothing else.
i know i can't entirely blame this product
didn't feel 'sunscreeny' at all either.
but i couldn't get over the strong frangrance!
i wish i took home a sample because i would have know right away that this wasn't right for me
i tried to like it
after 3 days i couldn't lie to myself anymore
stick with what you like
not for me at all.
just wish i could feel it doing it's job
if you're 24, this will work just fine.
i wouldnt say that i have exessively dry skin
do not get this if you think it's the same old benefiance moisturizer
it didn't do anything to reduce fine lines
can't really say if it makes a difference with long-term use because i couldn't get past the greasy factor after just a few nights
didn't need to use much
although it doesn't seem to do much for the wrinkles
after using this product for 6 months i can tell i didn't notice any benefits
to the point that i couldn't tell if this was the day or night product
it doesn't really absorb that well
it hasn't done anything special for my skin
otherwise, save your money!
i didn't notice that this did anything at all.
this product didn't make any difference to my fine lines… don't worth the price for sure
i can say without a doubt it did nothing good for me
price isn't worth it what more can i say it just did not work for me at all
no matter how little i applied
i sill did not see any results
don't waste your time or money.
i couldn't wait to try this product
it just didn't work for me.
product feels nice i can't say much of how effective it is because i only used it for couple of days
i didn't realize it when i ordered this eye cream
have decided to look for something else
especially to wear under makeup--if you don't let it set enough
it didn't seem to absorb
same problem no matter how much i used.
did not like it at all!
just okay, didn't notice anything special with.
guess i will just stick with that
i didn't see any results on my fine lines
unfortunately it just didn't work for me.
i also do not like how it does not absorb into the skin
t could be that this just did not work for my skin type: 20's
i cannot see any changes
it doesn't do much
it doesn't absorb well either.
i didn't see much of anything in terms of results with this particular product
can honestly say that i saw very little difference
this one really did not do much for me other than hydrate immediately after applying
this creme did absolutely nothing for me
it did absolutely nothing for me
i would not recommend it
figured i'd give this a try.
this didn't do the job quite well
i used it because someone recommended it to me at the store
they do not remove make at all.
do not waste your money
this did not work for me
this didn't work for me
so what does it do???
didn't do a great job at controlling oil/matifying for me
while i am able to use this product with my makeup i do not want to pay the price
i dont know know because of this
it's not working for me at all.
this one does not.
still on the hunt for a good mattefyer that does what it's supposed to do
the downfall is that is does not help you keep matte
i guess it didn't work for me.
it didn't do anything for my oily skin
love this product does exactly what it says it does except one thing i have found out about shiseido
for that reason i give it 3 stars.
the thing is it won't last long.
it is so gentle that you can only have the fresh feelings after you put it on your face
it does what it's supposed to do
it didn't do a very good job of controlling oil in my t-zone
the one good thing i noticed is that it didn't break me out
this is not the one for you
don't waste your money.
i didn't see any real reduction in my t zone oil/shine
it didn't help with oil-control for me unfortunately
it just ended up not doing anything for me
this did not mattify my skin at all
forth so my skin won't get used to one product
it product does exactly the opposite of what it states it does
i can't give a true review of the product because i can't get over what a waste the bottle is
if i would so much as touch my face
i couldn't return it in time
would do the job if it wasn't winter
i did not expect my skin to get so oily with this
i guess shiseido and i don't work.
cant find to much different after i used it a week
wanted to try another product
you really feel that if you live in a very hot climate like i do
know why it made me break out
i don't ever have skin issues
i changed to this cream just because i want to try something new
which didn't happen to me before
i could feel my face was not as smooth as before anymore
this is not for me
did not diminsh quickly enough
now that i did, i'm going back.
i know that whatever product i get from them
because it does not have spf protection.
i do not think that it fades my spots on its own
i think there's other better products out there.
i didn't see any difference.
either way, i don't like it.
would not recommend for anyone
i didn't like it
i don't know what it is
i did give one star as a little does go a long way
which is why i thought this product would work for me
if you need a product to not only brighten
i don't know which product
was not for me
i did not see any difference in using this vs
oh well not on my list to buy again
does not absorb quickly or completely.
my breakout did not clear
i did not want to stick around testing for that any longer
it does have spf
if you are somewhere like az where it is very dry
now i don't know what to do with what i have left
the only thing i could think of to do is to apply a light lotion on first
i will continue to give this a try because i like shiseido
and i dont know what to do to take it off!
if there was a worser word for hate
i also do not like the bottle
all you ever hear about this line is how amazing it is
i could not tell how much i had left
this product does give you a glow
doesn't do anything to your skin.
you will notice the difference after just 1 week if you're not constantly out in the sun
i can't really tell if my skin has brightened though
thinking it would be the same thing
becomes bubbly no matter what i do
i couldn't imagine using this in the summer time.
this product is not for you
i do not recommend this for my extremely dry
this product did not agree with my skin
i didn't want to waste the money
unfortunately this eye cream did not solve that problem for me
i didn't see any results
doesn't seem to do much for my eyes
this doesn't typically happen to me
it just simply wasn't for me.
it didn't really do anything for my puffiness
i didn't see a difference
this product did not benefit me in any way whatsoever
it did absolutely nothing
maybe thats interfering with their effectiveness
i can't give more than 2 stars
can't tell too much difference.
i can't tell enough difference in my skin to purchase this
did nothing for me.
it did nothing for me
this product didn't do much for my dark circles
i do not recommend it.
i wll be going back to my philosophy face cleanser
it literally does nothing at all for them
i definitely do not
this cream doesn't seem to do much for that.
it does however moisturize im going to continue to use it bc i would hate throw it away
i really see no difference at all
found it did nothing to my fine lines
i do not have dark circles necessarily
although it is hydrating i found it didn't really do anything else
did not see a difference at all
this did nothing for me!
can't say i really saw an improvement with either issue
it's not really doing the job
however, it didn't really work on me.
i refused to return it b/c i thought i have to wait a little longer to see results
it did absolute nothing
f you're concerned with that maybe consider buying the other
unfortunately it didn't do much for me
it just didn't do it for me
i don't enjoy much else
really isn't different from anything else on the market
it does not clean at all
this didn't take that off effectively
i am not entirely sure it did much for it
it didn't get worse
didn't see a difference at all
it did not clear up even after i used the whole bottle
/or want something gentle for the morning
if you actually expect it to clean something as opposed to just smearing your makeup
it didn't really work out for me.
maybe i just didn't underst
just make sure you know your skin type for sure is all i can say
i feel like my face does not get clean due to the fact that it does not lather up
for my skin it did nothing
some work, some don't!
it just didn't work for me
after a while i felt not so much anymore
maybe i just need to keep using it until i really feel like there is no change
it didnt really do anything great for me personally either
i don't like this at all
'm going to return this
i can't give it 5 stars because it didn't do anything
i don't know what happened to this cleanser
its just not the same thing
new people don't know what was in it
which i'd be willing to forgive if it worked
this might work for you
it will be sitting on my shelf until someone wants it
i just don't like it
it will take time to heal don't buy it
there isn't anything else dquite like it
i do not recommend it.
which i don't mind
i do like the fact that it doesn't have a scent
just didn't work for me :(
i did not really like this product.
i dont know if it was just because i waited a month or so to use it after purchasing
do not have foam，maybe gentle but not for me.
not sure if the formula changed
didn't work for me.
this product did half of what i wanted it to.
i don't wear a ton of make up
if you want a cleanser that pretty much does nothing
this is for you
i can feel there's something on my skin
not make it feel like i put mayo or something on it
it didn't seem to work at all.
i decided to purchase a clarisonic mia 2 to try to make my skin look even better than it already did
i may return it for another item in the line i do like ren products
didn't like this at all.
this one doesn't for me
did not like the product
so i would say skip this one.
but i wouldn't recommend it for sensitive eyes.
which doesn't make sense to me to begin with
she continued to assure me that that issue would not happen
to disregard options other than what a rep wants you to push
this did nothing for me
i do think the results are worth mentioning.
i cringe before i put it on because i know its going to make me blind for two minutes
i did not see any improvement at all
however, it did feel amazing when i put it on.
it didn't work for what i wanted it for
it didn't do anything
i didn't even think the gel was that 'cooling.'
hard to control actual amount you want to dispense
it doesn't have the 'cooling' effect
5 stars if i could
i don't think i'll buy it again.
i do not see any improvements.
i will continue to see what else is out there
i really don't see much results with use of this product
i don't have time for that.
i don't know if they have re-formulated
the ones stings my eyes if i get it anywhere near them
this gel didn't really feel like anything.
i do like the company
when you press it
is it doing anything for my eyes
i can't tell yet
let you know more after a month
i guess if anything, i like to cooling complex.
if you want to revive your eyes, get more sleep.
it gives more then u need
didnt try it permanently every day tho..
i just did not see any benefits from it
it did absolutely nothing for my dark circles.
unfortunately it didn't do much for my skin.
this product did nothing for me.
just the wrong fit for my skin type.
this product did nothing for me
i definitely would not recommend this product.
because my local sephora would not let me return the product
i don't see the effects of it much
now that i'm writing this i feel like maybe i'll just return it
i don't think i'll buy it again
i'll have to see what else i find
i mean, come on.
that's all i can say about it
so someone with really dry skin might want to look elsewhere
i feel like i could get the same at a drugstore.
it didn't work for me
not really in my pores either come to think of it
didn't do too much for me.
i hate how tight this makes my skin feel after only a minute or two
it almost doesn't want to stay on your skin.
really what mask doesn't?for the price i expected more
not sure it does anything for me.
it just doesn't make much of a difference pore size wise
if you want something that does more thn slightly reduce
this product is not for you
i wouldn't recommend this
i really couldn't tell much of any difference in my skin at all after using it
this doesn't work for me
i do not recommend this product to anyone.
i don't know if i got a bad tube or if it really is horrible
i did not like this product.
when i do this all it does is flake off.
this didn't do that as much as i would have liked
this ren product does what it promises
if you're really concerned about your acne
i would give it 5 stars
i could never get it off
did the complete opposite of what i wanted
i don't know how i feel about this product because it makes my skin incredibly soft
for $30 i can find something that cleans better
i really do think it's helping with my break outs
i never get enough product
i think that for my type of skin
am hoping they change to something that actually allows you to dispense this great product
why dermadoctor decided to fix something that wasnt broken is beyond me
when it does work it puts out such a piddly amount that it's more frustrating than anything else
this product really doesn't work for me
even drugstore options do better regardless of if i use my clarisonic or not
which is what enticed me when wanting to find something new to try
i could not get rid of them
i do not recommend
i would not recommend this to even my worse enemy
if you've ever tried youthmud from glamglow
maybe for someone younger.
honestly i can't say much about this wash.
it does sting but not too bad.
do not buy this product if you have sensitive skin
but i like how it goes onto my skin.
didn't feel like this would be different
if i didn't see any results i could easily return the product
think that's what i'll be switching to
this didn't work for me.
i wanted to give it a try
not any better than the ptr mask
this doesn't make me red or anything like that
the only reason i actually kinda hate this product is because it literally flakes off if you apply moisturizer or anything over it
it just doesn't work
i don't know why
do the same thing
this one i feel i need to
figured it would work miracles
do not buy if you have very sensitive skin
i wanted to try to clear it up
do not recommend it for sensitive skin
doesn't seem like it did anything really.
it certainly didn't stop it from happening
this didn't really do anything for me
it did not work at all
maybe i have not used long enough.
when you attempt to apply anything over it
i want to give it a little longer to work
i can't say it did anything wonderful for my skin either
i don't know if it gonna works for my skin
t obviously didn't do what it was meant to do
at least for me anyway
i don't know if the serum caused the breakout or if it didn't do a good job of preventing it or if i was going to break out no matter what
that just isn't what has happened
i wish i could say this worked
i certainly don't think the serum is making my breakout worse
didn't do much for my breakouts.
i don't think it was strong enough for my skin.
although it didn't get worse
i feel like you don't get a lot of product for the $
it just didn't do anything for me
money wasted as i couldn't return it anymore
it did not come with a pump
i couldn't tell it did anything for my skin
this just didn't do much for my oily
not sure what happened but i'm done using it now.
i am just not sure i can tolerate the smell from this product
thought why not give this a try the texture is unique
i don't know what it is with philosophy products
it really didn't do much of anything for my skin
the nice thing is i think you could use it once or twice
really know if you like it or not
i want to like it
thought i'd give this one a try
i returned because i did not get the effect i desired
i will keep trying it and write back.
the closest store to me does not carry it
i think i'll return it to the store
i didn't see any power in it
the same thing happened without the retin-a
i simply did not see any improvement
i don't think i'll continue to use this product in consideration of my eyes
i really don't know why
i don't feel it made any sort of difference in my skin
this just didn't work for me.
i did not realize by the description that this was nightime only
wanted to give it enough time to write a fair review
this is not it
i am trying to like this product, just not yet...
i do mean slight
anyway the point is that i would not pay $100 for this
does not work too expensive for junk that i swear my eyes look ten years older after using do not buy
it did not do anything for me
it works when you first apply it
this is not something i will use again
it didnt do anything for me
if i am not super careful my entire face pills
i honestly don't know why they would recommend this
i wouldnt not recommend for oily skin even though more than one store associate has told me to use it for my skin type
it absolutely did not work out for me
i just simply couldn't st
it just did not do anything for me
for the love of god do not use this if you have acne prone skin
make me break out like crazy
save yourself the trouble
i mean to be fair
the only thing i'm happy about with this is that it didn't break out my skin
if anything i think it caused more
not the product for me
i still do use this on occassion
nothing too hard to h
it does not make me break out
it does not do anything for my skin either
as this product does nothing at all
wanted to try something new
definitely not something i would use again.
didn't irritate or break it out
i definitely don't recommend for anyone prone to excessive oil
this just doesn't feel same to me
i do not plan on rebuying
i felt as if i hadn't put enough on
return it didn't work for me.
it didn't do too much for me
i wouldn't recommend this product
did not care for.
it does what it's supposed to do
doesn't make me breakout
i could get this from alot of products that don't cost as much
i don't see alot of extra improvements to my skin that people claimed
it didn't make anything worse
it didn't make me break out or anything
i don't feel like it did miracles either
it doesn't do anything!
i feel like it doesn't even clean myself
nothing happened to my skin
i feel like the foam doesn't do much.
i didn't see any change in my skin
if you use this product
you notice that it's making you break out more stop immediately
can't even explain it
i don't know if this has helped me.
or it just doesn't work well with my skin
since it didn't work on me
i decided to try something different
help with breakouts you do have
not only did it not clean my face like other cleansers it also made me break out terribly which i normally don't
i don't feel like it would
it did not work for me maybe because it was too gentle
best of luck for whoever does buy it
this seemed to irritate rather than clear anything up
didn't end up loving this enough to keep it
maybe for someone with bad acne this might be good
it didn't do anything to help it either
for me it didn't do the trick
at first i didn't feel like it would clean well or help get rid of all my make up
i don't think i will buy this again.
i never used anything from clinique
honestly i don't know
do not feel that it works on me.
i will never look back
dont waste your money on this!
i didn't see any results.
i got so used to it essentially doing nothing that i thought i must have a mutant
if you need a pimple to go away quickly i would try another product
it doesn't do a thing.
i don't find this to do anything special.
doesn't feel like anything when it goes on
i don't see any results
ask what they recomend we do
it's never failed me
wanted to try something new
it did not seem to make a difference at all with any of my blemishes
do not feel like i got any sort of added benefit from this
with the system i don't think it did anything
whatever the case, what a waste of money!
i would not recommend this to anyone.
my skin did not change
i do not recommend this product.
i do think it helps
it simply doesn't work.
this product didn't help me
didn't make it worse
i decided to give it a try.
didn't work for me and don't recommend.
i would pick at some whenever it looks like it's ready to pop
wanted to try something new
did not specify that it will only really help brown spots
didn't even know what it was
i think it actually made them worst
otherwise it did nothing for me
hopefully it does its trick when i finish the bottle
i want to throw it out
didn't do anything for my skin.
i can not recommend this product
i can't stand it.
this stuff didn't work out
don't waste your money
do not use this product
i didn't see it make a big difference on my cheek
this product did not work for me.
i would not recommend it.
i did not see any difference.
it didn't do much for me
i would not recommend this for anyone with my skin type
for me this product did not work.
not sure why people complain about it
thought this might help me even out my skin tone
anyway on to the review
because of the amount of bad alcohol it can't be recommend for anyone
i can't tell because i break out constantly
really did not see any results
i do know i will be returning this.
definately doesn't do anything at all
not what i wanted
i saw it do absolutely nothing
i don't believe they improved them very much either
it didn't do the job that it's supposed to do.
he wouldn't have ordered themself just "because"
i didn't know what to think because the cream is quite heavy
did the job fine
i did not like
a little of this cream does not go a long way.
i wanted to give it a chance
i don't think so.
i do know that i did not like this cream because i found it to be very greasy on my skin
let you know how my spots are
will not purschase after im done
i think it would be great for others who don't have that issue
just not for me
but as far as wrinkles go, ahhhhh noot do much.
though i love this line because it doesn't break my face out
can try something else
i would not recommend this product.
which actually works on those fine lines all of us 40-ish women want rid of
does not do anything at all
did nothing for me.
i dont even have any major ones
this did not help.
this won't work for you
i do not recommend this product to anyone.
suffice to say it may clean my skin
really didn't work for my skin.
honestly feel like it did nothing for my skin
it didn't make it better, or worse.
i don't feel it did anything regular bar soap did for my face
it didn't do much
it didn't help my acne go away either.
for whatever reason this doesn't work on my face
sadly it didn't do anything
it didn't even remove my make up :
i wont be using it again.
i honestly felt like this cleanser did nothing for me
i find that it doesn't do much else
i feel like it just doesn't do the job i need
it did not help clear my acne either.
i think it actually made it worse
i couldn't believe how many blemishes i ended up with
maybe you'll like this
it really has not done anything for my acne :/
i did not find it to help my skin at all
it just didn't do anything.
i honestly did not see any results or change to my acne or blemishes
i would not recommend this stuff or the line at all
i tried boscia after hearing really good things about them
almost nothing which is great for those of us with sensitive skin who can't use anything with fragrance
it did not make a difference on my pores
literally did nothing for my skin.
didn't do a thing on my skin
really didn't notice anything.
didn't help didn't do anything bad.
this product did not work for me at all
it doesn't do much otherwise
it doesn't cause harm either
this essentially did absolutely nothing to stop it to help clear it up really
i think that if your skin works well with this br
than you might like this product
i don't like boscia so that might be the problem
maybe i need something stronger.
so i tried it.
that's about all it has going for it.
see if that works
this didn't work for me.
unfortunately it doesn't work for me
i just wish sephora would bring it back!
something that lets me know the product is working
i think my face got worse
it didn't make it worse either
want to get rid of it once
'm not sure if it's the combination of the products that is keeping my skin clear or a single product
it did not clear my breakout at all
did not make it worse
i don't know if i will buy it again
i would say this product is really gentle
because i know natural is much better for your skin
did nothing for my skin.
it did not feel like it was cleaning whatsoever
i don't usually return products but i did this.
don't waste your money.
i don't know if it really does much for my skin
i don't think i can just use this cleaner because sometimes you have to feel like you're getting rid of the crud on your face
-- i don't think product made much of a difference
my logic is that bacteria could easily get in there especially if you leave it st
unfortunately, it did nothing for me.
now that it didn't work
i don't think i would try the other redness solutions products either
i don't think it gave great results
fortunately i did not break out.
i don't know if i broke out or if it's just my rosacea
i wanted to stay hopeful which is why i didn't return it
now i got stuck with something that doesn't help my problem
i tried it alone
thought i would give this a try
it really does nothing for me
it just didn't satisfy me
why they'd put something like this into something meant for people with roseacea
not really doing anything
'm not even sure why i would put it on my face at all
i keep reading the description trying to figure out what it does
my experience has been that it doesn't do much of anything to improve my complexion or anything else
it didn't matter time of day
did not see a difference at all
i can tell you i am never buying this again
can't really tell after 2 weeks of using.
which doesn't really mean anything
i don't think this product has any long-term effects either
i dont notice any results
plus it didn't do what it promised at all.
which i can tolerate
i am really not sure if this works or not.
i don't see enough of a change to buy it again though
i didn't use it long enough to really see if it worked for redness
it did not exactly do as it says it should
it also did not change anything with my skin
i do not think this is worth it if i was to use it just as a moisturizer
will try to find something else.
it does not seem to absorb well
just does not stay well at all
this does nothing for it
not only my skin doesn't respond to it
i did just what the directions told me to do.
it hasn't done anything
this product did nothing to help with it.
it did not irritate my skin bu tit also didn't help much
i doubt i would order it again.
i don't expect wonders
unfortunately, this product did not work for me.
didn't expect it to feel like this based on what it cost
then decide if i want to buy it again
it didn't do anything for me after a reasonable time using it
i will have to use more of the product before i can tell for sure if it does all that it says it will do
i don't know about fading dark spots yet to soon to tell
i tried this because i wanted to get more of a glow
it didn't absolutely nothing formy skin just made my bank account less :
i didn't know much of a change in my skin other than it feeling really soft afterwards
however, it did nothing for me.
i think this is the kind of product that you need to use 'long-term'
sad it didn't do anything.
this literally did absolutely nothing for my skin
i would even be ok with a heavy
maybe this is just me
i would not recommend if you have my skin type!!
it didn't do any good for my skin either.
wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
likely wouldn't try it again.
i didn't mind it when it was on my skin
given the type of mask it is that didn't surprise me or bother me
i know it was the mask because i didnt change anything else in my skincare routine
decides to finally give it a try
this product does not help at all
one thing i did notice
i didn't expect a product to break me out so bad
even when you take it off
if you never use masks or are new to ren i'd recommend it
it doesn't really "wow" me otherwise
i just feel like my skin isn't any different after i use it
didn't do anything for my skin
all i can say is i am glad i only tried a sample this did nothing at all for my skin
can find what works for me
i will try again to see
it also did nothing for my face
i did not notice any results
just to see what would happen
so sometimes when i am in a hurry
just not this one
i can already tell a difference
do some research before wasting your money
i can't say it works yet
then again, i can't say it doesn't work either...
it's hard to judge how much moisturizer i actually need
it doesn't really work
i am not sure that the mess is worth it
not only it didn't make my under eyes better
although i don't think this product can hurt
i did not notice any difference when i used it
actually it did not help much
but it does feel smooth when apply it.
it did absolutely nothing for my dark circles
it didn't do anything for me
did nothing for my dark cirlces
didn't do anything to the dark circles
cream was ok, nothing special about it.
doesn't really do anything to improve dark circles which is the main reason i got it for
i don't like this.
i didn't expect it will completely reduce my dark circles
so the first time, i let it go.
didn't get any better
i should know better
maybe one of these days someone will make a product that can really do something
mostly i think it's all you-know-what
i did not use this each
i just don't have the discipline for that when i see no results
the sephora associate practically promised me that this cream was like nothing i'd ever used
was sure to give me results
i don't see even a small difference
this eye cream did absolutely nothing
don't waste your money.
unfortunately i did nothing for my dark circles
which might not be a good thing because i already got 7 kids
f i look any younger…you know what happens right?
i don't need anymore kids
i didn't see any results from this product.
i really want something to work
if you are in your 20's
if you are in your 30's like me
i don't conclude it it terrible bc it did work for other people
spots did not work for me
this did absolutely nothing to my under eyes
unless you're like a new born baby you will have them
it did absolutely nothing for me i even used a whole jar up
still it did nothing what a waste of almost 60 bucks
it didn't do anything for my dark circles
it didn't do anything bad
it definitely didn't do anything at all
have pretty much decided if you have dark circles like mine
i hope this or another product can work for you :
for now it's 3 stars since i don't know whether it will work/is working yet
i decided to give this cream a try
thats about all it does
it didn't seem to help with any of it
see if i like it better
i don't like to give bad reviews as this one
when you apply it
this causes the illusion that it does something
that's why some say it "goes when i apply makeup"
doesn't cut it for me at all
not quite sure what to make of it.
maybe after awhile i might change my mind
i don't think so
poor excuse for an eye cream if you ask me
it did zilch for me
here's what i have to say
like i am sure any other eye cream will do
i do not see a difference
wouldn't recommend it for someone with sensitive skin
nothing i thought it would be
it did not work for my skin type
i feel there's better out there
it does the job
i didn't care about the outside anymore
because the product is light weight you don't need much product
i didn't find that it really helped too much with hydration
it just doesn't do anything for me
it still does nothing
think i'm doing something wrong
i don't think i am:/
still don't like it
it wouldn't soak in my skin no matter how long i let it set for
it made me feel like i needed to apply it every 4 hours
wanted to see what's the difference between them
doesn't make me break out
next i did this
it was so thick i really did need just a drop
the other half asks if the burn is really worth it
didn't like the scent, but it did go on smoothly.
i personally can't get over the scent though.
not sure if it's meant to burn a little or what
i won't use it again
i did not like the feeling it gave me
it it will break you out if you don't use it sparingly
i don't want them to be overperfumed ether
don't remember them being overly scented so not sure why this one is
i feel like it does not absorb quickly
i would say probably not
1- you need a lot for you entire face
3- i dont know how people think of it as a "primer"
don't take this if you have sensitive skin.
didn't see or feel any difference.
if i apply anything on top
this one didn't work for me personally
it did feel good on my face
do not recommend this product!
i can't speak to how well it works under foundation
i think it's way too expensive to not do what it is supposed to
find a way to make do
thid just will not work for me
i'd much rather use a primer that i like
t did not go to waste :-
you do need to use just a small amount
that's about the only good thing i can say about this product
did nothing for me.
it does nothing for me except make my face look oily when i wake up
i wish i could return it
i found it to do nothing
i will try to see if my skin will adjust.
maybe because i don't have a lot of wrinkles
so you really don't know how much cream is actually in the jar
that's not a reason to spend so much money because you won't see any effect
this didn't work well for me
i won't continue using this
don't do it with this one
it's not what i expected.
didn't like this at all.
if this is true
i forget the reason.
i need an exfolliant which this so does not do
so for me, it doesn't work.
if your skin does not need daily exfolliant
i don't even want to use this product anymore.
i want to give it more time
i don't think i'll be buying it again.
it didn't make me breakout
it also didn't improve my skin in anyway
i think i might try something else
i decided to give this a try since i do like the toner
this doesn't normally happen even when i will get dry
not sure if its the dmae in the product not agreeing with me or if i'm not wrinkled enough
hesitatnt to try anything else from the line
i just could not use it
it seems that no matter how gently
but, it did not change my skin.
don't tell me that a dr only puts things in glass
i think this actually made my crow's feet worse
i gotta say for amount of money i paid i saw noooooo result
expensive; but don't see result.
then this one does the job
really should try to do something to minimalize the smell
i will never use it anymore
this is just not for me.
it might work for you
i'll continue to use and see how it does.
can't say if it works under those circumstances
while i didn't do much for the fine lines
wish i could return it
did not work for me at all and it stings.
too soon to tell if results good
i dont see drastic changes as i did before
apparently it is not avaliable anymore nor do i remember the products name
i can not tell why it is called advanced
for the $ did not love it.
this product did not work for me
it did not irritate mine
even if i weren't allergic it still didn't do wonders
i don't suggest at all
i really didn't notice any results during that time
i did with this
i did to this one
i figured i just needed to give my face a week to get used to this face wash
perricone products that didn't do much for me
i did not see any difference than what i was getting from what i was using
that's about the best comment i can make for this product
i just cant justify it
i don't see or feel any difference between this
i knew it would never work
this doesn't do it.
i do not like this product
this one does an ok job.
not only did this not live up to even one of the promises
i did not get it into my eyes
if it works for you i envy you
didn't work for me
i guess i stupidly assumed that the big price would come with big results
i need to keep looking because this product isn't do an dang thing
not sure what i think about this.
at first i didn't notice anything
you might want to re-think this
this unfortunately did nothing for me.
i really needed it for that reason alone
i tried to ignore the smell because i was assured that it would tone up my frown lines instantly
doesn't do anything amazing for my skin
it makes me wonder if the perricone company is writing these reviews
i don't notice any difference when i use it or not
where you want it
just don't get it at all.....
i think ole henrikson just doesn't agree with my skin
i really wanted this to work but it did not.
if you want to feel clean
it did nothing else for me
didn't feel like it was doing much cleansing when i used it
didn't work for me
didn't do much for skin tone or break outs either
it was not for me
it's a good basic cleanser if you need something that gets the job done
they don't seem to stand behind products.
you have to clarify what is in your products
yet, i do love the 3 little wonders.
thought i'll give it a try
i don't know what it is.
doesn't do anything special for your skin
doesn't do anything for my skin- it doesn't make it feel any cleaner
my skin doesn't seem to mind either
you will see such a difference.
don't waste your money.
sadly it does not work for me
it does not do a good job of cleaning my face.
i honestly don't even think it cleans your face
i didn't see any of the anti-aging
i did like the way this product layered with my foundation- i didn't even use a primer
i definitely won't be buying this again because i am sure i can find something better
the effect does go away
i know you are supposed to avoid your eye area
that still didn't help
i won't be using this product anymore.
this absorbed so quick that it felt like i never put anything on
it was like it didn't absorb properly or something?
it didn't make me break out which is good
i can't chose one reason why i don't l like this moisturizer
i did not like the feel of this
it did not absorb
i do like this moisurizer as i wanted something very light
i don't think i have really dry skin
and, it doesn't harm my skin that i can see.
don't waste your time or money on this one
i don't care what this does or how it performs because i cannot get over the stink
see if it works better then
it did break me out quite a lot
though i would not recommend this to anyone
it did absolutely nothing
i would not recommend this
i would say i have dry
i wouldn't say it's been anything life changing for me however i have not experienced any downsides to using it
i don't have to wait long for it to absorb or anything
i honestly can't say it did all that much
it didn't make anything worse
use less than you think you need
it definitely isn't something i would spend money on
unfortunately it didn't work for me.
to someone who doesn't have easily upset skin i'm sure this would be a lovely product
this did not do anything for me
i won't be trying any ren products ever again.
i don't enjoy the pump
always get either too little or too much
i feel like with this one you're not paying for the effectiveness
i wouldn't suggest this product
i think i'm going to return this
it was like i hadn't even used it
i keep debating whether to send it back or not
don't see much difference otherwise
they did not work well for me
i did not find it mattifying nor did it decrease my break-outs
i wouldn't get it again though.
i did not have much luck with this product.
did not work for me
did not see any difference in using it
so far i am not sure
this didn't work for me at all.
i don't believe it actually made my skin look matte
i dont have that many breakouts
dont know if it helped with that
i dont think it did anything for me
i don't think it mattifies anything at all
and this one... did not make any miracle.
it does not break me out
feel like i couldn't cover my whole face easily
i think if you are super dry
but i just don't.
i don't mind it too much though.
it doesn't do anything the cheaper moisturizers in sephora can't do
no way i would ever use this not even if it magically made my skin perfect
guess it's good if you or the people you live with have no sense of smell
overall i guess it did not absorb.
i don't know if i'm allergic to any of the ingredient
for that price, you can find something better
just can't get past the smell to see if it delivers any results
not sure why it bothers me so much
it might be pleasing to someone else
i do like this, don't get me wrong.
doesn't seem to absorb all the way
i am not sure if i am using too much
maybe it is just my skin type
i will probably try something else next
while it did not break me out
which does not usually happen
i don't see much of a difference in my skin
it would feel like a waste
this does not absorb.
it baffles me that anyone can claim that this is fast absorbing or lightweight
the greasiness is enough to make me not want to use it anymore
now that i know how much this is i'm going to make sure i get every last bit from my sample
as i don't have to worry about wrinkles just yet
i expected this stuff to blow my mind, it didn't.
if you can get past that
unfortunately, it didn't do anything special.
which it did not
thus the reason this product did not agree with me
not what i like
it wasn't anything special
i really do like fresh products
you don't get alot of product
maybe someday i will bite the bullet.
i don't think it really does anything to improve my skin at all
it doesn't really do anything for my skin
as you take it off
does not do anything to my skin
it does just an okay job.
doesn't do much at all for me
i would never a penny for this, let alone $112??
couldn't wait to try it because a lot of youtubers rave about it
i don't see it doing much else
two stars rather than one because it didn't do anything negative to my skin either
this product doesn't do anything to my skin
don't waste your money.
i tried pretty much everyone of them
this mask didn't do much for me
i didn't feel or see any results
it doesn't do anything my cheaper masks cannot do
does not seem to do anything.
do not really notice much
it really doesn't do anything though
$92 for a product that doesn't do anything?
you may like it
i didn't get any results from this.
the fact that it doesn't look like a scary mask when you apply it
don't expect anything else
did absolutely nothing for me.
i don't see anything happening
even though the price doesn't bother me
it didn't do that much
i will keep using though because i do feel like my skin didn't get irritated from it like other products i have used
this is the only product so far i am not sure i like
do not think i would buy it again
this product didn't work for me.
i could only say this is not for me.
didn't do anything for my skin
i just can't recommend this
something in this mask just did not agree with my skin which really disappointed me because i wanted so badly for this to be my new skin treat
i wonder if anyone mentioned this
this is not for me
i didn't give it 1 star because it would be unfair
probably try to find something else the next time
this does take all my make up off
wow did this irritate
i don't know what i expected
it doesn't remove make up that well to be honest
honestly i would return it if i didn't live so far from sephora
like a mask or something
it does say "not for individual sale" on it so maybe it is like that because it is kind of sample
i can not say if i have ever run into a product that i hate more than this one
weird feeling that i could not use it
didn't want to waste it
didn't work for my skin
s still doesn't work
i will use up the tube since it doesn't seem to break me out so far
i wouldn't recommend this for people who have sensitive skin
i don't like this!
i won't use it anymore after 2 tries
this does that to me.
i could tell that it was wrong
it takes make up off really well other than that i don't see the huge difference fr the rest
this may be a good product, but i didn't like it.
don't want to go through my whole cleansing routine
when i got this home it didn't seem to budge my makeup
maybe if you do light-normal applications
it didn't seem to do much at all for me
what i do like about
it does not have a luxurious feel.
i think i'm going to return it
doesn't do as good a job
this is just a warning that it can break you out
figured that i would try it out
don't get me wrong
unfortunately it didn't do much of anything for me in regard to dryness
i still am not sure what this does
the good thing about this is that it didn't cause me to break out
honestly don't really know what to do with it
i can't imagine putting this all over my face without something more acne-fighting because i think it would definitely break me out
skip this unless you have a lot of money you wanna drop
it just wouldn't come off
i did not see great results
sorry, but this is a no go for me
it does nothing but break me out.
would not recommend to anyone.
i don't see any result from using this.
it doesn't really do anything to my hair either
it just didn't "do it" for me.
i guess it's true that you get what you pay for.
see if that changes anything
what do you know
it did nothing for me
my skin looks exactly the same if i use this product or if i don't
thought i'd give it a try
it didn't do much.
i mean it literally does not work.
wouldn't suggest it at all.
this stuff does absolutely nothing for it
if you do some research
is not the same thing
if i see a difference
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
it does not feel as if it absorbed
needs someone like me
i don't know how it's possible
unfortunately, this was a fail for me.
i highly doubt sephora can do anything about this
i won't get it again -misssrm
this didn't do anything for my skin
i guess it happens.
after using it for 3-4 weeks i still can't see what the fuss is about
not sure why this costs so much money
this one did not work out for me
was never sure if i got all the areas i wanted to cover
was hoping for something that would give me dewiness
this really didn't do it for me.
the stuff i buy usually does last quite a while
what is the point of using it at all if you dint use it right
right away i didn't notice any difference with this under my moisturizer
i've read that you should give a product like 6 weeks to see results
it didn't help my little fine lines
this did nothing for me unfortunately.
i totally disagree with everything she said now that i've tried it
one that does not make my eyes run all day long.
it didn't make me breakout or cause problems to my skin
no matter how long i wait it just sits on top of my skin
it just didn't work for me.
doesn't break me out
it does not absorb quickly.
i will return this product & try something else.
i think it might make me break out a bit.
it didn't work for me
i did not care for this at all.
i probably need to wait
does not control oil at all.
my skin did not like it all
dont really like this cream
the same bottle w/out the spf will probably work best for me i'm not sure
you definately need something better for night time
it doesn't protect you
doesn't do much in the way of fighting lines
i swear no matter what i did it would seep into my eyes
hadn't used anything else on my face besides this
give me the spf coverage i needed
why did they mess with a good thing.
i think the clinique stuff caused me to break out a little
i did not like how you had to scoop the product out either
i couldn't believe it
figured this product would be a good bet
i can tell that they changed their formula which i am not crazy about
this would've been a good product if it didn't cause my breakouts
now, clinique does not have it.
it didn't feel soothing to me or anything like that
i dont have any real complaints about this except that i didnt feel as if it was doing much
we all want to see results fast
not that i do that often
why it is written that it is fragrance free when it is not
maybe it is good for somebody, but not for me.
i am not gonna buy it again.
not sure what's going on.
please do not buy this product.
i do not recommend this product.
do not waste your money.
i feel like it doesn't do anything to really help my skin
'm not sure how it's suppose to feel
don't mind that as much
unfortunately, he doesn't like it neither.
i don't mean i don't care for it
one major thing i don't like about it is the pump doesn't work properly- maybe it's just mine
i don't feel clean at all after using it
would not recommend it to anyone.
however, i did not like this one.
i don't like it
i don't usually write negative reviews
this was nothing like what thought it should be
gotta send it back.
you think it would be doing something
i don't want to throw it away.
then you would be fine
i can't really review the moisturizer because the scent was so strong i couldn't even try it
i want to prevent them though
i couldn't believe how dry it made my eye area
didn't think much of it
it just seemed to sort of... sit there.
i didn't really like it
it didn't seem to do much for my dark circles.
this one is just ok
i don't think this is a good one for that purpose
the very little that i have didn't disappear
i will not recommend this.
i just want my money worth
even in the morning i am stuck with it i don't know where to use it
what product every one else is reviewing because i am telling everbody right now that this product does not work
because it sure can't be this one!
it didn't work for me
wanted to try something that wouldn't leave me shiny
didn't do anything for oil control
in my case it did not .
it still doesn't do what it claims
i do not recommend this at all!!
i think depending on what you use over this
i gave it 3 stars because it does exactly what it's suppose to
it does not absorb quickly
i do not suggest this
but it didn't help my oily t zone much.
i don't think this is going to work for me during the winter months
it just doesn't work for me
this product didn't work for me
this sadly did not work for me
this did absolutely nothing but make me oilier.
it just doesn't work
this didn't work for me at all.
i don't hate it either
can really get the effect i'd like
this product just didn't work for me:
did nothing to keep me matte
didn't work for me
not only did i break out
my friend once asked why did my face look so wet.
whenever i use this i find myself having to do an extra work on cleanisng at night maybe because of the sunscreen in it
then you clearly see shine
it did nothing for me in regards to oil control
not sure it does much.
will try something else next time.
this product definitely does what its supposed to
i just dont like the sticky like feeling it leavs after you apply it
this product will do nothing for you
i would definitely return it if i didn't brake original package
i do not use this as a st
i did not feel matte after trying to use for a month
i didn't like it
i didn't know what was the reason because the break out wasn't immediate
i almost feel like it made things worse.
asked me what was wrong with my skin
i decided to try the clarins
i guess i will try that
see if i like it better
definitely not for me.
it did an okay job of removeing my makeup
i would recommend that you try instead if you have dry or sensitive skin
definitely not for me.
rritating to the eyes even if you don't directly use around eyes
i will finish what i have
this might work for you
however, it doesn't do what it is supposed to do.
it didn't do a thing for them.
it did nothing is the reason for the poor review
i do not recommend this.
couldn't keep using it
i think it might be a little irritating?
i don't have many wrinkles so perhaps they're not deep enough for this cream to really do anything about them
for some reason i couldn't find it
i couldn't believe how drying this was!
i don't see a difference in my lines
no matter how hard i try not to get it too close to my eyes
i know i should be wearing something at night
don't bother with any of this lancome line.
let alone diminish fine lines
this product did nothing for me
so far this eye cream does help me with puffyness
it does much more than dior did for me
this just didn't do anything special for me
this one just didn't seem to work for me
it just didn't help me
i did not see any results
at least i did not notice any.
i need something that is going to work
maybe it is just me
i do not like this stuff
if anything they look worse.
this one just didn't work out
not for me, going back.
i did not have a good experience
this one definitely didn't make the cut
if i use it dailly
nothing has even done that to me before
i do not see a difference
i found the product did not do what it was to do!
i do think the bottle is too small
i don't see much difference with or without it
for it's price i really wanted to see something
i do not recommend this product.
i didn't see any change whatsoever
i still have the bottle because i didn't want to return to the store to be convinced on buying something else
just wanted to warn you all
don't waste your money
i didn't see much difference
i can't imagine using this every day.
i did give it two stars because it did not break me out
this did nothing for me.
it didn't dry me out or make me break out
maybe for someone in need of something for aging
it just didn't work out for me
it did irritate my skin a lot even when i used it every other night
i just could not take the chance
it was not for me
i think the product just didn't like my skin!
or even think you might have sensitive skin
not sure what to do at this point.
i don't yet see anything this has done
i normally dont consider myself as having sensitive skin
i wouldn't recommend it for people who have the same type of skin
i will say, that i think it's just not for me.
i am not sure what exact ingredient caused the problem
will have to try something else
but that is the only thing i like about it.
the packaging however it just didn't seem to do much for me
would not recommend this if you have sensitive skin
i did like the way it felt
it just doesn't soak in well enough on me i guess
it feels good but i don't need breakouts.
whenever i would apply it to my face
i would definitely not recommend this product to anyone simply because it is not gentle
it does exactly what it says.
please try this product thoroughly before you buy- don't let the hype get to you too soon
if you do not have really dry skin then please stay away from this product
i don't know if i will purchase this again even though i like the product
a return for me, try before you buy!
i did like how the cream felt
i did not like this product.
this is not something i would want to spend money on
i happen not to want it at all.
i don't plan on buying another once it's all gone
i don't not like this product.
did you know that this is a pump lid?
i know i'm not the only person who was confused about this
it just did not work for me
did not do well on my sensitive skin.
i didn't think my skin was too sensitive until i tried this
what i needed it to do.
that it doesn't quite get everything clean
some times it better to stick to what you know.
somehow i got this
it does really clean
it didn't do anything for my skin.
you can get something like this at a much cheaper price else where
if you don't have sensitive skin
it you don't have sensitive skin i would resommend it
this product wasn't anything special.
if that's not something you're willing to try for like a month or 2 stay away
i do notice that my skin is more clear
i dont really feel like it does anything at all.
by itself it doesnt do much for me
this product did not live up to the hype.
however it didn't help.
it didn't make anything worse
this might work for you
just didn't do anything for me
this stuff did not do that
dont buy when your skin is very sensitive!
the only plus is it didn't make me breakout
it's up to you if you want to try
i feel like i'm wasting product because i don't have as much control on the amount that comes out
thought to give it a try
did not work for me
did not do anything for my breakouts
you never know how much is in the container until you run out
i feel like i use a lot of it just so my skin won't feel as tight
i think this is a great moisturizer for someone who wants something light that won't break them out
doesn't break me out
honestly does nothing out of the ordinary
i don't fall into either
t was not good for my skin
i do appreciate that this is oil-free.
at first it didn't bother me
i would skip this
it didn't make me breakout
it does nothing to control oil
i would not recommend.
the smell is so bad i can't even get past it to see if it works
see if i like it
i just don't care for this
that is about all it has going for it imo
i know it says oil free
i really can't wait till i find something better
this moisturizer did not "wow" me enough to be worth the $65
i don't typically use them
please do not use if you have any allergies/sensitive skin
unfortunately didn't work for me
i do not feel like it helped clear my acne
this product did zero for me
this was not for me.
it was so bad for me i thought i would never leave the house
this didn't really do much for me.
i mean it was't bad
just didn't do much of anything
it didn't do anything for my skin.
this product does nothing to my face
i decided to try this product
i dont recommend it
it saddens me to say this is a total fail for my skin type
the pressing jar is a good idea until you travel
the design made it impossible to tell how much product is left
i didn't think it would be this bad
if you apply too much
it didn't break me out
it does the job
i gotta say it didnt really help much with my skin
it didn't make me break out
i give it two stars because it didn't break me out
there doesn't seem to be a happy medium here.
for whatever reason it doesn't feel nearly as luxurious at it used to
i tried to tolerate it
unfortunately for me this mosturizer did not work with my skin
the pump isn't working anymore after a week of use
really annoying once you get down to the bottom
my focus is on the texture of this product which doesn't still convince me after 3
it didn't make me break out or anything
it's enough to make me seek out a different product
it doesn't soak into your skin like you'd think it would
i wouldn't recommend it.
it didn't feel like it did anything
i don't think this cream helped it at all
it doesn't "do" enough for me
if your sensitive or day i imagine it would be great
i really wanted to like it and i just couldn't.
it did not break me out
wasn't sure if it was this specific product so that's why i tried it out again
not normal for me
doesn't feel the same
i can't find anything comparable
i don't like it as much at all.
i never ever breakout if i do it's usually from my monthly visitor
might work for some but didn't work for me :(
i don't think that it was helping either
i know this works for plenty of people
i would't recommend this product to anyone who have sensitive skin
you win some, you lose some.
just didn't work for me
but it let me feel dry the more i used it.
i like that much about it.
wanted to see if i would love this more
i definatly do prefer my other cleanser over this one
you may love it
you couldn't make me use this product again for any amount of money
let me first by explaining my skin.
didn't mind how much it would cost
you need to keep at it
however, it didn't work for me- at all.
i don't know why
for 150 bucks you need to do something after a week
for the price i would think this product would do wonders for my skin
i wanted it to do wonders.
it doesn't really "do" anything for the skin.
typically nothing bothers me
spend your big bucks on something else
i gave this 4 months to do something...
thought i will try it
thought it is so not worth it
not only did it perform sooooo much better on my skin
i think until we learn as woman we are being taken by the industry we will keep paying ridiculous prices for things that do not do anymore for us
read so much about the kate somerville product line that i couldn't wait to get my h
don't waste your money
i would not use it again
product does go along way
don't push down on the top to hard because you only need a tiny bit
she told me it would take 4
that's why i decided to try this product
am not so sure i would pay for this product again
i don't see any other results
couldn't wait to get it off
maybe you wouldn't want this to absorb into your skin
i definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone
the only problem is that i do not think it is really penetrating that deeply into my skin
does not make my face break out or shine
it does not address my problem
you want it to work
i do not find that this product has enough vitamins in it to do anything substantial for the face
did not leave any shinyness
i don't see how anyone could use this
it didn't seem to absorb
let alone anyother product u may layer over it?
or i could just use a primer
still it just did nothing for me
it just didn't happen for me
didn't do much for my skin either
doesn't really do anything
i don't get the magic.
then its like doing exactly opposite to what i want it to do
gave it two stars cause at least it doesn't make me break out or something
i don't think it is the right fit for my combo skin it tends to dry me out
i would not recommend this product for you
it sort of does what oil does
that's not really why i'm here to review
at least make it a screw on lid if it's going to fall so easily
thank goodness that sephora has such a great return policy because i did not like this cleansing oil one bit
i feel like i waste so much product when i pump it out
i do waste a lot every use just to get it from the bottle to my face
because didn't find anything special about it
it didn't remove any make-up
i would not recommend this product
i decided to give this product a try
just didn't do much for my face in the long run
this is not exactly what i expected.
you can't do that with this product
now i can't get it to go back on right
asked what it was
it might work for you
could save them for something really good
maybe half way not completely
see what it would do
you would think with the price this stuff would be magic
i don't think of myself as someone who has issues with scents
i think they forgot that you put this on your face
is it really worth 100$ to me nah i think i can find one cheaper that does the same
total waste of money unless you like that kind of smell
because in that case it does seem like a nice product
just couldn't get pass the very
a little goes a long way, don't use too much.
see why they are to be avoided if you'd like to know more
whatever happened to truth in advertising?
this does not do what is says.
so far i like it
just didn't notice much
maybe for someone younger
i don't use a lot of product so it can't be that.
i just think the more i used it
you can't tell how much is left
honestly i don't a see a difference
doesn't feel like anything is on my face
my skin usually does not react to things i try on my face usually
this one just did totally nothing
it just did nothing it was supposed to do
see if it lives up to the hype
i truly did not notice much difference
did not see any different on my face nor giving me radiance
but nothing major to make me not using it.
won't purchase again due to it does nothing on my skin
my make up just didn't want to stay put.
i won't be going back to this product
i don't want to use a product that's going to fade my old scars only to give me new ones
this isn't going to do it
it hardly looks like i've used any
you don't know how close you are to running out until its gone
can't tell yet but it is promising
thought i'd still give it a try
i don't really see a difference or a glow
just didn't work for me
i didn't really notice a difference
i feel like it was just another thing to put on my face
it didn't irritate it
but, i don't notice any changes either.
maybe i need to use it longer.
this didn't do anything for me at all.
i don't know if i'm doing it wrong
i did what it said
maybe this isnt what it promises to do
so bad that i didn't make a picture "before"
miracle did not happen
decided to give this a try
if i use it once or twice a week it doesn't do anything for me
plus, it does not work.
you must use something else to remove them
if anyone has any ideas
thought this would help me
the only thing it does is a cooling sensation so maybe you think is cleaning something
i didn't find it to do anything amazing.
not seen anyone mention anything quite like my experience
even they're not that much of an issue
though i didn't feel anything wrong
'm not sure exactly what caused it
i do think the product does what it claims
you don't get much product for the cost
but i really don't like this product!
will not come out when i try to squeeze them
i do like the product overall
this did not deliver.
i would never buy it again or recommend it to anyone
they don't come out
please do not waste your money!!!
i do not extract anything from my face ever
so i don't know how to deal with skin issues.
i won't buy this product again because i don't see any effect
just to be sure it wasn't anything else
it does not loosen anything
this product doesn't do much for me
that's about all i can notice
it did not work for me
you can actually see your pores get smaller after you put this product on your face
this did not work for me at all.
it did absolutely nothing to change my pores at all
it honestly doesn't do much.
im not sure how effective it is
cant even use the rest of the product
this product did nothing that it was supposed to do
it did not do a very good job
it did nothing to correct them.
works right after you use it.
the hype i would really rather just go to the space once in awhile
no flip cap or anything
i do still think for the price they should give you the pump bottle in the picture
i would not recommend this product because you can not use it when you can not get it out of the tube
this product does not deliver what it promises.
don't waste your money on this product
i dont feel that its necessary
i wouldnt say it removed them
thought this would work on him for sure
i did not notice any difference.
it makes you break out a lot before it actually works
i spoke to someone in sephora about the stubborn blackheads on my nose asking about what product i should try
i did all that and still didn't seem much better.
did not work like a "vacuum" i wish it did
this did not work for me
maybe i did not give the product enough time
it didnt help my fine línes or do anything anti aging at all
i dont need much help
it didnt do anything to that effect for me
i decided to give it a try
did not break me out-
loved it however since it was re-formulated i don't think this serum does much
this does nothhing for me.
that's all i can say about it
i am not sure if i see any difference
i didn't like that it involved another product.
i would not recommend this product if you do.
wouldn't recommend anyone using it anywhere else
hope that it is doing something for me
i can totally tell a difference in my hydration.
didn't really need it to treat wrintkes
just apply the mess that way
i don't think anything is
i notice when i don't use it that i miss it.
i didn't like this at all.
can't speak to it's ability to tighten
can't really tell if this product has made any difference
not sure what happened
didn't want to try again
i do use other perricone products that i like
this one just wasn't what i hoped
i might didn't give it enough time
i really don't note any difference in my skin
it doesn't do much for my skin.
its not that bad in my opinion
i just could not use this because the smell is so bad
decided that even if it worked wonders
i urge you to get a sample to see if you are in the "eh" or "ack" camp on the smell
i do not think the results are worth the smell
i just don't agree
it didn't work for me.
i don't think this product is made for such types
i don't see any real change
i don't think so.
i just had to post this to make everyone aware of the horrible smell
but i'm sorry, i cannot get past the smell.
which is a shame because i know someone who swears by their products
because i dont truly know how well it works
i don't feel any change
this did absolutely nothing to me i tried it for 1 month
this didn't make any change didn't even smooth my skin or felt any diff will go back to my glam glow mask
but i do not see much of a difference overall.
i feel like every time i do it causes my face to break out
it didn't do anything for my breakouts either
not great, but not bad either.
will be trying to return this product asap
shiny i wish this could fix it
actually i did not
i felt it didn't really do anything for it
i used this once and i didn't like it.
i didn't like how this mask feels on my skin.
didn't find it to do much of anything beyond basic moisturizing
never again do i repeat this bad purchase.
couldn't wait to use it since there is no 'treat yourself' day when i could convince myself to spend this much money on a product
i did not love it at aĺl as much as she did
is this how it does the job?
i decided not to wash it off to give it a chance
i don't like it
i may give it a try again
it reminds me of something you would smell while giving your gr
i would probably never spend $160
i might just give it to my mom
i just don't know if i can go another day with this smell on my face
it didn't make me break out
you might really like this product
just not for me
not so much for me
i didn't see any difference in my skin.
i did not like it
this is a no go for me
i just tried it
i don't feel any difference on my neck
but i don't think this was meant for me.
i don't know how to describe it.
this cream did absolutely nothing to my skin
i don't see much of a difference
i dont think its "the " one for me
lip area do not seem fully hidrated
i can't use it long enough to judge the quality
why oh why do companies put perfume in skin care products?
i wish i could tolerate the smell to see if it had any great skin care benefits
asked if there was something rotten
i can not bring myself to use it consistently because of the smell
it did nothing for my skin.
issue here is i just don't see any difference to my skin
after seeing the other reviews i realized that it apparently really does just stink
not willing to find out if it works because i couldn't h
gave it an honest college try
it did not irritate
who did not seem too bothered by it
honestly i couldn't keep on for one minute
if this was a miracle product, i don't want it.
it did nothing for me.
only giving 3 stars because i haven't used it long enough to really judge any difference
i really do like this cream.
see if you can tolerate it
so i can't even say how well it works.
i literally have no other idea how to explain it.
not sure i can continue using it :/
i don't know if i need to rewash my face.
trying to ignore the smell tried it on my face anyways
this is not a product for you
maybe it will be good for someone else
can tell the product works if you can st
i couldn't even keep it on my face.
i couldn't take it
didn't even want to sit next to me because of how bad the smell was
i will try it again
tried to stop letting the smell get to me
i just could not do it
you think for this price they could do something about the smell
you'd think they'd at least try
it wasn't what i expected
i never did pay much attention to my looks
but i'm willing to overlook that if it does work.
i don't care if it work miracles
if you want to know what it smells like
it's a must have that will change your skin forever
so there you go.
i can't tolerate this
i would be ok with giving it another try
so fishy, and it does not go away.
i will never find out what it can actually do
this product did nothing to correct that i used everyday
i don't know if my sample had gone "bad" or what
something else i couldn't quite put my finger on
i may smell it at the store to see if i just got a bad one
i don't know if it actually works
i will never know it smells so bad i couldn't finish my sample
it really just disagreed with my skin type
it doesn't do as much for me.
i love that it does not irritate or cause any troule on my skin
nor that it doesn't do what it's meant to do
just not for me
i won't be buying this again as it's just not working for me
take everything else off
i like it because it goes with the even better line
while it does do that
it doesn't seem like it made enough of a difference for me to continue using it
i wanted to move off acne solutions anyway
i did like that it didn't feel so heavy
just happy that this hasn't made me break out
i dont recommend this to anyone.
it doesnt do what it says it will do maybe except for the moisturizing part
does any one else realize the ttle says spf 20
this did not even do that
it doesn't do more than that
what i like about this product
i found that my makeup didn't stay on as long as it usually does
dont know if it will help with sun damage
this did not break me out
this leads me to believe this stuff doesn't fully absorb
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin
i can't see any difference
even though i didn't get it that close to the line
don't waste your money.
nothing really special happen
unfortunately didn't find it
if you're using that little
i will switch to something else after my jar is done
i wish i could get my money back!
i don't think i will purchase again once it's gone
perhaps not the right product for me.
this did not work for me.
in a possitive way anyway
do admit to not using it every single day so that might be the problem
i can't tell any difference in my under eye circles or fine lines
although i don't think it was supposed to do anything for puffiness
didn't do much for me.
okay i like this and i really don't.
my skin can't afford to use this again
anyway, this product did not work for me.
i know it's this product because when ever i use it i wake up to pimples
but why does the price keep going up?
i say give it a try
you'd probably like something a bit stronger
didn't feel as bad just giving it away
did nothing to clear my combination skin
can kind of try it out
it didn't make a difference to my skin like i hoped it would have
it did not remove it
which could explain why this product didn't work for us
it did what it was supposed to do
i would give a 3 stars since the product does what it should
i don't find the words to describe it
even if i try to get used to
i can't put my finger on why i don't reach for this one ever
i guess i want to feel something after
maybe this is just too basic for me?
until i think my skin got used to it
i don't think it does a very good job of cleaning my skin
i realize this is a personal thing that might not bother some people
but i had to return it because...yeah.
i feel like it didn't do anything for me
which doesn't bother me too much
i don't know if that's just the one i received or if it's just the way it is
it does nothing for me
it did absolutely nothing for me.
i guess the search continues.
i didn't see any difference.
didn't find this did anything except make the skin under my eyes burn for a few minutes
i don't notice a huge difference honestly
i did just that
this doesnt really do anything in my opinion
i don't think it makes much of a difference.
it did nothing for my eyes.
did not see a difference
it doesn't work at all
although it feels nice when you first apply it to your skin
it may work for someone who doesn't have that problem
i wouldn't recommend this product
not sure if it suppose to feel that way or if i just have sensitive skin
i would not recommend.
wouldn't recommend it to anyone else with sensitive skin
this is not for me.
i didn't get any good results from this product
still doesn't help me out
this just hasn't done anything for me
i wouldn't suggest getting this one
did not see a difference at all
didn't really work for me.
'm not sure if that would have made a difference
still decided to try it out anyways because it still said it would help with my puffiness
and i never see any results when i use it either.
waste of money if you ask me.
i won't be trying anymore because they do nothing for me
not too sure how i feel about this product
have given it a chance to do "something"
do not get in eyes
just not for me
this product doesn't make sense!
wait yes it do
t did not do nothing for the dark circles
it didn't do anything to remedy my problem
just didn't help my problem
thought i would try anyway
thought i would try this
it really did not help me at all
don't let this discourage you from trying the fab lotions which are fabulous
so not only do i have dark circles
this will not work for you
i wouldn't recommend it
i don't think the product does much
not sure if it works or not
maybe i haven't used it consistently enough?
i really did like this product at first.
definitely returning because i can't even finish this item
was hoping for something, but nothing.
do not use this if you have even the slightest bit of an oily face
this does not absorb into my skin whatsoever
combination skin i would suggest just staying away from because this i don't feel like would do you any good either
this does the job
really wanted to try it
they said this would do the trick
if you also have really dry skin i would suggest getting something else
this product just didn't do it for me
unfortunately it did not for me
wait for it to absorb it doesn't
decided i'd give it a try
told me i should get it because it's the best moisturizer she's ever used
i really didn't notice any change on my dry skin either
so to me this is not worth it
i got it maybe in janurary
this product doesn't work.
it didn't completely take it away.
so obviously this didn't work for me.
not only does it do absolutely nothing for the redness
i did not like this product at all
it did nothing i tried it for 2 weeks
didn't change one thing
this literally did nothing for me
wanted to see if this would work
i seriously can not h
definitely not something i would want my face to smell like
i didn't see much results
it is an okay product for what i needed.
i used all bottle and didn't see any result!
just nice moisture, but that's not what i need.
maybe even something like an oil
i like how it applies
frankly i don't see much change to my redness
not like it makes it disappear
doesn't seem to make me break out.
this doesn't seem to help that either
i don't know how else to put it
while i do think that it did something to help with the redness
don't waste your money!
it literally did nothing at all.
don't waste your money.
not only did it not work
it didn't help at all either
does not work for me.
not a serum like what everyone was saying.
however, this does seem to work for me- kind of.
i don't think i would buy this again.
it didn't break me out
it just doesn't seem to do a lot.
however it didn't do that for me- at all
not going to return bc i works great under my makeup
thats hard to get past
unfortunately it just didn't perform
maybe it'll work for me
this did not help
unfortunately this is not it
just call it that
i do mean suffer
this will do precisely squat
disappointed that it didn't do anything for my skin nor did it replace anything already in my regimen
since i really don't need to add another layer of stuff on my face
i would like to return it
it was clear that it wasn't going to work for me
t does benefit me
still not for me :(
did not feel serum-like at all
unfortunately, it did not work a bit.
see if it takes longer
this product does exactly the opposite of what it claims to prevent
this product probably won't help you
the fact is that i don't see results
it does the opposite of what it's supposed to.
it just didn't do what i was expecting
this did not break me out
keep in mind every person skin reacts differently so this may work for you
unfortunately not for me
it just didn't do anything for my breakouts
i don't see any benefit.
i did not notice
all in all i don't think it did much.
unfortunately it didn't work on me
it does not irritate
i can't say that i see any changes/results
not sure if it's worth it :/
it did nothing for me
i don't have the "glow" that i was hoping to see.
don't know if the formula changed or something
i will exchange it for something else!
it's really running gets everywhere when i'm trying to apply this on my face
t is hard to know how much i have put on
t does not lose its potency
this just didn't work for me.
not so much on my face
as it didn't do a thing
i wish i could use this product.
didn't notice anything else beneficial about it.
it's hard to tell if the oil is all off or not.
it makes a mess when you get it to your h
kind of a rip off if you think about it.
don't waste your money
i think i will hold onto it for how great it did work
it is ok if you dont mind using mineral oil.
i think i will return this
thought i would give shiseido a try
it does mattify me instantly
i tried not even remotely applying it close to my eyes
this product did not make me break out
this just didn't go on my skin well
overall just didn't do what i expected of it
this product does not show results right away.
my pores look just like they did when i started
there is not even a difference right after i apply it--nothing
it does nothing for my skin
i don't recommend it
please don't waste your money on this product
i don't like this at all
did nothing like it promises
don't see any results
i won't use this anymore.
i didn't care for the way it made my face feel
while this does not keep me shine free
it does reduce it a bit
i can't say i saw anything change with my pores
i am not sure if it didn't mix well with my other products
i didn't like this product at all
i don't think i'll ever find something that actually keeps my oil in check
didn't work for me
this doesn't completely get rid of the shine on my t-zone
i just think this line is not for me
this did not stop the shine at all
do not use this product
i dare not use it again because i do not want shine
i do like the line
i don't write many reviews
i do not recommend
now you get it for free.
this stuff didn't break me out in the typical way
maybe that's why my skin acted this way?
didn't see any real anti aginh benefits
but i would not recommend it.
and i do like it.
this didn't work out for me
really wasn't anything special
it won't be this one
this one is just ok.
i think i will try something different after this is gone
this doesn't make me break out
it didn't make me break out
certainly didn't make my skin feel or look any better
this does not work well for me
this just did not work
this one just did not sit right
the fact that it does actually work
tried it on days that i don't use the clarisonic
i would never recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin
i wanted to try something different
i am someone who does a full face with primer
what else did i expect from an oil
i like when you apply
not what i was hoping for.
wanted to try something new
didn't do anything for my acne
this did not clean my face at all.
i think sa just doesn't really work well enough for me
if you find that sa products do work for you
decided to give it a go
maybe murad not for me
i found that it wasn't doing enough for my skin
i know that things work differently for everyone
this didn't work any better than something from a drugstore for me
it didn't help in any way
im sure it can work for others
you live you learn
wished it worked for me like everyone else claims it did
i don't notice any difference
so at least it didn't get worse
it didn't work for me
didn't dry it out or cause anything to get worse
it just didn't help it get any better
i really can't tell if there is a difference
this serum did nothing for me
actually i use all perricone
i really don't think there will be other than neck lift
unforutnately i didn't see anything
maybe i wasn't able to use it long enough to see even the slightest improvement
decided to try this product
i'll move on to something else
at 59 i feel i should be doing something to take care of my skin
i dont even have sensitive skin!
not sure i would get it again!
you don't need much
i really don't know if sephora sent me a used product
because sephora does't exchange things
i didn't want to return it by mail
now, i can't see any difference at all.
i tried it a few times because i wasn't sure
i determined that this doesn't work with my skin
don't know what the deal is
i couldn't see any sign of anything happening
maybe this stuff will work for others
not sure if my skin type is changing
my skin didn't like it
it didn't last me very long
i don't think it does anything special
i didn't see much of a difference after i put it on my face
i just think it's not right for me
don't get your hopes up about receiving added benefits or a noticeable difference in your complexion unless you've literally never used any face cream before
hopefully i can find something that works
this product did nothing for my skin
this isn't the one for you
want to point that noncomedogenic label on the bottle doesn't mean anything
i don't know what ingredient my skin doesn't like in this
it really doesn't like it
doesn't work for me.
it isn't anything special in my opinion
although it didn't really do anything for me
i don't know how it feels drying the day
this product did absolutely nothing for me
this might work for someone else
didn't find anything special about it
does not make me shiny
i guess i will try to finish it up
bad choice on my part to just not order it
i don't know how because even when i don't use moisturizer after i clean my skin
even the full face cream they have that's not labeled "daily" i used this for a long time until i realized that it wasn't my fault that i got bad skin
you can't get all of the product out
looking at something else
the clinique one did nothing special
if you put enough on
idk what it does there is no difference whatsoever
there really wasn't any
does not brighten much either.
decided to give this one a try
it doesn't do anything for my eyes
doesn't work for me at all.
this product just didn't do anything for me
when you apply it too hard
unfortunately this serum did not work at all
i stopped using it because it just didn't do anything for me
not i. nor do i want it near my eyes.
i still don't know how i feel about it
while you technically get your money's worth out of the bottle usage-wise
it didn't do anything for me
it didn't impress me that much
i don't see any difference yet
i hope i do eventually
it does feel cool when you apply the product thou
this product is just not for me.
i don't really know...?
does not do much except make your eyeliner run
it did not seem to do anything at all
it just very simply did nothting for me.
unfortunately this product did not work for me
didn't really do anything except feel a little cold
this really didn't do anything for that as well
other than the nice cooling affect there's really not much
i really expensive and does nothing.
can't tell any difference after about 2 weeks of use
it does seem like it will last forever because very little product comes out when i use it
i don't think i'll be buying this one again
not really sure this did anything?
didn't help at all
i think it will last forever
didn't really see any or feel any improvements
doesn't do anything to me.
maybe it's because i don't actually have puffiness so this product is not right for me
it literally does nothing else but "de-puff".
i decided to try this, but it didn't do anything.
i'll tell you what does work though
i didn't see that this product did anything for me
see if that helps
you really can't apply any other treatment--not even sunscreen--after this
it did not seem to work all that well on my skin
probably won't bother in the future.
more if you want to use on your neck
would not recommend this prodcut.
acknowledge that for years i did not take care of my skin
there wasn't enough time to tell
i can't speak to the results of the product because i returned it
feels nice, don't think i'll purchase it again
something in it did not agree with my skin
plus the packaging is a fancy pump which will not let you know how much product is left
think this is going back.
thought that i could learn to ignore the smell
this didn't work for me
i give it 3 stars because it didnt break me out
i do not think it lives up to its claims
you get more product
i found it did nothing for me
no ones smelling my face lol so this is one dior product i will not buy again
dare i say it makes it worst
recommended me something else
i don't have dark circles or anything like that
didn't do anything for me
it is just not a bad moisturiser
because of this, i wouldn't recommend.
i don't find that there's much of a difference
but that doesn't occur everytime i use it.
seems like it doesn't do anything other than hydrating
i can't give a good review to the product because the jar is impossible to open
i do not really notice a difference in my dark cicles though
i don't like how it felt under my makeup
think this is a cream for someone in thier 20's would be the best use
this creme did not nothing
i did not like this.
this stuff did nothing for them
unfortunately it didn't really do anything else for me
i usually do not have reactions
if you don't get a reaction then it is an okay night cream
do not recommend for daytime use.
i couldn't tell if it did any good or not?
i really don't have any skin there that needs tightening
which is what i was told it would do
i like that you don't have to use a lot of it
i really expected it to do something for my skin
it didn't do anything bad, by any means.
it just failed to do anything.
don't take me too personally
maybe it'll work for you.
if you want a reference
this just didn't work for me.
giving three stars because even though it didn't do anything for me
it still didn't mess anything up
but i found it didn't do either for me.
it didn't break me out or cause breakouts to get worse
it just didn't do anything at all?
i found it didn't really do anything for my skin.
i really wanted to take the time to write this review because this product did absolutely nothing for me
i don't mind about the duration if it would of done something
did absolutely nothing to my skin
couldn't see a single difference
didn't do anything for me
hard to tell the difference before
i do not often react to skin care products
i do not think it made me breakout more
doesn't do a whole lot more
this did not work for me.
did nothing to brighten or smooth my skin or anything it says it will do
don't waste your money!
it will last a long time since you don't need much to get a good foam going
didn't seem to do much
i really don't want to give this a bad review.
this didn't work for me
you just have to find the one that's for you
i wanted to it a try before i completely wrote it off
i still can't deal with it
don't know that i can possibly use it all
went on here to see if anyone else had a problem with the smell
i could not believe it.
first i didn't know it was a base
i did not see any of the awesome promised results
i can hardly st
sorry to say it made all worse.
i don't know if this stuff is good
for almost $100 you'd think they could fix that smell
as nobody else is having allergies
i am not going to lie
i only got this yesterday so really don't know the long term results yet
just wanted to let everyone know this does smell!
maybe they're just not for me
i don't recommend this
this is not for me!
also the fact that it didn't help me
i am sure if you get past the decay stinch
i don't really feel like this cream did much to lighten them
i just couldn't bear it anymore
which i did not
after the second night i couldn't take it anymore
the bad smell did not help matters either.
i can not really say that i have noticed a difference
maybe it does work wonders
i can't really say that i have noticed much of a difference in the areas that it is supposed to correct
i do like that you can put this product directly on your eyelids
you can use that around your eye area
this one really made me want to throw up
i really wish i could have used this
if you dont have dry skin go for it
always ask for a sample before you buy.
you dont need to use another eye cream like with this one
my eyes do look better
i am sure there is something else out there with the same results
don't waste your money unless you can st
t's not like there's a lot of work to do
i just wish something could be done about the scent
i don't care how good this cream is
does not have any of this
does it have to smell like decay?i don't care if it works miracles
i don't notice a difference at all anymore
i don't know if i'll reorder
the smell is so awful it's impossible to know whether it works
some people don't seem to mind at all
i didn't notice any difference either.
it doesn't do the 5 in 1 as it claims
if anything, it's like putting oil on your face.
i didn't like them
if your eyes are sensitive don't bother.
otherwise if you wear this with anything else your face will melt
don't put anything else on
i really don't know how i feel about this cream.
it was ok not worth $40 though
i can tell you that this is not it
i don't even apply a lot anymore.
not sure if i would want to spend 40$ again on it
which i guess is okay because it means there wasn't any fragrance added
so surprised that i couldn't use this.
if you wear foundation
i can't wait for it to be finished
i don't like how my skin feels with it
doesnt get crazy no more
decided to try something different
i though my skin would get use to it
i just don't break out.
we'll see how it goes.
it does the job
it broke me outtttti really wanted to like this productim thinking it's more for normal skin
the reason i can't give it 5 stars is because it makes my eyes water so bad
i couldn't even bare to try it because it was giving me a big headache
this is going back too bad i didn't even get to try it out
good things to say about it
i don't know if my skin is reacting with it now
or if it is just this crazy st
if i could give this zero stars i would.
i do not recommend this product to anyone
this just didn't work for me
this product does not live up
unfortunately, this just didn't work for me.
i feel like i don't have anything on.
couldn't get used to it
it did not work at all
i don't really see the difference.
it did not make me break out more than i usually do
unfortunately i don't think i'll be purchasing this again
just didn't do anything to my skin.
just didn't do anything.
it did not do anything for my skin or feel any different from a drug store moisturizer
i really dont know what to think about this?
this product does not do anything for my skin
it doesn't break me out either
if you plan on wearing this under make-up it will peel when you try
i did not continue to break out
i could not continue to use it to see if it make a drastic difference to my acne
did not see any benefits
unfortunately it doesn't work for me
i know it's at sephora somewhere waiting for me.
can't quite put my finger on exactly what it smells like
i dont know how long it would have kept my face matte
i've also gotten a few underground blemishes that don't want to go away
while it didn't make anything worse
it didn't help anything either
because it did not accomplish what it claimed it would
i definitely didn't like it either
it didn't break me out or dry my skin out or anything like that
another thing that i did not like about this product is the scent
little did go a long way
this cleanser just didn't do it for me.
it never seems to go away no matter what i used.
i don't think i've met the products i need yet
you may not like this one because it doesn't foam
f you don't like this give that one a try
my skin isn't that bad but it could be better.
it is important to let others know when something is irritating
i need something that will take my makeup off completely
it cost too much to let it sit in the back of my cabinet
decided i wanted something more gentler
it didn't really do anything for me
i think there's better products out there
i tried this because i thought it might help clear up my problem skin
it just didn't work for me
figured this cleanser would work wonders for the few breakouts i still get
it just didn't work for me
if you want your face to feel clean
they did not work well for me
as for clearing acne, it sure did not do the job.
i can't say it made me break out
couldn't get used to it
it didn't break me out or anything
does not seem to do anything breakouts worse if anything especially on nose
it's not going to do anything to clear your skin
just not exactly what it purports to be
it really doesn't seem to be doing anything to change the look or feel of the oncoming blemish
which didn't bother me
i don't feel like it did anything for my breakouts
it didn't cause more either
however it did not
if anything, it makes me more dry.
this means you need a lot of it to put on your face
maybe it'd be worth it if it worked.
unless you use a lot
this product didn't make any change to my skin.
it didn't work for me.
i miss it so much
does not do much more than that
i also do not like the feeling of the product
t you don't like that you won't like this
i did not notice any kind of change in color with this product unfortunately
see no results in anything
didn't wanna waste anymore time on trying to see results
i cant tell the difference
it did not break me out
they did not work well for me
considering how much i need to apply i don't know if it's worth the money
overall works ok, not sure if i will buy.
definitely do not recommend for anyone who has sensitive skin
i tried so hard to make it work
it did nothing to my face
so sad if i could give it no stars i would
the profuct did not work at all on me
this did not work for me at all.
i did not even put the product around my eyes
it doesn't do anything
it did not remove anything from my face
i wish i could get my money back
i decided to try this product
i wanted to like this mask so much
i couldn't decide to trust the bad views or the good views
i keep trying in the hopes it'll work
i think you could find a better mask for less
it did absolutely nothing
don't expect to see any blackheads when you pull it off
i didn't see any big difference in my skin afterwards
ugh not sure what is in this
don't waste your money.
it doesn't actually pull any pores out like it's supposed to
i would buy again if it wasn't so expensive or it worked how it should
it didn't do anything.
don't waste your money on this product!
i usually put on a mask right after to just pull out anything else
it did nothing at all for me.
its a total gimmick dont let anyone lie to you
i noticed it doesn't do anything for me at all.
it doesn't hurt at all when you pull it off
didn't do much for my skin except make it a little red
this mask is not it all what you think it's going to be
nothing like the videos they show.
plus side is it does not hurt like they exaggerated it to b on facebook
it literally did nothing
definitely not worth 45$ when you can get something else better with that money
didn't work for me
i didn't feel it did much for my face either.
the mask did not work at all to pull anything out of my pores
please save your money and get something else.
this product did nothing for my skin
this didn't work on me.
thought i did it wrong the first time
otherwise it is okay
i guess i wanted something that was harsher than this
i don't in any way have sensitive skin
i can't even remember the last time my skin looked this bad
i can't even imagine what it does to girls with sensitive skin
it just doesn't do anything
this mask just doesn't work at all
didn't pull anything out
i would definitely not recommend.
this does not work
i need my money back i hate buying things that are no use
but it doesn't work at all.
it only works if you just get out of the shower
definitely would not recommend
didn't even work on her
this did nothing to them
it didn't take 50% of them
it didn't hurt or anything
this mask literally did nothing.
do not recommend this product.
doesn't do what is promises.
it didn't even hurt
it didn't do anything
it's nothing like you see in the videos
it doesn't hurt to peel off nor can you see anything coming off
i don't think it does anything for my skin
i don't think it did anything.
it didn't actually pull them out of my skin
it didn't actually pull out anything but hair.
i do like boscia products but not this one!
i did not see a change with pores
i honestly don't think it does anything helpful
not what i wanted and i returned it.
it didn't do anything to my face
she didn't get any results either :/
because it didn't do anything dramatically great i probably won't buy it again because there are plenty of cheaper options
the price is outrages i do not recommend this product whatsoever
i really wish i could return this it's awful :(
it didn't do anything for my pores
i can't say i notice anything particularly great about how my face feels after peeling it off
choose something else more effective
i think i'm just going to return it
i can't bring myself to be okay with the cost
it didn't do what it said it would do
it barely did anything
but honestly , look elsewhere and don't bother.
if i could give this product zero stars i would.
it does not work.
again does nothing for your skin
don't waste your money on this product
expensive for what it actually does
i don't get those usually.
i didn't notice any difference would never buy again
this product did absolutely nothing for my skin.
i didn't even apply to close to my eyes
it doesnt matter how much product you apply to your face
you will see your face exactly like before you used
didn't do much for me.
it barely takes out anything
don't waste your money.
it did nothing for either of us
not a thing ill actually use
makes me trust them less....
don't waste your money.
i think maybe is cool the process of applying it
this mask do absolutely nothing for me
for $34 you'd expect way more bang for your buck.
no matter how much you put on
it still didn't do anything
where i never ever get them
i wish i could use this stuff.
i didn't mind that
it didn't really absorb all the way
i tried to use it
this is just something else
this didn't do that for me.
it can also make my face feel dry if i don't use enough
i will definitely move on to something else once i finish this
everytime i put this on
i didn't like this at all.
i honestly wish they all didn't contain so much fragrance
i did have a little reaction to it
it definitely doesn't anymore
i couldn't imagine using this during the day
this is definitely a product i would recommend trying before you buy
i don't mind that so much
won't give up just yet
did not care for this product
i decided to give this one a try
i dont really see visible results.
finish the bottle and didn't see any difference
it was not right for me
it did not work for me at all
the only bad thing thet i note is that i cant see any difference yet
though i did lose vib points for it :(
i used the whole bottle to give it a fair chance
the only good thing i can say is that it did not make my sensitive skin break out
i did not like this at all.
i didn't like how it felt on my skin one bit.
it doesn't look like the wrinkle under my eye is going to completely go away though
i definitely won't be trying any anti-aging products again
i do sometimes miss days
can't say i've been using it with absolute regularity
i don't know if it's too late now to return it
it just didn't seem to do anything
i never really understood why you needed to use the dropper
wish i could get my money back
i don't feel much difference around my eyes
but it did nothing to my fine lines.
it wasn't any better
i don't think an eye cream should be hard that i am pulling
decided to try it anyway
it did not absorb
i didn't like application
although i wasn't using anything new
i hate to let moisturizer go to waste though
i could not recommend this cream to anyone else.
thought i would give it a go
it did not work for me
unfortunately couldn't use long enough to know for sure as i couldn't h
it doesn't do anything more than that
it did not make me break out at all
just not right for me
couldn't wait to try it
i can not recommend this
maybe it would be fine in summer or if you don't need much moisture?
didn't work for me.
did i do it wrong?
it just doesn't do it for me.
i like how it goes on soft
did not react well
it did not break out my skin
it's hard to tell what the actual hydrating result is
if you need something to remove all your makeup this isn't worth the money
i wish it worked better considering that i don't wear a lot of makeup
as a make up romover，it does not really do the job
this definitely does not cut it
it doesn't clean worth anything!!!
there are no suds or anything to let you believe anything is happening
feel like my make up is not completely off
i don't know if anyone else has this problem because i read reviews
this does absolutely nothing
it didn't hydrate my face as much as everyone else says
just not enough hydration as i wanted it to be for my skin type
i don't normally react that quickly to a product.
i would not recommend this unless you have dry
unfortunately it did not
i do like the consistency as i thought it would be hydrating
you don't get what you paid for ($50).
it did nothing for my combination skin
nothing wrong with it
just wasn't what i expected or desired
foundation didn't sit very well.
this doesn't seem like anything out of the ordinary to me
didn't stay on my skin that long
i didn't find anything special about it
i would try something else
this didn't do the job
it did not work for me
i would skip it
would not recommend to anyone
this one didn't irritate me at all
it did what she said
i personally don't think it's work the money
but i don't think it works for me.
can't go higher then that
wanted to know the ingredients first
it just like a $5 price cream that can't do anything
do not buy it, girls!
although it does what it says
if you're going to use this product
i recommend only using it when you aren't wearing make up or just at night
i also didn't really see much of a difference from using it
to spend $52 on just okay
i did not find this to be a good primer.
i don't see any value in it.
didn't think it did much for wrinkles
i did not see any benefits from this cream.
i cry every time i see it because of the price.
it does nothing for me
because it does not rub in
i will say that it does absorb quickly which is nice
no thank you in the break out
i would not recommend this product
definitely try before you buy
though i know eye creams are hard to tell if it's useful
i really don't see any difference after a bottle of use
unfortunately my skin did not react well
i know this is supposed to be used for eyes
i want some opinions because i really want it to work
did nothing for me
i will continue to use it because i don't want to waste it
i wouldn't recommend it if you tend to be oily
the reason i rated it a 2 is because it does not remove my makeup very well
be careful not to get this in your eyes.
i need something that won't burn my eyes
maybe i was using too much
it didn't do anything for me
didn't really find it did anything for me personally
i won't use it again
it doesn't really extend my foundie by much
and i do like it.
it does what it says it will do
so you're getting what you pay for
i honestly don't know what to take of this moisturizer/primer
it just wasn't anything special
don't know if i would buy it again once i run out
if you like that then go for it.
t's going to last you long
it does the same thing
the scent does remind me of pinesol or pledge
not sure yet if i'm going to return it because it does moisturize well
figured i'd try it for myself
unfortunately not what i go for
might i add i don't typically break out.
it's not doing anything for me
i've always wanted to try this product
do not waste your money on this.
didn't do much for my skin
i did not care for this
i sent it back because i didn't like how the smell got on my baby too
words cannot describe how much i hate this product
don't make the same mistake.
i dont feel that it absorbs quickly.
a cheaper cream does the same thing.
this doesn't work any better
so that shouldn't be the problem
i think i'm going to return it
it did absolutely nothing for crows feet
it will stay that's way all day
if you never ever change the expression on your face
not how it felt on my face
i can't touch it or put anything on over it or else the bond breaks
it would work great if you didn't wear makeup.
sadly i cannot say that it worked for me.
money i would not recommend this to anyone
you can instantly feel
i mean just gone.
doesn't matter what you do or how little or how much you use
the result is that you just can't use it.
don't waste you money.
i just don't think it is worth the spend since it doesn't have any lasting results
if i put sthn else it would kind of "cracked
i rarely return anything to sephora
its ok for someone with time to play with
hope this helps as i don't mind paying for quality
don't appreciate throwing money away for less
can't remember which one right now
the product does what it says
it just didn't work for me
this does not work.
do not waste your time & money!!
always got a white mask no matter what i tried
not enough to make a difference
it did everything it was supposed to
also after you have used this product you can not put your bb cream
or foundation on your face it doesn't go on
no matter what i did it would not stop
plus i don't think it did anything.
this product did not do much for me
i couldn't get it to work for me
the moment i put anything over it
it does what it says
you cannot apply anything else
this may be perfect at night when you do not need any uv protection
if you are going out
1 because it does what it claims
tried it and it doesn't work!
i don't know how people can write that it is a good product
definitely not what it is advertised to do
no matter what i do
it just doesn't work for me
i don't seeing it be worth it if you need to buy another cream just to make this one look alright on you
i could feel it and see it.
don't waste your money on this product
it's a shame that they couldn't find a way to make the formula absorb better
that said i didn't give it one star because it does actually firm once it is on the skin
i just expected something
i want to like this product
just didn't like that feeling
i do find myself wanting this serum as if my face is asking for it
i don't need as much of it
i don't know if this actually works
did cause me to breakout
might be good for someone who doesn't have super sensitive skin
it makes me feel like i put baby oil all over my face which i don't like
it did not do anything for my skin.
wow this did not work
i don't think it's worth the price since it does exactly what my $4 moisturizer can do
just didn't deliver how i expected it to.
this is not it
it didn't do much for my skin.
i personally don't like that i have to add this extra step to my routine when i can get moisturizers that work fine on their own
it only did harm for me instead of good
this products does what it's supposed to do
it doesn't bother me when i don
needless to say i won't be using this.
the product did nothing for me over winter
wish i could like it but... no.
it didn't hurt my skin either
i do not like it at all
definitely do not recommend to anyone
then this will do it
this doesn't provide enough for me
didn't work for me.
texture just don't love what it does
i don't think it did much for my very dry skin
i like the texture but wish it did more.
it did nothing for me
from what i've read it doesn't really contain enough of the 'star ingredients' to make a long-term difference in your skin
do not usually buy them
i couldn't find any benefit
the product "pill-ed" up no matter what i did before
it still did it
really don't like the way it feels or goes on.
don't see any difference in my skin
it tends to pill up if i don't let it sit for several minutes before i apply my foundation
i can't say whether or not it gives amazing results because i couldn't stick with it for more than two weeks
don't waste your money on this one.
i even used it in t
which it did not
i don't think i will use it again.
i can't even use it under my foundation because it doesn't mix well
i know what the label says
i would like to hear how other users like it.
i really wanted to love what this product could do to prevent aging on mid 20's skin
that's exactly what happened after 2 days of using this product
needless to say i won't be using it again
tried to call dermadoctor- impossible to get a real person
maybe i'm not out in the light enough
maybe i haven't used it long enough though
let it sit on your skin for 10-15 minutes before you apply make up
i can't say i saw any difference at all
the same thing happened
this one didn't work for me
when you apply it
you know the saying “if it sounds to good to be true it probably is” which was the case with this product
didn't do enough for me.
i can't tell much difference around my eyes
i did not see a difference at all
read the reviews thought i would try.
maybe i need to use it more or pop it in the fridge
i can't really tell if it's doing anything
it didn't really do a whole lot
little does she know that this does nothing to fine lines under eye
i specific told her that it's something i need to get rid of %26 yet she recommends this product
let me tell you it stings
this did nothing for me.
did not work at all.
this is not depuffing for me
thought i would try this
it did absolutely nothing.
don't know if the results will change
3 stars because you can see results
feels nice but didn't do anything for me
did not see any difference at all
it did nothing for me.
i would personally not recommend this to anyone based on my experience
because i can get something better at the drugstore
i would say my eyes look about 40 % better
i won't buy it again it just didn't work well enough for me
there is plenty that i can do without this gel that would depuff my eyes
i wouldn't rec it to anyone... stay away!
once you put it on, it doesn't absorb.
i would not recommend this product to anyone.
honestly didn't help at all.
hard to know if it works or if i just don't have puffy eyes
this one doesn't do a thing
if they didn't get stuck all the time
i couldn't tell if the gel really depuffed anything
it does not to anything
i do not see any depuffing
but it does not "instantly depuff" anything.
this is not it
just okay didn't impress you can buy a better cream at the drug store for the same price
didn't irritate it either
then you've come to the right place
i'd personally like to try something else that offers more hydration
it just didn't work for me.
guess i'm allergic to something in it.
i tried it because it's supposed to be good for all skin types
it does the job
it does not mostorize at all
after you apply it
wanted to try something different
for myself however i just want the old formula back
can't even use it on my hands.
since they said they don't make it anymore i'm stuck using the one will cream
i don't know if it's because i'm young
this cream does nothing for me
but to be fair i wasn't expecting any miracle.
this product didn't do anything for me
i don't get that
it's just plain hard to know if it works or not
i can't say that i did
nothing else that it promises
it's so difficult to rub in that i think you actually do more damage to the delicate eye area by using this product than if you didn't
think this is not acceptable
then what the heck is with my undereyes
that it was impossible to try to mask
i don't know if i should keep trying
but right now, i say, beware...
either too much comes out, or nothing.
it is a struggle to get anything at all
did absolutely nothing for me by the time i used the entire bottle
the pump didn't work anymore
im not sure if i had a reaction to if or what
no matter how much
i read someone who said it's made for mature skin so maybe that is why i don't love it
know if it was worth it
they told my not to use it
i don't think anyone below 50 needs it
i don't know if i was unlucky
i decided it wasn't t worth it
nor do i want to
not necessarily anything special
i don't think it made any difference in how my eyes look
i dont usually write reviews
a little does go a long way.
not sure i like this feeling.
i think i may look for something else.
it's no wonder people are complaining about going through the product too quickly
after it wouldn't pump anymore
i don't like it at all
you can't apply make up correctly it starts to fall apart
definitely do not buy it
i'll be trying something else next time
someday i would feel like it's working
i really wanted to know if it would make a difference
and really, didn't do much for either of us.
i did not see any difference in my under eyes.
i absolutely love everything from them except for a few of their things
this is not it
do yourself a favor an don't waste your money.
i'll be darned if i'll ever again purchase a cream at this price point that doesn't allow me to take the top off
why didn't i listen to her?
don't buy this product unless you enjoy frustration
this isn't one of them
such as when you don't use your h
i cant even take the top off to try
i cant see inside the bottle to see if there is even anything left inside or how much i have used
please dont waste your money
but i cannot get over the bottle.
it takes maybe 5 reviews about something to prompt us to change it
t can't be anything else
i really wanted to like this cleanser because of how highly it was recommended to me
i didn't even use the whole jar.
i want to like this cream so much
that does not happen to me often since i do not have acne prone skin
everytime i would start using it again
so i hope it will work for you
i would not recommend this for you at all
i am getting the sense that it is starting to break me out
it honestly did nothing for me.
i don't want to waste my money
my sensitive skin did not react well to this.
really wanted to try the day version
it didn't really do anything for me
this is a very expensive product which really didn't do much for me
this didn't do anything for me
i won't be using this again.
it just doesn't seem to do anything for me
frankly it annoys me every time i open the jar
maybe can work for someone else
it did nothing for me
it did nothing for me
i would really like to mail it back if possible.
i don't see any result
dont think i will buy this compony again
did nothing for the circles
didn't cause any irritation or anything.
it didn't do that for me
decided to give this a try
maybe it could work for someone that doesn't have dark circles
didn't bother with it anymore
it did not do much for me
but for dark circles, do not bother.
i suggest you save your money
didn't think too much of it
i then realized that it didn't do the same things to my skin as it did before which was hydrate well
is most likely the reason why my skin doesn't feel the same anymore
i don't see the value to it anymore
yet this doesn't bother me
it didn't do anything else
it just doesn't deliver results that any other decent product couldn't do
if u have breakout problems its too heavy for u
the sample did not convince me to want to buy this product
sadly it didn't seem to do much
makes it impossible to open this easily or in a hurry
why on earth did they put so much perfume in it???
you don't need much
that's whats causing the worry line to be visible
it does exactly what it says
i give props to the sephora associate who tried to convince me to buy this product
i didn't use that much either
didn't even bother to test it on my h
let alone having it on my face
does not absorb welli wish it had worked for me
this product did not make me break out.
this doesn't do anything to my skin
let me say that i don't have a huge problem with my pores
i think i'm finally ready to accept the fact that i just have big pores
i know i can't change the size of my pores
then i decided that spending $40+ dollars on something that i was so wishy-washy about was probably not the best use of my money
so i thought, heck, maybe it does work after all.
however i do realized some on my t-zone
i don't think this is work for me
i do know that my face is soft
decided to give it a try
" yet it did not even do that
this didn't really do much for me.
i just like the fact it didn't break me out or anything
i didn't work for me
it didn't seem to do anything to my pores
i would not recommend this product.
i don't see any difference in my pores
would help me out
i only used it on my t-zone
didn't do anything to fix the problem
if your buying it for smalled pores -- look else where
maybe its just doesnt work on me
it did nothing for me
i hate to think what this would do to my face!
can't find anything that minimizes them
definitely i didn't see any difference on my pore
didn't make them worse either
i did not see a change
this product did nothing
there's a lot of other products out there that does the same thing
it is so small you would think it was a sample
doesn't take much to cover face
still wondering if i should return it
didn't see any effect
thinking that maybe i wasn't using enough
i wasn't getting the effect i wanted
the sales associate convinced me that this cream would do the trick
wonder if something is wrong w/it???
alas, this will be going back too.
if you really want to get rid of your wrinkles
can't say whether it works in that regard
as soon as it starts to work you realize you need to order again
they don't give you much to work with considering the price
one ounce doesn't go too far when you have a whole face
this product doesn't seem to do anything
i would've been much happier if the product did nothing
this one does nothing for me
well i did't see any difference whatsoever.
after trying this i like another reviewer wonder if the early reviews are real
didn't feel or see any difference whatsoever.
i do not know why sephora insists on shifting customers to one specific br
the product did nothing for me in the 10 days i used it
why would i want to do that if the claim says 10 days
it does not deserve even one that i gave it
i didn't hate it, but wouldn't buy it again.
i don't necessarily have sensitive skin
this didn't do that.
so this is just not something i can work with
i find that you get a more immediate result with your skin if you've been a bit lax with your routine
just thinking that may be why some people don't see the dramatic results other do
it's spreadable so you could just use a bit if you wanted
i am not sure it takes 10-days
i do not break out
please be careful before using if you also have sensitve skin
didn't work at all for me.
it didn't make me break out
it didn't do anything to my skin.
i won't waste any more time or money in this serum
not only did this not do anything for my complextion
i cant see this product lasting 2 months
i found it did nothing for my skin
i just do not get it.
sadly it did not
i can't say i've seen much of a difference
i keep hoping i'll see a change
recommend you do your research before you spend the $100
i can't quite explain it
my skin did not do well with this one
haven't felt that it's done any wonders for my skin for $110
don't waste your money.
i don't like it at all.
no matter how often i apply it
see if it works
i did not change anything else in my cleansing routine
don't waste your money on this one!
i do expect some change for $90
i am not able to use retinols
be sure to try before you buy.
now i know why.
most things make me break out.
there was nothing in it that could hurt me
i simply couldn't justify keeping it
it feels ok going on
i really don't think it's doing anything for my wrinkles at all
didn't know i could return it once used.
didn't want spend $90 on not-so-special spf cream
he just doesn't seem like that he likes using this one
i know that he needs spf during day time as he's always in
as a mousturizer, it does the trick.
dont really have any wrinkles
it didn't make any difference- not immediately
i do not see a difference from using it
it didn't help at all
that is the only thing it did for me
so you don't need to put a lot of product on your face
i do not see any difference in the color
my skin will not hate me for it
i did not notice any difference
just not right for me
i don't see any difference whatsoever
i wouldn't recommend this.
this product did not work for me
it's just enough to last about 3 months to see if i can see a difference
honestly can't tell a difference
not sure if it's worth it
bottom line if you're young dont mess with eye creams or at least this one unless you want to create a bigger problem
you only need very little
will try something else now that i'm out.
the smell of this was enough to make me not use it anymore
i don't even want to finish it
this didn't do anything for me
i will mention that it did not irritate my eyes
but as far as improvement i didn't see anything.
i did not see any results
i honestly don't get the hype.
i do not recommend.
how can i get another jar like the first one?
i believe i will stick to algenist
i wish i could return this.
nothing to write home about.
while i don't hate it i'm not crazy about it either
i don't think it does anything
i do not see any change in my skin
i also don't like that you have to stick your finger it it
it didn't seem to do any of the things it claimed
you can definitely feel
you'd have to wear something with this
course i don't know how that would feel on your face
make your own call
the same thing happened
ok so you put some on your eyes
try applying your make up
we'll be returning it
i strongly recommend you try it on the back of your h
what it says it does
it works better if i don't use make up over it.
i could not get this stuff to work after many tries
i honestly don't know what the hype is about
even when i do this it's hit or miss.
i didn't like it.
it certainly does make you look good for a few minutes
guess it does what it says
even i do use only a tiny littlle bit
you lose the effect
even if your careful it will not blend in without coming off
may be great for people who don't wear any makeup even powder does not work
to all those wondering why it's so difficult to apply make-up over it
this definitely does what it claims
i couldn't figure out how to apply eye cream
i still wouldn't sugest this product to someone with remotely dry skin
ummm... i want a fix that has lasting benefits.
i don't think this one does.
but didn't do what i thought it would.
this didn't help at all
this product did not do a thing for me
did not help att all with line
this product does not do what it promises to.
if you aren't wearing anything over it you can feel it work
i did not like this at all.
i did not like this product.
this product does not work well for me.
after trying many eye creams i just figured i wasn't ever going to find anything that would actually get rid of the bags
if i try to put it on last it won't blend in
it did not sit right with my moisturiser or makeup
no matter how light i tried to apply it
don't get me wrong
i cannot have make up every where else
this product did nothing for my crow's feet
keep your receipt until you're sure you like it.
it did absolutely nothing for my skin.
i don't consider my pores to be that big
i didn't see any difference so i returned it.
i do not expect any product to actually reduce the size of my pores
don't believe what you hear about this product.
this is not for you
it didn't really do much to cover my huge pores
however, it really does nothing for pores
it does the job
so that's something to be aware of
i would definitely say it's not worth the money.
it didn't do much for me to the point where i wanted to return it
it did not do a thorough job
i don't think they are for me
i wouldn't recommend anybody to buy this.
i can't recommend this at all
how much you have to use
it was not for me
just was not for me.
being a beauty junkie i still couldn't resist since i'd been waiting for what felt like forever to receive this
yes i know you shouldn't remove your makeup with baby oil
yes i have when nothing else was avail
you won't soon forget what it tastes like
gewy it did not imulsify well
i really didn't like it
i also don't really wear make up
can't say how well this oil is at removing it
i just could not get it to lather
it's just not something i would ever put on my face again
it didn't foam up like i thought it would have
it seriously doesn't move around.
definitely would not recommend.
they tell you that you should use it on a dry face
which i did not think was possible
then it doesn't even get everything off
i think i'm going to have to give up on it
doesn't hurt your eyes
just to get it to try
doesn't do much cleansing
no matter how little or lot i put on
i don't think i will be using this anymore.
well neither do i
i do not recommend.
i would not recommend this product.
i didn't like how it felt on my skin.
i am going to stop using this product completely.
there was definitely something in this product that my skin didn't like
i don't wear foundation on my skin so maybe that could be the case
i does not feel oil-free
t is hard for me to find products for my face
it didn't keep me from using the whole bottle
i would recommend it to anyone who doesn't have super sensitive skin
they hurt really bad
i don't feel an overall need to encourage others to buy it
you have to use a lot to cover your entire face
so don't be afraid to try it 'cause it might work wonders for you
for me.. unfortunately it didn't.
i wouldn't wear it under any make up at all.
this is for you
i wanted to like it but couldn't.
just not for me...
this one doesn't bother me at all
it doesn't even things out too much
it did nothing for my skin
because this did nothing for me
would kind of let it sit there
i would rather find something that could feel good on my skin morning
so whatever is in this my body does not like
can't wait for my face to clear up.
idk what to do with the rest.
i agree that the smell is a ltitle too much for the face
i don't know what's inside of this stuff that caused such a bad reaction
if you are a dare devil give it a shot!
maybe you won't break out
i think it would be better if they didn't add the fragrance to the formula
don't get me wrong
every time i try it
why would anyone want a heavy fragrance on their face?
if you dont have sensitive skin id recommend
for someone like me with extremely sensitive skin i would probably skip this item
a little does go a long way
i don't have any lines
i mean if it works just as good
this didn't at all
but it does absolutely nothing.
it also does nothing for my under eyes
i won't be trying his again.
i don't have time to wait for this to sink in
it did nothing it claims
i didn't see a difference
i do not recommend it.
it does absolutely nothing
does absolutely nothing, except maybe hydrate.
i normally don't write reviews so here we go
it hurts like crazy if you even get a tiny bit in your eye
i do not concider myself having sensitive skin
it does not burn like other reviews say at all it works really well with my sensitive skin however the only thing is that i don't see any brightening going on at all my dark circles haven't gone away a bit
i will never ever recommend this to anyone!!
i didn't see any results
end up taking it off because it bothers me so much
thought even if it's not potent it will still make a difference
sn't irritating like others can be for me
i just don't think i would purchase it again.
make sure you don't get any in your eye.
also has a smell- god forbid you accidentally get any in your eyes
it didn't really do anything that i noticed one way or the other
this cream did absolutely nothing for me.
this stuff is a no go.
yes i would get it again
it didn't seem to be anything special
i dont think i will purchase it again
this isn't going to help
thought i'd give this a try
so i'll be switching back to clinique i guess.
it doesn't do the job for me in january
it didn't give me that plump
but it wasn't working the way i wanted it to.
thought well i'm gonna give this another shot
so this is probably going in the trash.
i tried washing it off but it did not help.
i do think it feels better then before i started using it
not sure what this is suppose to be doing
don't really see the tightening
i don't know what happened with this.
i would get an itching sensation that was impossible to ignore
however, this product did not work for me.
don't waste your time or money.
keep you looking well rested even if you're not
didn't see any results
even if it did work
it wouldn't last me very long
i wanted results even if it didn't feel great
this product didn't work for me.
maybe i put on too much product
i can say a little goes a long way
this should not happen.
i doubt i will buy this again unless some kind of miracle happens
don't love it either
i think i'll return this.
decided to give it a try
i think i'm going to look for a different product asap
a no-go for me.
honestly can't tell much difference in my dark circles
hoping it'll work better
after 2 weeks i do not see or feel any change.
i've just never found anything that does what i hope it would
this product doesn't do anything.
i put that in quotes because i am really starting to think there is no such thing
the only good that i would say about this is that i did not have any kind of allergic reaction to it
do not waste your money on this one.
however, this did not work for me.
i really didn't see a difference when i used it.
did not care for it
alas these dark circles aren't going anywhere anytime soon
i decided to give it a try
unfortunately it hasn't done anything for my eyes
what it did wasn't enough to counteract the negative of making my under eyes feel like s
i didn't really notice any difference.
most of them don't make too much of a difference
i don't see any difference
don't expect anything else from this product.
doesn't do anything for dark circles
the same thing happened to my other eye
i cant say its done any of the things it promises to do
nothing great about it either
it doesn't irritate me either
i don't see myself buying this again.
don't even waste your money on this
i don't see any results.
this one didn't do anything for me :(
i decided to try this
generally react right away if there's an issue
not the product for me
might work on someone else
i didn't hate it either
it hydrated well but didn't seem to do much else.
t's really impossible to say exactly how one works compared with another
this really did nothing for me
but seriously, it didn't feel good.)
in summation: i don't think the product lives up to its description
i think this has to do with my skin
did not do much for fine lines
if you can overcome the smell then you should try this goodie
used too much in my opinion to do so
i would not buy this again nor would i recommend it for anyone with sensitive skin
doesn't make me red
this doesn't feel gritty enough to actually be doing anything
i wouldn't recommend using it on your eyes
?...weird...going to see if i can return it.
i think i have no choice but to take it back.
i didn't care for it
nor do i think my skin is more energized
i wouldn't recommend this product.
i wish i could post my before
anything that it claims it will do
i am hoping i could save some of you time
money by letting you know this product is not it
sadly it did not do it
not sure if that's what it's supposed to be
i mean really break out
this product did not work.
so you don't have to put up with it all day
you don't have to use much
what little you do use
nor do i recommend it
you can't really judge something by smearing it on your h
unfortunately this serum did nothing on my face.
i really wanted to like this product because it's so much cheaper than what i usually use
i did not find anything special about this serum.
luckily this did not break me out.
for me, it didn't work.
recommendation...try it for yourself.
you can return it if it doesn't work.
but it did not do too much for me.
i still don't want to look on my mirror since i still have some of them
i still don't know why my skin reacted this way to this serum
this will do the trick
go - not so much.
well, it does not.
i do not recommend this product.
this didn't do much
even if it didn't get into my eye
it does work i guess after months of using it
does not feel good if you rub your eye
unfortunately, this one, not so much.
you might want to try something else
anyways i noticed if i put it a little too close
no matter how careful i am in applying it
since i wanted to make sure it wouldn't burn or sting my eyes
the deal breaker for me is the mess it makes of whatever eye products i apply over top
i think this would be good if you spend a lot of time outside
i could definitely see it working for someone else
didn't seem to absorb well
it does not absorb
i do think i got a bad one because i cant believe anybody would use this
i also love the way it feels after you apply it.
could not wear it
given its near solid state i can't even completely evaluate its efficacy as i can't use it enough to know whether it might do something
i hear it does wonders
this product does everything the description states however if i use it
i don't see any difference so far
don't think this is the product for me
this one just didn't work for me
not sure i look much younger
please don't use this if you have sensitive skin or eyes
that's about all it did for me
family did not see any change
which does what it boasts: not greasy
i am still not sure if it's worth it
this didn't do the trick for me
this one does not deliver.
i really don't like it.
even though i really like how it felt on my skin
i also do not care for the smell at all.
i dont think it has any scent at all.
doesn't do anything about my dark circles nor does it firm my skin
because i wanted to try something less expensive than dr
this product did not work for me.
it really did little to nothing for me.
believe me when i say this cream is not worth $65
it's not working out for me
does not irritate my eyes
can't help you there
maybe you can't have it all in an eye cream
this does not bother my eyes
i didn't notice any other benefits
it did nothing for me
just didn't work for me.
not sure i am getting the result i want!
not sure what went wrong for me
not a fan, will never use it again.
it definitely does not bother my eyes
i can't tell if it's me or the cream
i do recommend it for sensitive eyes
i don't see any difference between this eye cream or any other cheap br
this one is i would say "just okay".
i would not buy or recommend to anyone.
decided to give this a try
i tried using very little thinking maybe i applied to much
say wow i can see a difference
unfortunately, that does not apply to this.
this product just doesn't seem to go along with my skin
didn't see any/enough improvement for me to continue using it
this really didn't do it for me.
i would never recommend this product.
it doesn't work either
can anyone recommend anything that really works?
if you look for it
the large bottle makes you think you have plenty to use
the bottle is not transparent so you have no idea how much you have left
i definitely wouldn't recommend this product.
i never break out either.
i do like this better than clinque.
maybe that's why it didn't work.
maybe you have to use it alone?
just not for me
i also agree with the others who said it feels as if it leaves a weird film on your face
i don't know whether this will be great using with its original mitten
never try this if you can't find its original mitten
i mean, come on-it's way too much.
i feel like it's important to mention that i only tried a sample
enough so that i could skip that step
i will certainly give that
don't know how to describe it
i decided to put it on my face anyways just to see how it works
i can't even get rid of it even if i used a cleanser afterwards
i really just have nothing good to say about it
can't imagine how on earth people like this kind of stuff?
i couldn't get past it
this is the reason you sample things first
unless you have seriously dry skin i wouldn't recommend it
all i did was put mascara on and nothing else.
i would give this zero stars if i could.
don't waste your money on this!
i am not sure how anyone would use this product as a cleanser
it's not as if i wear a lot of make up to begin with
you only need a little to cover your face
it wouldn't come off
i don't know what that was but it was awful.
feels luxurious but im just not sure it did much
i didn't find anything really great or even good about this cleanser
i don't know what all the hype is
i don't care for it
trying to figure out what it smells like
it doesn't linger after use, but it is not good.
didn't do that the first time
i can see why you'd like this product if you have dry skin
i don't think i could go this far
i suppose if you look at it as a two-in-one cleanser
i do not know because all i tried was a sample
i would never spend over $100 on something like this
maybe it just doesnt work for my skin type
it really did nothing for me
that's all it did besides screw around with my t-zone
that's what i'm doing with the rest of my sample.
then you have to get the product
could not get it off
i don't suggest this product
just don't get this product.
i even read the instructions as i thought maybe i wasnt using the product correctly
maybe it will make your skin look better in 10 days
if you are only using your h
i makes me not want to wash my face.
couldn't believe how much makeup was left behind
it does the job.
you don't need a lot.
won't even continue doing that
did nothing to help them either
i honestly did not see any difference
i don't think i'd buy again
at this point i feel like it's like any other cleanser
this seems to happen each time i take a break
try something else so far
it did nothing for me
so maybe i'll try that
but my skin did not like it at all.
didn't feel great on my face either.
i do like them
it also doesn't break me out at all.
don't see a difference yet in the fine lines at all
i did not want to try it due to my skin being very sensitive
this isn't to say someone couldn't have a reaction
i did not have one when i tried it
i think at that time i would like to revisit it
found this did nothing for me
i found nothing to like about it
it does not absorb
i would not recommend it.
i just don't feel like it absorbs at all
i did not return it
i don't know that it does anything else
sadly i returned it and will try something else.
to be honest, i don't feel a difference at all.
it doesn't cause anything bad on my skin
it doesn't make a big difference either
i don't think i'll keep using this brand.
i tried it out for 10 days to really give it a try
it's not bad, but i want more than "not bad."
unfortunately it didn't do anything for my skin.
i guess it did work in making my face not dry anymore
this did nothing for my skin.
i honestly didn't notice or feel any change to my skin
it doesn't make any difference
i won't recommend it if you really use it as a sleeping mask
if you can get by the smell it might be a great product
really artificial one that doesn't go away
i feel like it does more harm than good.
i wouldn't ever recommend this.
i would definitely not buy again nor recommend it to anyone else
it does have a scent that doesn't go away
it doesn't bother me
i didn't want to stop using it
i didn't want to continue to breakout
i realize my face isn't used to so much frangrance
you can smell it when you first put the stuff on
i can't speak to how well this worked
i don't know why all these high-end br
that don't allow you to see or feel how full the bottle is
i figured i couldn't go wrong with a sleeping mask
they just don't work
i must be the only person on the planet that doesn't love this product
the product didn't do anything for my dry
for some reason this lotion did not work for me or my friend
doesn't make me break out
i honestly don't see any change in tone
i don't think i notice a difference using this cream
t must just be me
it does not do what it says to "turnaround" skin cells
i cannot tell any difference
at least that one does what it says
it works well enough, so i didn't return it.
i can buy something else
started something else now
i don't hate it either
don't get me wrong
happy to know what was causing those breakouts
didn't like this much
if you buy it don't get the large.
it didn't really take off the makeup like i wanted it too
not at all something i can recommend.
i don't want that stuff lingering on my face
it's not the one stop shop i was hoping for
great for if you go to the gym
don't have much time or don't want to carry all of your products around
think it is okay for my skin
i really would not recommend it
it still doesn't do a good job when i swipe
just didn't work like i'd hoped
if you want to use the product to remove make up
not sure, need to look on label.
sure i guess it does the job?
takes off most of my make up but not competely.
it did not fade into my skin i don't really feel that it did anything for puffiness i will tell you if you get too close to your eyes it's not exactly fun my eyes did water
don't know if it causes milia
i could live without this product honestly.
i don't have terrible bags so maybe this would work better for someone who does
not sure if this is normal because i dont really have super sensitive eyes
every single time i get really excited because i assume that my tired under eyes will look better because of what the product labels say
i didn't see too much of a difference with this cream
this product got three stars from me because it doesn't completely solve my problem
that one doesn't bother it at all
i've never used an eyecream of any sort
there wasn't anything special about it.
maybe it just doesn't work for my skin?
it's not something i would recommend as i didn't see any real results from using it
it did not deliver.
maybe this was made for someone w/ different skin dem
it didn't do it for me
this eye cream didn't do anything for me
wouldn't recommend if you're traveling somewhere hot
didn't waste my money
doesn't seem to have the same reaction to it as i do
not sure how i feel about this.
i know if i see enough of a difference to repurchase or to rave about this
that's exactly what it did for me
it might for you
and that's exactly what it does.
this product doesn't really do it for me.
didn't really like this product
definitely not this one
does not need too much amount.
i can't knock this product for not doing it's job
it just don't work for me
so you don't need to use a lot of product
you won't like it
i found this product did nothing for my skin.
this just didn't work for me
i couldn't take it anymore
i really don't know why i was recommended this
i just can't get over how it makes my skin feel afterwards
did nothing for my face.
unfortunately this did not work for me
probably is a good product but it didn't suit me.
my face does feel cleasned after using it
however i find it does not keep my combination skin in check
t's worth your money for how little you need
when i say "squeaky" i mean like actually.
the only thing i can compare this stuff to
overall just didn't work for me
you win some and you lose some.
unfortunately it didn't work for me
this unfortunately did nothing for me.
i don't think this spot remover really did anything
it doesn't work effectively for me
i would not recommend.
i feel like it didn't do much for my face.
the instructions tell you to use this daily
that person also said it doesn't work!
unfortunately it did nothing for me except having more breakouts
imo this product makes pimples grow faster so u can get rid of them faster i guess
you don't use that much of it
if you do buy it
you will regret it.
i didn't expect it to work immediately
it did not work for me
it also didnt do anything for it
overall i did not get as much out of this product as i wanted to
it just didn't perform as well as i wanted it to.
so who knows if it helped at all or my skin worked it out on it's own
you know what does work better than this?
didn't help my pimple unless i used it over
i did not like this product
just not this one
it did not work at all for me
ut the product did nothing to improve my skin
i did not enjoy this product at all!
a product that does nothing
how orgins can think that is okay
this does not work at all.
it really didn't do anything
it stung a little when i applied it which made me believe it would do something
really not worth your money
unfortunately it didnt do anything for me
i did not see any difference
this product did not do anything for me
if you squeeze too hard
i couldn't wait to use it
i don't recommend at all because i noticed absolutely no difference
unfortunately i am going to return
it didn't do anything for me.
i realize that you really can't stop the aging process
believe me i do
yes, i will keep using it.
it doesn't do anything additional
you'd think with the price tag it would do more than it does
i know there are better moisturizers out there for me
not doing anything for wrinkles
it feels like straight grease that i could not get to absorb no matter how hard i tried
i can't imagine wearing make up over it
i guess if you use it like a serum it might work.
it feels like it doesn't really sink in
it didn't do much for me
don't think i'll buy it again
the problem with products that tout "preventative" is that there's no way to really tell that it's working
all i can really say is that i don't think this is helping
after awhile i couldn't find it in stores anymore
it doesn't really do anything that i can tell
it doesn't break me out or anything
it doesn't improve anything
you don't need to use a lot of it
i didn't know what it was
let me start off by saying that i am not sensitive to smells whatsoever
neither me nor my husb
if you don't mind orange, i would recommend this.
but otherwise... try something else.
i do not recommend if you're under 25
it makes me break out any time i use it
not sure if this is what is making my forehead breakout
they hurt really bad
i won't take my chances with that one either
i don't break out as often anymore
everything about this product -- except it makes me break out
i like it so much that i'm going to try the oil-free kind next just in case
there was something in this product that did not sit well with my skin
you may not want to reach for this one if you have sensitive skin
without changing anything else about my skincare
then i find a product that will break me out
if i didn't break me out so badly i could probably over look the smell
like i can never get it completely off my skin sort of feeling
just wanted to try something new.
i honestly don't see how anyone with truly dry skin could use this at all
it definitely wasn't the right face wash for me personally
i would definitely recommend this
if you don't have problem skin like i do
wish i could get away with that
you get a lot of product
i wish i could return it
i feel like it doesn't do much
when you first apply it
m not sure if it's the best for my skin type
i might go back to buy one or i might not after i use up the sample
didn't like what it did to my very sensitive skin
this effect doesn't happen with origin's face mask
maybe it doesn't matter
just want to retexturize their skin
it just didn't work for me
plus i didn't see any result
after reading all the reviews i thought i would give it a try
i used the whole bottle and it doesn't do that.
don't know if maybe if there's an ingredient that causes this to be so difficult to remove or if it's not meant for my skin type
i don't know how people manage to take this off with ease
let it do its thing
this is not for me.
not what i was expecting
the price isn't bad at all for how much product you get
won't try this one again.
so you really have to pile it on if you want to see any results
i still don't know that it's worth the money
my suggestion would be to go to sephora
see how you like it
it did absolutely nothing for my skin.
this just doesn't do it for me
it doesn't really do anything for me except leave my skin really red
did not break me out
this did nothing for my skin.
it did not work
yet it didn't make the mask any better
thought this didn't make the cut
i didn't feel that it did much
i can say it definitely is not for me
it didn't really do anything to clear them
did help a little bit
wanted to try something new
doesn't make much of a difference w my skin
did not like it.
i don't know why i keep picking it back up
in my case it did not
this one is just ok
i don't know why this product is getting so much hype
when i used it did make my face feel smooth
i did not see anything good come from this
i cannot like it.
i don't even apply close to my eyes
but this did absolutely nothing.
doesn't bother my eyes at all
this didn't do much for me except hydrate.
this product didn’t do anything for me.
however i didn’t see anything
did nothing special for my eyes
know what to look for
for something that feels exactly like a moisturizer i could use on my face
i do not recommend this...at all.
i wanted to try something new
wont but it again
don't have anything to compare it to
find something else for the day
t is hard to say if this cream is helping
i don't know if i just have super sensitive skin
thought i would give this a try
i did return it
i do not see a difference
i do not recommend this if you want something for fine lines or dark circles
thought i would give this eye cream a try
if anything it made my skin worse
i cant tell if its doing anything to help my skin
i would not recommend.
didn't work for me.
wanted something to prevent it
why before i read some comments about it
so probably my skin didn't like it...
honestly i really can't tell with this product.
whether i use it or not
i decided to get this to replace it
i figured that my skin needs to adjust to it because it's new
try something else or try to find philosophy clear days ahead somewhere else
i don't know that it really made my face feel very tingly like it says it is supposed to
decide to try something new
it did absolutely nothing for my skin
in my opinion this cleanser is okkkay: do nothing wrong
it do nothing for or against it
definitely not recommend to people
i decided to try this on a whim as i needed a new cleanser
i won't return it
i can't wait to finish using this
i did not like this one.
yes it did make my face feel dry
it didn't do that much
it doesn't seem to be good for my particular skin
oil is exactly what i am trying to avoid on my face :
because it certainly does not make you have "zero oil
so i'm going to say this product sort of works.
you don't need much
it did what it says but also breaks me out.
wouldnt recommend this for anyone
am not sure how it is supposed to do wonder to skin
i cannot use origins anymore
i really not recommend people who have sensitive skin like me to try
this product did not work for my skin whatsoever
think thats why my skin didnt like it
not what i was hoping for.
was like why not give a try
i did not see any change after using it
when you apply it
this is not what i wish for in a hydration mask
i do not recommend this product
i can't tell a difference in my skin after i've used it
that does not mean you do not need to moisturize your face
if i could go back
if you are willing to pay $10
decided to give this a try
whatever else is in this just makes me really really put off by the smell
i can say that it didn't make me breakout
it leaves a oil behind which i didn't want
did not like it
i do want to point out that it claims to be oil-free
decided to give it a try
not going to purchase this anymore
you don't get that much product
i just didn't get results that i hoped for
it was a no go for me
the texture or really anything else about it
didn't work on me !
i dont think its worth the money
this simply isn't enough for me in the winter
it doesn't control my oil that much
i don't think it did anything for my skin though so likely won't buy it again before exploring other options
you cannot feel it on your skin
it didn't work for me because it didn't really do anything for my dry skin
it still didn't work
this product also make me break out which i didn't like
just didn't work for me.
it didn't really for me
no other words except it did nothing.
this didn't honestly didn't do anything to my face
i guess it doesn't actually work
not sure if i would use again
it does absolutely nothing.
first i will give you a tip
i will say if you have tough acne as i did which i never get
it did absolutely nothing for me
this did nothing for me at all with one try
if you want to get a pod
i cannot say it did much for me
i guess you just have to pretend your face is taking medicine
i didn't really feel like this mask did anything for me
this didn't do much for me
it just doesn't work
doesn't do anything for breakouts
really wanted to try this mask
didn't seem to benefit my skin
there's so much in there i'm not even half way finished so you do get a lot of product
you get a lot of product in them
i didn't feel like anything extraordinary happened
i didn't see any difference after use
read so many things about this mask
it did absolutely nothing for me.
it didn't make a difference at all
refreshing it did nothing for my skin
that didn't do anything for me whatsoever
but that's about all it does.
i never know when i'm going to run out bc you can't tell how much is left in the bottle
it did not break me out
did not clear my skin
it does not feel heavy
if you like to get your money's worth i would pass
i really dislike the fact that i couldn't tell how much was left
you have no way of knowing
i can't bring myself to pay for such a small amount
it is one that i don't really see or feel much of a difference
basically not worth it.
it does not give you a matte finish
i wanted to like this, but i just can't.
because i just couldn't get over it sitting on top of my skin like a film
i can usually tell right away if the product is good for me or not
besides that i didn't notice anything whatsoever
when i did want to wear make up
i didn't even use it everyday.
i think that's why i'm not too crazy about it
it does the job
doesn't break me out
i can tell you that it does give a wonderful tingle sensation
thinking it would get better
it hasn't really done either
if you don't work it in
it just didn't work out for me.
fortunately i don't need a lot of product
figured i would give this a try
this product did not give me any results at all it did not help signs of aging
i didn't see any difference at all
will try something else.
got this thinking it would help
months to fix what this did to my face
absolutely not...... dont buy
if you are going to use it
for $20 you could get something much better
this eye cream really didn't do anything for me.
honestly i didn't see any difference
i can't really say this is going to make a difference at current wrinkles
i did not see any difference at all
i will say that this product did not make my eyes hurt as many others do
however if you want something really gentle this is great
it's done a good job of not letting anymore fine lines appear under the eyes
what i like most is that my eyes do not burn or tear when i use it
i think it's good enough to try it all around the eye area
i don't see a real
did not work for me.
it was not for me!
it goes in the trash with all the other products that don't live up to the hype
this didn't cause irritation nor did it cause break outs
it also didn't really do anything for my skin
i didn't notice anything, neither did my mother.
no difference that i can see
if i can't see it
it doesn't get my vote of confidence
it didn't do the trick
i could not figure out why.
unfortunately this did not do a dang thing for my skin
i do not recommend it.
i really don't care for this.
hense i hardly use it.
you can't see the product
this new one just doesn't seem to work the same for me
so this didn't help matters
if it happens again
i don't think using it every day is best
i tried it out and just didn't really like it.
it leaves this weird film on my face :p i think this could work for others
just know that this stuff will make your skin shiny
it does not absorb quickly or entirely.
overall i don't really like it
i wouldn't personally recommend it
but it just does not absorb thoroughly.
didn't do anything, make up still flaky as ever.
it just didn't do anything
maybe it does work as they say"
i won't like though it did work on my face from keeping it smooth
definitely doesn't do what it claims to do
does not break me out
i recommend trying that one out if you liked the hydration of this
it didn't work out too well for me.
i guess i will give it to him to use.
this did not do it
nothing too out of the ordinary
i didn't want to give up on it
until i realized how i don't favor this product
i couldn't even use it anymore.
just not what i wanted
i’m not even sure if i’ve finished the product… sometimes i get drops
if they don't rock my socks i will definitely seek out a different br
i can't necessarily doubt it
perhaps i did not give it enough time.
i can't say that i really notice a difference as of yet
i know it's way too soon
i like how it is light
that you only need one pump for your entire face
this should last me awhile
this fails to do that.
not only did i not notice any difference in fine lines
didn't seem to do anything for me after 2 weeks use
i wouldn't recommend this
this serum just didn't do it for me.
but it's like any other eyecrem, nothing special.
wish i can return it
it didn't do a thing for me.
does the product works for you or you're paid to write review for this product?
i am not sure if it is working or not
i am actually too scared to stop using it so until i find something better i will keep using it
please don't waste your money.
i wanted something to help combat
not really anything for my lids
this stuff does not work as a primer
i can't even come close to recommending it to anyone
unfortunately this did not work for me.
i did not see any results on the eye lid
what a shame because otherwise this product would be perfect
it is not for me
not only did it stop working
this did not work for me at all!!
anything that helps at a much lower cost is ok by me
i really don't know how anyone can like this product
if you want to put eye shadow over it
this product didn't do anything at all.
didn't do anything for me.
i shouldn't have to make excuses
this didn't work for me at all.
would not try it again
i know this isn't a problem for some people
it just really did nothing.
....but my skin didn't.
it did nothing to get rid of my breakouts
the pump is so stopped up i can't use it anymore
i honestly wouldn't recommend this for normal skin types
i do, however, hate , the packaging.
if i wanted them to be
when i apply this i feel like it does not really clean
don't waste your money.
don't let me discourage you from buying it
if anything it got a bit worse
i personally didn't see any improvement
this did nothing for me.
not one is because it didn't make my skin worse either
it won't do much
but i dont see any benefit at all.
however if you can afford to spend $220 for 0
if only 2 drops is all i needed maybe
don't waste your money!
tip: whatever product you want to buy
please do not fool yourself into spending $200 on this
wish i could say i love it but i don't.
i do like it for under eye use
as i tried so many this one did not do anything
really wanted this to work out .
until my mom told me that i should get some rest since my face looks terrible :
i don't get what women are talking about.
i don't know why people like this moisturizer.
when i say it did nothing-that is absolutely nada
i can't imagine that this would do you any more good than it is doing me
i don't really notice any difference in my skin except right after use
until it does nothing to your skin
don't know if that was an issue
i don't know if i would give it a second try in the future just to see if my skin peel was a reason for the bad reaction
i did like that it was not sticky
too much money for me!
so for what it does
i would not recommend it.
didn't work for me.
it didn't do anything at all
it did cause me to breakout.
don't waste your money
i did not see a change in my eyes at all
this did nothing at all
it does not work for me
if i could, i would not even give it one star.
algenist, what happened to your line????
i could not see a difference
it's my hormonalcondition that is preventing me from seeing any improve-ment
this product did nothing special for me at all
i am 39 and not sure what other product to try.
this product did not work at all for me.
i truly don't get it
don't waste your money
i don't think this product does anything more than any other eye moisturizer in terms of minimizing fine lines
i dont expect miracles
did not like this at all
why is this so
i wanted to like it, but it did nothing for me.
i don't want to throw it away because i've never spent $34 on a moisturizer before
it did not do anything for controlling oil
i did not find it to be matte in any sense of the word
so you'll have to go
i don't see that this product does anything to mattify my skin or make my pores smaller
it just isn't doing it for me
it did absolutely nothing to my pore size
whenever i use it
'm going to give it more time before going back to my old product
i can't really write a full review on this just yet since i did just purchase it
a little does go a long way
it says it's suppose to help with redness so hopefully it does that for me
i didn't like this product at all
i tried to see how well this moisturizer would work on me
i will go on with my impossible mission.
this product does not do anything it says it's supposed to
i wanted to try something new
this is a good product however i don't believe it does what it claims to
i would stick with it
it didn't help with my skin issues
i guess its going back....
it did not feel gel-like.
i didn't mind that
the reason i got this product is becuase i need the light-weight formula
i will say that when i put it on
don't get me wrong
i would definitely spend that kinda money elsewhere
i don't feel like it actually sinks in
it leave a film on the skin that i do not rellay enjoy as well
you have to really pull on your skin to get it applied
did i just spend $90 on noxema?"
be warned if you don't like scents it may not be for you
or you will not like this
i guess there are others who don't like the smell either
i would never recommend this product.
i don't know if it does what it says since i only used it twice
if you're not as sensitive to it
then you will probably love it
i cant return it
i like what it does for me skin
i don't get the 4.5 stars on this product!
wondering if i should just go wash it off
i did break out like crazy
definitely not for me.
i wouldnt recommend it to anyone-not even my worse enemy
you pretty much smell the same after a few hours as you did when you put it on
this onejust didn't work for me
i tried it for 5 nights and it did nothing.
i find myself in need of another jar soon
i'd say if you have the right skin type
it did not agree with my skin
i cant explain it
this one did not wow me at all
t does what it says
that's the only way to really get it off
doesn't even get all the
it didn't agree with me
i really didn't like it
it seems like i am the only person who thinks the item smells bad
it did not do a good job taking off all my makeup
don't get me wrong
definitely not what i was expecting
it didn't work either
i think this product just doesn't go along with my skin type
maybe it's because i'm not old enough to need it
don't waste your money or time.
nor am i sure i would recommend it.
this product did nothing except make my skin break out
feels funny when you directly apply it to the face
the product did not do much for me
this product didn't work for me.
it did not help much with hyrdration either.
i couldn't put up with it
i think the point is to confuse you to drop a bill on this can
so don't know if its a good product or not.
wish i could give this the 5 stars the "product" deserves
until you can't get anymore out of the can
was so disappointed when i couldn't get anymore out
that i really dont like it at all
the way you are suppost to use it
i wonder how much
i did not notice anything special as far as what it does for my skin
i would return it if i kept my reciept
i just dont notice any difference except for my wallet becoming flattend out
not sure what this is exactly!
and it didn't cause me to break out.
it didn't work well under either
i can't justify paying $150 for something i can rarely use
this stuff just doesn't absorb
i don't think i will buy this.
the bigger problem is this: it doesn't work.
i can tolerate so much for the sake of beauty
i don't care if i wake up looking like beyoncé.
sure wasn't going to go down without a good fight
i decided there was only so much i was willing to do to have beautiful looking skin
not for me though.
you'd never put it on your face
do not use this product
can i give 0 stars?
if i decide to use it again
don't know that i'll bother trying it again
i don't know how people use this cream on their face
can't get close to my face when i have it on
this product is the only one from the truth creme line that doesn't cause me to breakout
which i do not mind
like someone else said
fortunately it does go away after awhile
i rate this product at a 3 only because it isn't exactly what my skin needs
wanted to try something new
the last thing i want to put on my squeaky clean face is something that stinks
i did apply it to my face
i don't even know if this is a good product or not
i don't know what changed between the sample
i did think my skin looked any better from using it
i recommend you actually go to a sephora
like i did with philosophy-hope in a jar
part of me wonders if i just got a bad jar or something
i can't even properly review this product because i couldn't get over how bad the smell was
thought i'd give this a try
this one isn't of them
if you put it too close to your eyes they will sitng really bad
i wouldn't recommend this there are much better moisturizers out there
i can't really describe what it is exactly.
could tell it was doing something
sorry but i do not recommend this product.
i couldn't wait to put it on
i can't say i saw any changes.
i say save your money
this did nothing at all
f that's something you can look past
has asked me not to use it
it just doesn't agree with my skin
i couldn't take it
that you have to pat it on
if you or your loved ones can st
i don't care how well this stuff works.
i kept using my sample just because i wanted to see if it did anything amazing for my skin
it didn't seem to depuff my eyes
i won't ever do that again.
it didn't really do anything i wanted it to.
if i could just buy lotion if thats what i wanted
i get a little self conscious of others around me cause i smell like bengay or something
i find that if i apply it to my neck
it's not any better than anything else i've used.
not good if you have sensitive skin
this product didn't really work for me.
the product did not break me out
this product unfortunately did not do as claimed for my skin
did not work for me at all
afraid to use it thinking it will be gone
t does the job
there is nothing that can help it
not what it claims to do
this product doesn't work
not sure how much this did for me
i don't really notice a difference when i skip it
not sure if this made much of a difference though
it did absolutely nothing for me
it doesn't 100% take care of the problem
i really do like this product.
it did not work for me
it did not mattify at all!!
it doesn't seem to be working very well anymore
sadly, this product didn't help.
sorry to say i will look for another product that may work better
this product doesn't really mattify
obviously didn't experiment with it much
it didn't "mattify" for me
this really didn't improve my look at all
it does not mattify as promised
this product did not really help with shine control for me
i didn't see any difference in my skin.
did nothing for me.
oh well, i tried it, on to something else.
this does not get my face clean at all
i don't think that there should be that much alcohol in any skin care product
would not recommend it to anyone.
which i don't find to be necessary because it's supposed to make your skin look better
i don't see any difference in my face
i can't say that it worked mircales
i don't see any results yet
thats what you get
i don't think i would buy it again
for this reason maybe that is why it doesn't last long
won't travel without it
eyes so maybe it would be better for someone else
didn't do much for me
i do believe there are better eye pick me-up's out there
i don't usually buy things on a whim
decided to give this a go
did not make any difference
i honestly can't see a difference in my eyes
before i talk about the product
did not like the feeling at all.
i couldn't believe how little was in the tube.
did not get the results i wanted
however i feel like that's all it really does
i didn't think it did much for puff factor
it didn't do much for me
its great when you don't sleep well
didn't see any results with depuffing really...
even though it would probably clear up on it's own anyway
i didn't really notice much of a difference
this one just doesn't cut it
definitely do not recommend.
like if you put vicks under there.
this product did not depuff my eyes at all
please note this is not very moisturising
i didn't find that this did anything for me.
i still wanted to give it a try
it does not work for me
it does not a sort into my skin either
to see if that would make a difference
there wasn't anything especially wrong with this product
wish i could say more.
i won't get to find out
can't say whether it works for that
i wouldn't buy it because i don't have faith enough that it'll do as it says it will to pay $80
did not work for my skin at all
i don't know if i got a bad batch
i don't see any results
i am giving it one star because this product did not do anything it claimed it would
it did not help with any of my needs
i really wished that i did not waste my money
make sure you buy this product from sephora or request a generous sample so that you do not get stuck with a hard to finish expensive bottle like i did
because it does not get the job done
i didn't see any great results
it did not do much for my dark circles
i'll admit that i didn't use it for any length of time to see if i liked the results
that didn't make any difference
you only need a little to cover your face
it pains me to say that
this one wasn't anything special
i don't think this mask is worth it.
when i apply it
it also does not really do much to address fine lines
it didn't even a little
i would never spend $80 on something that's in contact with my skin for under a minute
if you can afford this
unfortunately it did not clean it all the way
it's just not gonna come from me.
i don't know if the dark spots have minimalized
i can't be sure
i dont know how this has good ratings
it didn't do anything drastic, i don't think.
if anything, it mosturized a bit more?
it just didn't give me clear results
i can't see how it would work for an oily or combination skin type
it doesn't do anything
i cant say it has worked as it should
i cant notice any difference in my skin tone.
no matter how little i used
did not really do anything it advertises to do
i wanted to warn others
no matter how little you apply
it did not break me
it just didn't work for me
you should probably consider if you really think this would work for you or not
you can still detect it
took a break from the oil to make sure it wasn't something else
see how it does
trying a new skin care product can do that
it doesn't look better
it didn't turn out in that way
this one result it's doesn't come out that way
nothing more than okay to me.
don't think it worth the price since it doesn't do nothing special for me
the truth is the product does not work
i believe the juno is the cause.
i am still not sure what it was supposed to do
i did not see any change in anything after 4 weeks of use
this product is not for you
i don't feel like the luna is doing anything either
i don't see that it has really done anything for my skin
this did nothing for my skin except break me out.
not prone to breaking out at all so this really disappointed me
might give this another go on a section of my face to see if it's really causing this
the smell alone makes me not want to use it
i would skip it.
which is not what i want from a $100+ product
i break out a lot every time i use it
my skin didn't look any different the next day
i think i'll stick with them
try to see if i notice any difference
i feel like it would be worth it
however the reason i don't think it's worth the money is it didn't lighten any of my spots even a little
it did not work for me.
this literally did nothing for my skin.
it literally did nothing for my skin.
i gave 2 stars vs 1 because i didn't break out from it or anything
it's been weeks of me doing everything i can to get rid of the bumps
i did not like the feel of it on my skin
im not sure what percentage of la there is in here
if you're accustomed to aha you might not notice any great difference with good genes
i usually buy things blindly
it did nothing for me
this product did not correct them a bit.
it just didn't do the trick
wish i could return it.
it did not do me good
don't keep using it like me
it just didn't work well for my particular skin
you should get a in person sample at the store before you spend this much money on something that may irritate your skin
it just doesn't agree with me sadly
maybe i just don't need it yet
i went for it because i read so many amazing reviews about how it transforms your skin overnight
because i didn't see any of the changes everyone else is raving about
i didn't mind the smell as much as other people seem to
i can't let it sit on my face for too long
i didn't see a difference in my skin at all
if you decide to use it, just know that going in.
didn't work for either of us
didn't do anything for my pores.
product does what it says.
i think it did the opposite
if i could i would give it half a star
doesn't feel good when you are working the product into your skin
i wouldn't purchase this regardless of the price because it doesn't do anything special
doesn't really make a difference.
still trying to figure out it's purpose as it doesn't do anything
i can't see spending 45$ on this.
what it does or doesn't do i don't think it's worth it
nothing that would stop me from buying it if i saw results
i like how it makes my skin feel
i could get a cleanser that i'm crazy about
i don't feel it has done much for my skin
this might not be for you
my first issue is that it doesn't clean.
why would i want that on my face?
i almost can't review the product because the smell is all i can think about when i use it
i've used this product a couple of times just to make sure i wasn't crazy
what's a girl gotta do to get some rose oil extract or something?
it doesn't even feel that great on my face
'm wondering if this caused them
what does it do?
it just didn't work for me.
it didn't feel like it did a great job cleansing
the more i used it the more i didn't like it
decided i'd give it a try
i would give this a try
this did nothing for me
unfortunately it did not really help my acne at all
it didn't make it worse
it just didn't make it any better
this one just isn't one of them
i feel like it doesn't do any better than the cerave cleanser i used before
for 60$ cad i can find something better for sure
i only continue to use it because i couldn't bring myself to throw away almost $70
i keep going back to it to try
i wouldn't recommend this for anyone with sensitive
i honestly cannot tell if it's done any good
my skin doesn't seem to look different
you get used to it
couldn't wait to start using it
guess i was just expecting a little more
i don't foresee this bottle lasting a long time
this stuff is soft when you put it on
i do not feel any uplifting effect from this product either
i don't know whether they just sent me one r
i decided to try this hoping that it would help me with the fine lines on my neck
i've thought about using this again b/c it did have good results right away
i did not like this product
i though the need to write a review because you can't possibly use the product as directed
i didn't use all that much
i couldn't imagine applying it during the day as the product suggests you should do
i did not like this one
i do not think it is doing anything more than plain light argan oil
it is not all that easy to use if you like to layer products
it seems to go on well (ie.
i don't have time for this step.
i want to just put it on
it does make me look younger
i don't feel any burning like some others have at all
time will tell, i guess.
i like this product because you don't need a lot to cover your face
not sure if i'd buy again or not
if anything it looked a little worse for wear.
i wonder if that wasn't part of the problem
i should of trust my guy
it did nothing for my skin
didn't work for me.
i do like the consistency of the product
i decided to try this product
asked a sephora beauty expert what to get because my foundation tends to settle
this did not do what i needed it to do
have tried everything to get rid of them
this product just didn't work for me.
i honestly don't see a bit of difference
i do think this product was a waste of money
this did absolutely nothing for me
not even on really fine lines
thought i would give this a try
did nothing for my lines
i could maybe see how it work as a primer
i would not recommend this product.
this gave me nothing
so decided to try this product
this product does absolutely nothing.
thought i should give it a fair try first
i did not see any difference
so thought what the heck
i didn't see any results it promised
let me tell you-it burns
it doesn't say what it does---do not buy it's a waste of money
it didn't do my skin any good nor did it hurt.
if anything it made my skin worse
if you're like me
i would not say clean
but to be honest, it doesn't help either.
don't think i can continue to justify spending that much money
not only does it not work as well
spend your money on something else!
it did absolutely nothing to the skin.
i can't say i'd recommend it
it didn't do anything for my acne
pros: i'm not exactly sure which ingredient does this
especially not for how little you get
this didn't work for me
i decided to try this out
i don't break out often if that makes sense
i don't like this at all
i need to return it asap because it didn't work for my skin type
could not take it anymore
absolutely nothing would help my skin
even then you just push on it a little bit
guess i'm just not sure if it worth buying it
it didn't make it worse or cause anymore breakouts from using it
sadly this did nothing for me
i think i will return this
i don't seem to see any results
i would put it on
it's like i never even put it on
i really want this product to work
just don't see this product as worth it
this product unfortunately does not compare to the rest of the line
i decided to use it
i don't mean to be vain
will not be using this anymore!
this did not work for me
i don't know but i wasn't going to wait and see.
wouldn't recommend this to anyone
didn't really seem to help clear up her skin
for me, this product did not work.
doesn't actually heal them in a day
it did nothing for my skin.
it didn't help his either
why did you have to go
i feel like it does a so-so job on treating the spots
can't really say how well this would work on it's own
i think i need something stronger.
maybe it wasn't right for my skin type.
it did the job
not sure if it made me break out or not
it definitely did not help
i really didn't like it
felt like it did almost nothing
i decided to return it because it was nothing special
rather stick to products i know don't cause breakouts
this just didn't work for my skin type.
will try something else next time
this cream doesn't do anything.
i would not recommend at all.
i would not buy it again i would also not recommend it for sensitive skin
i think it would make them oily
if you tried other good product
it didn't feel like
i don't like the inconvenience of having to do virtually nothing while it's on
totally fine if you're not impatient like me
i don't feel any change after this eye mask.
there isn't too much to absorb, either.
the thing just did not stay on very well
i didn't really notice any depuffing.
but i don't see any difference after use.
it didn't help with any of my dark circles as it claims to do
it did nothing for the appearance of my eyes as it claimed it would do
if you love eye treatments my recommendation is to pass on this one
didn't do anything for me.
it didn't do anything
i don't know how long i left the mask on because i forgot to set a timer
i wish it wasn't a one-time use mask
not what i was expecting !
although i couldn't really tell if they worked
this mask did nothing.
it didn't do anything to the appearance of my dark circles
this stuff does nothing
it doesn't do what it claims to do
i don't know if its a certain ingredient or what
it didn't do anything
this does literally nothing for my breakouts
it did nothing for me at all
although i do not get a lot of blemishes
i still get them
it's exactly the same.. if not worse.
it doesn't help it at all or make it go away quicker
it did nothing to my skin.
this product did not live up to what it claims i do not recommend this product if u have moderate to severe acne
this did nothing for me.
i really needed/wanted this to work
it really is more like a medicine or something?
i just can't figure out what i'm doing wrong
i think i've picked the wrong thing for my normally "normal" skin
this did nothing what so ever for my acne
didn't get worse or better just nothing it was as if i was applying nothing on my skin
i eventually couldn't do it anymore
it didn't work sadly probably just me
i would encourage you to try it because we all don't have the same skin types
if it works for you <3 if it doesn't call me
btw it does not sting it feels so nice on your skin well tbh it doesn't feel like anything
it doesn't seem to be doing much for me
probably going to return this or not buy again.
immediately started breaking out like i do with most products that simply don't control my acne
maybe i don't have bad enough acne to notice anything
didn't do anything for my skin.
i don't really see any improvements to my skin.
too bad it just didn't work for me.
when i find something that works
oh ptr, why did you change this product!?
unlike anything else on the market
because this product is just too awful that i have to write something to let other people know
i did not think this was fast absorbing.
i would not recommend it.
can't wait to be done with it
just didnt do anything special.
figured i could deal
but it didn't do anything beneficial either.
it really did not feel light or oil-free
she did not like it either
does not control oil enough
i don't pick it up
i did not like this product at all.
i also did not like the feel of this
this product did not work for me
as this product did infact do what it says it does
since i ordered this online i dont wanna go through all the hassel of returning it
this product did not keep my t-zone matte at all!
it just does work for me.
i did not see any results.
i think this would be good if you have oily skin.
it does nothing for me
if you try this
you can look it up.
you can feel it on top of your skin
not sure it has done anything
i am not sure that it has done anything for my darker spots
i am going to try the whole course
this one really does not suit me
i just don't see a difference in my skin
i do not know what crack dr
i guess what i'm saying is this might work
it did not feel good.
you can just pass on this one
i don't care if it were to magically take 20 years off of my face
not sure if i just got a bad tube
does nothing to help the skin
doesn't make me break out or cause anything adverse
this serum did the opposite of what it claims to do
which is not what you want as the base of everything else you add to your skin
i don't even know what it's supposed to do.
i will use it until empty bc of how much i paid for it
it honestly did nothing of what it was advertised to do
i don't know if i should've given 2 weeks
i don't think it is anything special
i will say that it certainly hasn't irritated my skin
i really can't say i noticed any change after using it
a half-pump could do the trick :
every time i use this product not only do i fail to notice any benefits
i didn't see much change in my skin after using up the whole bottle
but i don't like how it sticks.
as in i don't notice a difference in my skin if i leave it off one day
sad to say this product didn't do much for me.
not too bad when i start to use
then it wouldn't be the right product for you
did not help much.
i do use the s
i really don't understand this oil.
the oil didn't go anywhere
only if i know how
will not recommend to anyone.
i didn't even want to try with my perfume on top
not really thinking about how good the product may be
it does look good on your table fyi :-)
and by yet, i actually mean i never will.
my instinct is not to use it on my face
i recognize it it not for everybody
ok i cannot get past the smell to the point that i cannot say how moisturizing
my skin did not react well with this
i don't like it as much
i don't particularly like how it feels on my skin
it did not help at all
i wouldn't give up my josie maran for this.
it also didn't make a huge difference either
this one just doesn't cut it
didn't really improve my skin at all.
i didn't like this mask that much!
i would recommend something else before using this produc because it is a temporary fix
i didn't like the texture either
this didn't nothing for me personally
it didn't do miracles or make a change or improvement the mask does feel weird feels like u could do this mask at home with the oatmeal nothing to rave i wouldn't buy again unless i got a sample
this did nothing for my skin
this mask doesn't do anything.
either way, this was a fail for me.
do not recommend this mask at all.
it's nice if you have the extra money to spend
i don't see or feel any difference on my skin after use or after extended use
i would try to sample this before you purchase it to make sure it agrees with you
not sure why since oatmeal should not be irritating
doesn't break me out
i don't think it helps my skin in any way
not sure this does anything
don't know if this is a usual reaction to this or not
if you're truly oily i think you will 100% love this
i mean anything to help am i right
i don't know why they recommend me this
i do not feel like it mattifies my skin
didn't work for me .
i did make sure i told this to the sephora rep
just not right for my skin
it does an ok job.
it didn't control any oil
this won't fix it
"rescue" claims don't really apply here
unfortunately, it didn't really help.
i feel like it doesn't really absorb
it didn't do anything special for me
didn't do much for my skin
i would not recommend this product if you live up north
thats all i can say about this product
it did not absorb
didn't work for me
am debating whether i should bring it back or not
i don't know what was
i dont use it as much as i would if jot for this
it does nothing for my dark circles i can't give this anything other than 1 star
don't waste your $ on this
doesn't work at all
something that doesn't do anything that it claims to
it didn't do anything
it does not do anything to my dark circles.
not sure how i feel about this product.
i do believe that it helped my dark circles
i can think of better sensations to pay for
this didn't work for me.
do not spend your money on this.
it sadly did nothing for me
i don't suffer from any puffyness
didn't used it directly
this really didn't do anything to help
it did nothing for me personally
i didn't expect it to be tinted at all
make it do something
circles don't look any different though.
i am going to go back for another try!
didn't work for dark circle i don't recommend this to anyone
guess i'll find out if that's any better
don't waste your money on this if you're looking to correct dark circles
not what i expected.
couldnt be more wrong
could not see any difference
i can say that i did not notice a difference
this didn't do anything for me
did not work for me at all
hope this helps to whom ever tries to buy this because it's not worth putting $40 for something that does not work
hoping to see any bit ofimprovement
i guess when youreach a certain age
i definitely wouldn't recommend this to anyone because i have dry skin
unfortunately, i can't say any of that.
it doesn't do much
you need to be careful when applying it as sometimes it "pops" out
thought i'd give this a try
while i don't expect miracles
i would not recommend this
i would not recommend this product.
do not waste money on this product.
don't expect any change
product just did not work for me.
i also feel that this product isn't enough hydration either
this eye cream did nothing for me.
i guess it works for some people
i wish i could return it.
i stopped using it because i didn't like the texture of it
don't waste your money.
i would totally recommend this
this did nothing for me.
for me it just didn't work
decided to give it a try
after using the whole bottle i don't see any changes on my skin
it just didn't really do anything
i still don't know if it's for me
did not absorb anything at night
i didn't give it 5 stars because i felt that it did make me breakout a little more
it doesnt promise anything that it states
wanted to switch things up
i should just stick to what i know works
do not use this product
don't even try it, it's not worth it.
save yourself the trouble
i can honestly say that my skin is looking better
i did not see any change in my skin with this product
it causes me to breakout every time i try to use it
i don't really see results from using this product
i gave this product 3 stars because it does not break my skin out
it's didn't feel like something that was doing me any good
i didn't use the pads do not sure if that may have made a difference
maybe it will work for someone else.
didn't see any results
see what happens though
so far i don't see a difference
didn't see any results
don't forget if you don't like a product you can return it without the receipt for a full refund on a sephora gift card
you don't like it
you can always return it even if you have used half the bottle
if you don't have the receipt they will give you a sephora gift card with the money
i think most people don't know this
one good thing i can say about this product is that
it didnt do anything as to brighten my face or any marks
it hasn't done anything for me.
i didn't feel like there was much a difference
the one thing it did which i am not mad about is noticeably fade/ diminish my fine lines greatly woohoo
i would give it 5 stars
i don't notice anything different
'm not sure if my breakouts are because of the retinol or if i'm just sensitive to something else in the solution
worse idea ever... what a waste ;(
this stuff really doesn't do what is says it should
i didn't want to give it a bad review
i just didn't get any results from this product
i didn't really see results using it.
the actually container is terrible you cant pump anything out
you're supposed to pump the product out
i do my research before i buy anything
make sure you know what you are getting into for your skin
that was enough to know that it is not for me
it either does not pump out
this mask did not seem to do much
no matter how i used it
it would be an excellent mattifier if it didn't make me break out
this product literally does nothing.
i don't like the way the product comes out of the container
i can't say i've ever used it overnight because i don't want to ruin my sheets
at the same time i cant see any hydration
i dont care about it
clearly didn't work for me
i must say you could see the difference
it does not matter if i use a primer or not or even what primer or foundation i use-- regardless the cream balls up on my skin after i apply my foundation
its a waste of money-- does not do anything really
i do not see any difference it makes to my skin.
if you can't live with the scent then makes no sense to buy it at $195/bottle
i also didn't find that it absorbed well for me when i did try it
it's very heavy on my face i'm hoping it does not break me out
i would only recommend this product if you do not have sensitive skin
i do know what other reviewers are talking about
you probably will notice it more
if that doesn't bother you
it might otherwise be great stuff
not sure yet if the product works or not.
once you get it on i can't notice the smell
it's not what i want to wear on my skin all day
you do not get what you pay for with this product
try it out to see
the only positive is that you don't need to use a lot
unfortunately, this did not brighten them at all.
guess at my age i need something richer than this
this product does not work
this one does not deliver any of what's promised.
perhaps thats why the product is not consistent.
anyhow, i returned it.
t does feel like you're losing a lot of product on your fingers upon application
not sure it's worth all of that money
i won't be wasting my money again unless peter thomas roth makes it known he brings his original formula back
don't see / feel any differences.
because of bad breakout i couldn't continue it
i can only say this is not for me
i retiurned the bottle reluctantly because i really want all the benefits it promises
i didn't really see a difference after about 6 months so won't purchase again
if you really want results
because of this it's not a product you can put on your fingertips to apply
it's so oily i didn't even want to put it on my face
it didn't seem to do anything
some days i do think it is great
i could not get my make up to go on evenly
this product really did not help
not sure how my skin is supposed to look/feel after so long
you don't need much
not sure why it's bad to put on your eyelid!
i don't think this made a very big difference at all
maybe it'll work on someone else.
you may want to look for something stronger
dont waste your money.it doesnt work.
definitely taking it back to try something else.
didn't see much result
i can hardly tell the difference
i think there is something in the fragrance that does not work with me
i just couldn't see any results
does not make a difference
guess i expected a "miracle".
much less recommend to anyone
no matter how careful i was it always managed to get into my eye
because i don't want to buy one for am
this did nothing for me.
i didn't like this at all.
this did not work well for me.
this did nothing for me.
it didn't work for him.
this did not do the trick
try something else next time
too much so for me.
these didn't do much for my eye bags at all
it certainly isn't hurting anything.
thought this would do the trick
don't see any change at all
my skin is very dehydrated this did nothing would recommend trying before you buy
i feel like this product was just made to make you want to buy the serum
i'll start out by saying i wish i could get myself to return this
i don't know how to describe it
it did not make a difference
it did not work for me
it did the job every now
didn't help not even 60% of the time
this didn't do anything for me
if asked if i would buy this again
i would reply "probably not
you can't see how much is left.
i feel that it has not done anything dramatic to my skin other than simply hydrating it
does not absorb well
i could pick up something from the drugstore that would do exactly the same thing
i didn't like this.
i just couldn't get on board
this did nothing for me
some days it did okay, but just ok.
honestly just think this didn't work for my type of skin
do not use if you have combo to oily skin will break you out
it does the job
however my skin really didn't take well to it
this is not it.
yes, this product does absorb fast.
i do know it did not get the job done for me
i would not recommend this to someone with my similar skin type
this does not cut it
this is not it :
however, doesn't fit to my face.
as most products that don't work on my skin do
it didn't work any wonders or anything
i don't think it actually did anything
i do appreciate how it doesn't have spf in it- i hate the way spf
i wanted to say it is only a night cream
absolutely can't wear it in the day at all
doesn't react to my skin
if you use it in the am
not knowing how much is left
since the packaging doesn't allow visual confirmation as is impossible to break you don't know what's left
i can't tell if i've broken the only way to dispense the lotion or i've used it all within 2 weeks
i just couldn't get past the 'aroma'.
it is not for me
i could get over the bottle if i liked the product
there is no way to get the lid off once the pump does'nt get the product out
what i don't like is the pump
i wouldn't use it every day
not to mention i can't unscrew it to check if there's any product left
i still can't get part of it off
that's probably because it didn't even last me a month to take a notice
since you can't open it
unfortunately, it is not for me!
it's gotten bad enough that my boyfriend asked what was wrong with my face
waste of time and money if you ask me.
the only thing i don't like is the pump
i wish they would change it
i don know what is going on with ptr lately
ptr, what are you doing??
can we please get our tried
this isn't one of them
can' say if it really works are not
t does not give you instructions on how to open the product for first time users which could easily break if not careful
i never really have breakouts just once in awhile
finally i had to let it go because it got so bad
i wouldn't recommend this line to anyone!
i did not see any result yet
i really don't care
i tried this product hoping that it would do something amazing for my pores
i don't know if this is supposed to be used with another perricone pore treatment product
just cannot put it on my face.
wasn't in any particular rush
i couldn't tell any difference at all for my t zone
maybe it does for some, but certainly not for me.
i can't believe people actually like this
i didn't know that was possible.
would never recommend this!
let me warn everyone
leave this alone if you value your skin.
i don't think any amount of discomfort is worth it
definitely try a sample before purchasing just in case you can't tolerate the tingle either
or you might love it
i’m not convinced that it is anything special.
this product just didn't work that well for me
i do not recommend for sensitive skin!
the leaves or whatever in it are kind of odd too
i couldnt run fast enough to get this off of my skin
i can't say my skin feels any different than it does after other exfoliators i have
it didn't feel better
i didn't experience the burining sensastion that other did
there wasn't even enough left
it didn't burn like crazy or anything like that
i actually like the leaves
nothing i couldn't achieve with a regular face mask
i didn't get any glowy effect or anything special
can't say much good about it.
didn't seem to do anything special that any other exfoliator could do for much cheaper
i just dont think its worth it
left just icky if you working thinking of buying this due to all the youtube hype i would pass
the same thing happened to my skin
it didn't get any better
decided to give this a try
this mask did absolutely nothing for my skin.
don't think it makes a difference to my eye area.
it didnt do much for me.
this does nothing for me unfortunately.
maybe not the usual result but it happened to me.
but didn't see any results with this either.
i don't know why this is so expensive
did not work for me
i don't know why lancôme thought this applicator was a good idea
don't wast your money it does notting for your eyes al
it didn't do a darn thing
if you must try this product, get a sample.
it did nothing for my eyes
don't waste your money.
she said it would be ok
there is hope that the product would do something
ing a something else that actually works
not only it didn't make it look better
that's important otherwise you have to use another product this did nothing for my bags after 6 weeks
want to give a fair chance
i think i can find a better way to spend $70.00.
wish i could return it.
i guess i could use it only at night to avoid the make up running thing
still can't decide how i feel about it
i can't figure out what it's doing for my skin
i feel like it does not fully absorb
wont break you out
just hoping to find a skin care routine that i love
at least that's what i believe it was
let my skin have a break until i decided to try it again
i don't think it did what it should do for the cost
this didn't do what i was expecting it to do
i would definitely recommend trying to get a sample of this
i do like this product
i don't see much difference in the fine lines on my face
'm not sure if i would recommend it to others yet
i wouldn't waste my money
didn't make any difference
i don't want other people to make the same mistake of buying this after reading the reviews
i don't feel that this product helps in that area
really want to love them, but end up returning.
i wish i didn't spend the money on this.
it did not make my skin breakout though.
it didn't do any great
it didn't hurt anything
i would expect more even skin tone or something
if you wear heavy makeup i don't think this will do the job for you
i could not wait to try this new cleanser
i wanted to use this for awhile
can give an honest review of this product
does it do all it claims to do?
in a nutshell, it does.
one negative is that it doesn't come with clear instructions
what exactly is that stick thing?
so that you don't have to stick your fingers in it
i don't think i can really spend nor justify spending a couple hundred dollars on just one product
the directions tell me how to apply
t may last me forever
see if that helps
i try to take really good care of my skin
you do not need to use much
i wouldn't recommend this product to people who have sensitive skin
can someone let me know please?
the product didn't work for me.
it didn't do what it said it would
will return product for something else
i really wanted to like this mask because i heard from so many people that it really works
it didn't help my skin
this is ok to use.
i did not find any magic so far.
maybe i need to use it longer.
i dont see any changes on my dark spot though
i am not sure if i am overusing it
does not look like
i don't think it actually did anything enough to repair skin
it did not do anything special for my skin.
maybe it's the "tightening" they claim it does even though don't really see a difference
this did nothing for either of those things.
not only it did not lift
i didn't notice any "lifting
i don't think i'd be buying it again.
do yourself a favor and do not buy.
i do not know how this product got such a high review
personally i don't think that this eye cream is worth the price or the hype
didn't see what was so great.
i can't recommend this product to anyone.
thought i'd give it a try
it definitely doesn't deliver
it does not act like an eye primer
well hmm well i guess at the moment i applied it it did soften the wrinkle some
thank goodness for the return policy cause i would have been upset to loose so much money on a product that didn't work for me
i can't tell if it's providing any anti-aging benefits or not
i think it's a decent formula that might work better on someone else
i personally probably won't buy this one again
it did do what it promised though
was willing to give it a try
i honestly didn't see any results
i don't expect much being over 50
for the price i'm really not too crazy about it :/
it says you can leave it on 5-20 min.
i don't consider myself to have sensitive skin.
i think it does clean pores well if you don't have a bad reaction to it
this product didn't do much at all for my me
just didn't work out for me
won't get it again though
i asume it was normal
i now have no idea what to do
i really do not recommend this for anyone
how people recommend this so much
not sure why i even bought
read reviews of the same thing happening to others
don't bother with this.
i really really realllyyyy wanted to love this product because who doesn't want clear skin
this product claims what everyone wants a clearing mask to do
didn't work for me.
do not do the same mistake i did.
it didn't work out
after reading the great reviews on this product i couldn't wait to try it
i just didn't do wonders like i thought it would.
this product doesn't work for me.
i don't see it doing anything.
f i had the choice i would give this 2
if my cheek blemish didn't go down after this use it's gotta go
it didn't deliever for me
a lot of glamglow products make me break out unfortunately
wanted to try something new
this broke me out, not terribly but just enough.
it'll sit on top
can't figure out why though!
won't break me out
every time i use this it breaks me out
i definitely suggest trying it first
it doesn't help much not matter how much i use it
this is not the product for you
i just didn't research well enough
i don't know what it is
didn't cause me to breakout though.
i wanted to try something different because of spring
i didn't like how it felt on my face
there are serious things i don't love about this product
when i don't wear make-up with it
i will be trying a new moisturizer since i cannot wear this under make-up anymore
this is not good for anyone other then people with only crazy dry skin
unfortunately it seems that origins decided to change things up
if you are sensitive to smells, do not get this!
i wouldn't use this in my normal routine
figured it wouldn't hurt to try this one
maybe this may work for your i cannot attest to how it holds up under foundation
since i don't use it
it only does an ok job
if you don't wear foundation
it did nothing that it claimed it would do.
i decided to try it anyway
it doesn't do what it says.
i am afraid to ever apply it again
if you are wondering if you should buy this
you know what got you interested in it
if you want something to do something i suggest not wasting your hard earned money on this
f you were in a rush i wouldn't recommend putting it on
this one didn't work out for me
i think it may be breaking me out to
it doesn't feel good on the face
it honestly makes me want to rewash my face
i cannot say enough good things about it
don't know if there's a catch to that or not
it didn't do anything that it said it would in the description
i decided not to blame it on the product
i know it says it takes about 6 weeks to see any difference
i definitely would not recommend.
does not cause me to breakout
this did not work for me
it didnt help with anything
i don't know why
this product did not work well for me
i did not work
it did not diminish any lines
this cream did not manage to work
i don't really have any lines on my face
it doesn't mean this product is not good
it really didn't do much for me
honestly, i don't understand the hype.
i don't like the dispenser because it can be hard to control the amount that comes out
if you dispense too much its not like you can put it back in
i did not use long enough to notice
which i also didn't like
i've never experienced anything like it.
if i didn't get this in a kit i would return it.
it did not do anything great for my skin.
all i know is that this just isn't for me
which i can take or leave
i try not to give a product negative reviews simply because it breaks me out
just because it doesn't work with my skin
sadly it didn't work out for me
wouldn't recommend this product to people that break out easily like me
just not for me
i think if you have dryer skin you would like it more
didn't work well for me.
i really didn't notice any results
it does not absorb
i'll go try look for something better
but that's all i have to say about it.
it did nothing for fine lines.
i just don't find any change in my face al
also because i don't think the product is designed for that
thinking maybe my skin will get used to it
it doesn't do enough even without the problems it's given me
if you are like me
this just didn't do it
it does not seem to be good enough
i mean it feels all right to put on.
i still want to see how it performs in the summer
if it turns out to work there
i don't see much of a difference in my skin
could not wait to try it
i did not feel much from it at all.
i felt like i needed to use a lot of the cream to feel anything
i just did not like how it felt on my skin.
yet i dont see a diference
it didn't do anything
i just feel like this didn't do anything for me for the long term
i just didn't see any results with this product.
i did not like this.
i don't know why
didn't really show any results
i don't know that i would buy it again, however.
it still didn't help
i shouldn't review this yet
can get rid of them
this product did absolutely nothing for my under eyes
this did not happen
it's difficult to tell how low i am or when i'm running out
plus, it didn't make a difference.
i really can't believe this is an eye product.
i do like the consistency of this product.
this one did not work for me
if i could give this product zero stars i would.
i don't see any difference
i think something else might be better
i don't notice any miracles happening
it didn't get better.
i do not recommend this for anyone with remotely sensitive skin
the cream does not actually do anything for my skin
it didn't work for me
going back to caudalai for sure.
if you get it in your eye
too bad it didn't work for me
i am not sure if this actually works
i don't know if they will print this
the 2nd time to be sure it did what i thought it did
i don't not recommend this product.
as long as you don't use too much
i really would like this to work
this did not work out for me at all
it did absolutely nothing for my dark circles
or they don't do what they say they will at all
this product did absolutely nothing.
i don't understand the reviews.
i didn't see any real difference even after months of trying this
if i could leave it zero stars i would.
i didn't really see a difference
maybe it works better if you just got the scar or maybe right after a break out
i would be willing to try another bottle
it doesn't work for me
just personally cannot deal with a product that doesn't sink into my skin
it just didn't work out
i wouldn't recommend wasting your money
it might work for other scars though i can't imagine if it didn't work on a fresh scar how much it would do for older ones
anything past that i don't see it happening
this did absolutely nothing for me.
this didn't do anything for me really.
i kept thinking i should just try longer.
this did nothing to my skin even after i used 1/2 the product
why i can"t see the change ?
i can't attest to whether it works or not because i did not use it for the required period of time
though i do not think it has gotten rid of them completely
not sure about repurchasing because i don't feel it has made that much of a difference
decided to give this a try
when it does go on
i wish i could return this
i also donot see any significant effect.
i reaaaally wish i wouldn't have wasted $45 on this
i couldn't find any difference
a little does go a long way
this product did not work for me at all
it didn't work for me
can't say anything about the effectiveness yet
i did notice that it does not work under makeup
maybe i'm just not good at these things
for what i did
i can't say that this product has done much for me
even after you try
please let me know
i decided to give the cream another chance just in case it was a fluke or something
thought what the heck
i realize that not every product works for everyone
this one did not work for me
didn't see a difference at all
i don't know how long would it take to make my skin better like before
i never want to review any products.
so please use it caution if you want to buy.
i really don't want to go through any period of time with my skin rough
it's actually making the lines around my eye's more pronounced which is certainly not what i want
unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype.
it did absolutely nothing to control oil
maybe just not meant for my skin type...
i would recommend asking for a sample first to see if it works for you before shelling out this kind of money
other that that, i do like it
i hate this product did nothing for my pores made me breakout
i would not recommend as a daytime
i can get them all off
for this much money i do not want to
not only did it make me break out
it didn't work for me
i can't use it with foundation
it didn't make a difference
i doubt that another few says will change anything
i rarely hate every single thing about a product
no matter if i used this alone
i do not recommend this product.
i really can't say anything about results as i can't use it
this product did nothing
maybe i need to use it longer
if you're sensitive to that
just not right for my skin type.
guess it did too well of a job!
see if it is right for your skin
this is hard to explain
silica in therei break out if i use sth that contains silicai couldnt even give it a try cuz i dont wanna break outdisappointed in ingredients
i did not find any results at all :/
i really wanted this to work, but it didn't.
i recommend finding something else for pores.
do wonders for my skin
if anything it clogged them :(
i just do not see the results i thought i would.
i do like the feel
can never really know if a product is the cause of it
but i think i'm going to use the whole bottle.
though i wasn't sure what
it did not seem to work for me.
i wonder if another product from the algenist line could do the same
not make me break out
or if maybe i'm not using a good enough cleanser?
i do no see much if a difference
it should do what it states it suppose to do
don't spend the money if your hoping for this product to correct dark circles
see if it makes any difference
how it would completely change my life
that's money i'll never get back
i hope i can find something that actually works!
i do like the fact that the product comes in a pump bottle
didn't do anything other than dry out skin
both of us have come to conclusion that it doesn't seem to do much
i don't even use alot
i wouldn't get it again.
this did absolutely nothing for my eyes.
this did not deliver
as just a serum is not enough for me
i didn't see any results
did not irritate my eyes
i really hoped this would live up to hype
this did not work for me
honestly it did not work at all
i would not recommend it.
didn't see any benefits
did not see a difference
which is why they say it can be a makeup primer
didn't make any difference at all
why because i didn't use profanity or anything in that nature
this product just didn't seem to have any effect
'll give it credit for texture
i can't really report any results
i do like that it doesn't irritate my skin
i can't say i see any difference in my eye area
i love that it doesn't break me out
this product did not do anything for me.
this product may do some of what it is supposed to
it doesn't work for me.
i didn't see any change.
nothing to write home about
i didn't have a bad reaction or anything like that
i would wait for it to clear up
don't waste your money.
you can get that from any other
it didn't do anything for me in regards to dark circles or fine lines
this did nothing for me.
i didn't think it did anything special.
don't waste your money
it did absolutely nothing to me
if you want to see if this would work for you
i didn't see a difference at all
or at least i don't see any difference
i don't find that my eyes feel any more firm or any more bright
it honestly did nothing for my dark circles
still didn't see much of a difference
it didn't at all
it seems like it did
you can do better!
the reason why i would not buy this again: it stings a little
i don't know if i can attri
i don't see a big difference
i don't think this does anything for that
i agree with almost every other reviewer that this crime does half the job
it was okay, nothing wrong with it.
didn't work for me, a waste of money.
thought i would like this
this brightener didn't do anything for me.
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone
if anything my fine lines look worse
it's not going to make dark circles go away
i don't know why this is
unfortunately the product did not work for me.
it doesn't do anything to my light-dark circles
i don't think it actually does anything
i think this might work for women who just simply want to have an eye moisturizer
it did not do anything for my eye's wrinkles.
it doesn't make them disappear completely
thought i would try something new
maybe i just have health issues i don't know about or my bad diet
didn't see much of a difference
see if it would start woking its magic
it doesn't do anything else that i can see
it doesn't break me out like others have
products don't seem to stay on over it
doesn't sing if you happen to get a little in your eyes while working it in
the only thing i don't like is that it doesn't seem to really seep in
for me this product didn't work
decided to give it a try
it did not work for me
i do not use it close to my nose
i wanted to give the product another chance
after using it for a few weeks it just didn't do anything for me at all
maybe if you have cracks in your h
didn't find much change
this product does nothing for it on either my face or h
it doesn't do anything spectacular for me
this product did not work for me
didn't do anything for my puffy eyes whatsoever even though i applied religiously for weeks
i could never use this because it does not absorb
why did dior change it?
don't know why they didn't stick with a good thing
unfortunately not this time definitely not satisfied
which hurt like heck
for aging skin it just doesn't have what it takes
i would not give this product to my worst enemy.
do not buy this product unless you want wrinkles
did absolutely nothing about fine lines
don't waste your money on this.
i think the formula bothers my skin
this didn't do anything for me
i need to give full 4 weeks to see if there if difference
don't use this product if you have sensitive skin
which this didn't seem to help
but don't buy it if you have sensitive eyes!
i think it just is a bust or my skin isn't mature enough to get benefits
definitely doesn't do any miracles
i definitely don't think it has helped
believe me i've tried them all
it doesn't absorb all the way.
i can't say it doesn't work for others?
this particular product just did not work for me
it just didn't work for me
i like how it feels when i apply it
i am not happy about what happens next
it would definitely not be my go to
i would not recommend this at all
if you're going to get this product
don't waste your money on a moisturizer that really is nothing special
thought i'd try this mask
which i didn't like much
as i've continued to use it i don't think it's really anything special
i didn't do anything for me
i didn't try anything new except this product
this product did absolutely nothing to hydrate my skin overnight nor did i have any kind of "glow" from it the next day
i rarely breakout from products it wasn't big or anything
every time i would use this product i would see small whit pimples at least 3 on my face
doesn't do anything special
don't think i would buy another one after using this up
did not work for me
when i go anywhere
i felt like it didn't really do anything at all
both of us just felt like we didn't do anything at all
i didn't really notice a big difference of when i use it vs when i don't
it didn't do anything
the only thing i didn't like is that it caused breakouts
i did not like this product at all!
t didn't work for me
not going to use again
i did not like this product i would prefer the sake balm mosturizer
if i could go back
i really did not like this product
overall, i do not recommend it.
i would not recommend.
i would look for a product you can use all over your face
i couldn't take it anymore
so bad i can't stand to wear it.
i also don't think it goes away quickly
i wanted something with more spf
it doesn't seem to... do anything?
it did not seem to absorb well
30 it is just not enough for me
this is nothing like them
'll go back to other moisturizers before i buy this again
i would not recommend!
this one just didn't do it for me
perhaps if you don't have dry skin this product is for you
if you do have dry skin i wouldn't go with this one
did not like the feeling on my face at all
my skin just doesn't like this one at all
i cannot emphasize how bad my break out was.
needless to say i will not purchase anything from this br
i think i could find something better for the price
didn't feel like it helped me that much for what it says it does
i can't get rid of them
it didn't really do much of anything
first i tried it only on my t-zone to make sure i wouldn't have a reaction
you'll be fine to try this
basically does nothing for me
i think it doesn't work even better than my lotion
the product didn't do much for me, sadly.
not notacable at all when it gets on your face
i do love the nars make up that i have tried so far
move on to something else
i don't normally write reviews
try this for sure.
you if notice the same thing i did be mindful that it may not be for you
figured it was this that was giving me these zits all over my face:
you'll never use all of it because you don't need very much
or you can screw it on to where you think it's completely closed
it just didn't do anything for my skin
i don't know if that is a coincidence or not
maybe i can update my review
i hate when companies ruin a good product by trying to make it smell nice
i couldn't return the product any longer
when i just couldn't decide if i should buy this product or not
it does not give your skin any trouble
it does not do anything else visibly beneficial to my skin
it does nothing else
am unsure what this is doing for me
i got this thinking i could 'boost' my oil
which i didn't care for
it does not do well with foundation
i usually like to buy things i've had samples of to make sure i don't spend money on something i don't like
i think there is something in the plantscriptions line that can be irritating because had a prob with their serum
it didn't do anything for me
i've bought this a few times because i love that it doesn't give my face a shiny effect
i do not have bad skin issues
i think it did not do anything for my skin.
i really didn't notice anything beneficial after use
unfortunately, this product did not work for me.
didn't find it was anything all that special
this one doesn't ever seem to really sink in
i just don't like how it feels
if that's something you don't like then this probably isn't for you
i usually never write reviews
i can't even tell i have it on.
it does everything it promises
when i applied this it did not make a difference
it didn't really do anything
i continue to use it on my t zone
i would say it was just ok.
it does not control oil :/
this is not going to help :/
i don't think i'd buy this again.
it does not remove make-up at all
i don't wear that much make-up
it does go a long way, though.
it didn't make me break out
turns out i did not like it.
i think i'll give something else a try
i don't feel like it does a good job washing off make-up
i think it is meant for those people that don't wear make-up
did not irritate at all
even if there's still product left
i'll use it up, but won't order again.
doesn't last very long either.
its ok, nothing special
it does not clean well
just not this one
i don't think so
not only did my face feel like it's not really clean
don't know if i would buy again
too expensive for what you get
i hate that i'm gonna have to return this
it did not work for me at all
don't waste your money!
i would only reccomend this to someone who has oily skin
can't say much there
doesn't seem to make a difference to my face
maybe you didn't shake it enough.
i don't know if this product has results
my god would i not want someone to be close enough to smell me
really can't give a thorough opinion yet
i didn't feel like it absorbed that well
i dont see any difference in my skin what so ever
it just wasn't right for me
my skin did look good the next morning*
which does not happen very fast
it didn't do anything in particular to my skin
this just didn't work for me
it did not fade
just couldn't get past it
this cream didn't help the fine lines or anything
i couldn't see of feel any difference.
didn't give it a long enough chance to see if my under eye wrinkles would disappear
i don't usually break out
i feel that it does nothing for wrinkles or fine line
if you want it for fine line issue then i feel its not for you
i do like the packaging on the other product as you can put it in your purse to go
a little does go a long way
i don't use this for day
i do like the bottle
if you wanted it just for night it's very nice
it does not absorb quickly
i don't know b/c there were no specific instructions on product if i was applying it correctly
not sure if i was supposed to
don't think it's doing anything
"glow" can mean a lot of things, people!
i did not get to see any benefits because of this
that's exactly what your face will smell like if you use this cream
would be nice to know what to expect.
i probably won't ever use it up
like everyone else on here
i couldn't say it did anything for me.
what i could not stand was the smell.
that's when i realized what i'd just put on.
if you're going to try it
i will also add that i didn't care for the smell
i didn't find it any better either
its not a feeling i want to have all day
definitely sample before you buy if you're just dying to try
i really can't say that it has done anything for my skin
i can't say that my opinion will change
couldn't keep using it
i didn't see any results after using an entire bottle of this
she told me i wouldn't get any with this
it did exactly what it was supposed to.
this did not do anything to improve my skin's condition
i do not recommend and will never buy again.
i will be returning it b/c i can't justify spending that kind of money on something with little results
i do wish it had some spf in it.
sadly i think that's the only boost you will get from it
does not seem like a gel to me
i also don't think it improved my skin or gave me any type of energy
do need to watch what i put on the more oily parts of my face
it makes me sad i can't even use the rest of it
honestly this eye cream is not a miss
this didn't live up to all the hype for me
i wanted to make sure it was the primer
it didn't fill my needs
couldn't tell if i loved it or not
it didn't do too much for pores
it didn't do anything regarding pore size or have any antiaging effects for me
this primer just didn't work for me.
couldn't wait to get this
did absolutely nothing for me.
makes anything you put over it look nicer
no matter how i applied it
this is the first time i can absolutely say i don't like a product
unfortunately it did not a thing for me
i would not recommend at all
did not see changes in that either
which is what normally happens
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone
at least i think there's still a lot left--there's no way to know
not sure what happened
this did not agree with my skin at all
i recommend that if you can't commit to every day use for the long term
a little does not go a long way
i did not expect it to work on my deep wrinkles.
i even started breaking out more which you would not think would happen with retinol
it did nothing for me.
used 2 bottles did nothing for me.
does not seem to do much at the same time
didn't see the results
it didn't do anything for my fine lines
now i know why.
it didn't work for me
maybe my skin type is not meant for this product.
i wouldn't consider it to be sensitive
didn't feel any change
this, however, i do not like at all.
cannot even make myself use it any further
i did not see the amazing
it didn't break me out or anything either
i don't find it to be anything spectacular
i guess i'm keeping it
now i cannot find a thing
thought maybe i put too much on
i think this product isn't for someone who has overly sensitive skin like i do
the product does what it should
i can't describe it as anything else
it didn't really do anything
it didn't really help me
wasn't sure if i was having a reaction
i can't figure out why
i am not sure why
i really do not underst
it wouldn't go away
this didn't do much for me
did nothing for my skin
did not apply it there
just not for me
i honestly just hate the smell so bad that it's keeping me from using it again
johnson product which means paying $45 for something you can probably get at the drugstore for $10
i think i could find something better
which i did not expect
did not work for me.
what i do enjoy about the product is that it is:a
it did not do anything with my acne accept leaving my face oily
i didn't do anything on my face.
u dont need a lot of drops
and if you have a headache, forget it.
mind you i only used 1-2 drops.
it was a no go for me :/
i am not sure if it was from this?
not sure if it was just my skin
i don't see or feel a difference
do not use this product if you have sensitive skin
thought i would give this a try
i guess if you dont mind the shiny look its good.
why would you have a suncreen product in a clear jar?
i would only recommend the small jar as i would be so mad if i had bought the big jar
that's what we called it, "that fish stuff"!
i definitely don't like it as much
do not recommend this product at all.
why my face is so shiny now
it didn't really do anything.
i will definitely try this again
didn't make me break out
i guess will have to look for something else to try
do you want to look like a geisha?
or do you want to look like you just applied some kabuki makeup on your face?
thats what this product will do to your face
i don't know if its the spf thing in this product that causes this
whenever i apply it
which is great if you use any other perricone products you know what i'm talking about
t's neither good or bad
i would advise you to stay away from this product
will definitely not recommend it to anyone else
i didn't like it
please bring this back.
that just isn't realistic when trying to get ready in the morning
i did really like using it on my neck though.
this did not make me break out
i know everyone's skin is different
i just couldn't make this work for mine because it was just too heavy
no matter how lightly i applied this
i don't feel this way.
i never break out, however, when i use this i do.
most products don't bother me
am not sure why this one does
that's how i know it is this product
i didn't have any sort of bad reaction to it
i didn't notice anything special
it didn't feel like it did anything special to texture
make up did not go on well
did not cause acne for me nor did it make my skin look much younger
not sure what the fuss is all about
didn't do any miracles for my skin.
if you want to buy something
feel how it works on you
there is no way to know it worth or not
i do still get a few here
at this price point i'll try something else.
not only did it not work
it definitely didn't work for me
i would have loved to keep using this miracle serum except it then started to make me break out pretty bad
did nothing at all
i didn't find this to be anything special.
it may work well but it's not good for my skin.
i break out horribly which just shouldn't happen.
for anti-aging it just did not work for me
at $60 a tube i won't chance it again
the product didn't do anything for me
it might do something for someone else
this easy-break packaging did not leave my vanity
imagine trying to travel with it
you could get yourself a real treat for the same price
no, nothing at all.
you might see a night
correct this i think its time i do something more invasive
unfortunately i won't be using it again
it just didn't agree with my skin
i couldn't put up with using this any longer
it did nothing for my skin
will say the same thing
it does not absorb very well either
can't remember the name of it
it felt like i just couldn't get it off my skin
this did not work for me
definitely not worth it for me.
i really didn't feel the effects of this one
way too expensive for what you get.
i don't need a lot of resurfacing
i don't think i will be able to again
i don't have sensitive skin or anything
it didn't do anything
i don't know if that's how the samples are or if i got a dud
which i'm not sure is from the mask or something else
it certainly did not help or improve anything
it just didn't do it for me
other that that i can't see myself giving it another chance
don't let my review discourage you like i said it's me
just what you would expect after using a mask
i did not find it irritating
sadly it didn't do anything for my skin
don't really know whether i like or not because i never use mask or cleansing products on my face
does what it says it should do
when you have it on for 15-20 minutes you feel it tighten your face
i didn't realize how small the jar was when i ordered it
i really didn't see a difference in skin
i didn't really see much difference when used as a mask for my skin
i didn't find it effective.
but it didn't do anything positive for my skin.
wow are you paying for it
it didn't do anything for my acne
i didn't even really want that though.
that's not what i got
you do have to try to get a thick layer on or it doesn't really do much
it didn't really have that glow that i can get with almost any other mask
i don't know what all the hype is about.
will i try it again?
not sure what the hype is all about
it doesn't really do much for me
i can't really move my skin which is something no one else ever mentioned in their reviews
it didn't give me any glow
i didn't feel any cleaner
it just isn't something you want to smell all day
i would advise people to skip it
this just didn't work for me
would not recommend using this with your clarisonic
not what i'd expect for "dry
the ingredients don't seem to read that way
i would not recommend this product
i dont want to have to do that with an 80 $ face cleanser it wastes more then id like
i don't know if it's because of the texture of the product or something else
am thinking i will throw the rest of it away because i don't want to make my skin worse
which i did not like
it worked fine but i couldn't stand the scent.
i didn't see a big difference.
it did absolutely nothing for my skin
t did not leave my skin nice
let me tell you it is not worth it
this is the first time i feel compelled to write a review for a product
or something like that
truly if you use the $40 bottle twice a day
i didn't want to be that person that uses most of a product
i would never recommend this
i did not find this helpful
it didn't really do much else
i read on other reviews that 1 pump is enough to cover your whole face
i didn't find that this really did anything beneficial for my skin
first of all let me say i ordered the wrong product
i figured i might as well try this out though.
make me break out it just dont work like they say it is
i couldn't believe it
you can feel the difference in your skin right after
to me this feels like you pay 3/4 for the name
m unsure if i want to keep this
nothing about this tells me i need to buy it again
but it does not treat it.
if you can get past the smell this product is only alright
don't get the hype, it doesn't do anything.
i just put it on and i cannot believe the smell.
i can't get past it
i mean this is on my face
it did nothing except making it more dry
let me start by saying that whenever i read a review
i definitely cannot use this before going to bed
nothing else about it worked
i can't tell you if it works or not as i scrubbed every last drop of this serum from my face right after i put it on
i did not notice anything really
i can't tell you how well this worked because i had to wipe it off as soon as i put it on
ntense that i can't leave it on
so whenever i put this on i felt like it's something old people use :-/anyway
my skin does not feel different whatsoever.
i can't wear that to work
probably wouldn't buy it anyway
not something i want on my face.
if this is any indication of the rest of the line then i won't be checking it out tata harper any further
cannot tell you if it works because it smells so bad
i could not shake it
i am better off not using anything at all.
i couldn't get it off my face quick enough
that i don't want anyone to waste their money on it
nothing to write home about
i noticed that somedays it didn't seem to work as well
especially if you maybe went out the night befote
not sure if this does anything.
i would apply it beforeh
it did nothing for me.
does not do what it advertises
won't buy it again because it does not work
not sure if i am seeing a difference with this product or not
i get too much on
refreshing when you apply it
you will need to apply something else on top
this might work for you
i didn't see much of a difference
don't waste your money.
i would not recommend this product to anyone
it didn't actually do anything
maybe she was smart and didn't try very hard.
i didnt do miracles for me
don't waste your money
i hate how people have the tendancy to miss-name there under eye conditions
it is not going to work
still did not work to depuff
it also didn't do anything astounding to justify the price
it did absolutely nothing for my dark circles though
i do not know if it makes any difference with puffiness
i don't think so.
i don't like it either
i will probably send back.
this product does exacly what its suppose to do
i should just stick to what i know
wondering why i had sparkle on my so call clean face
this is going back for sure.
i wouldn't recommend this product.
i'll give it another try
it doesn't make me break out
can't say either way whether i noticed a difference in my skin
that's not to say that it doesn't work well
tried it didn't like it.
not the right product for me
i really don't like this product
i like how it has an spf
the moisturizer wouldn't fully sink in no matter how much or how little i use
it didn't work for me at all
that did not happen
not sure about the hype.
i really can't tell any difference.
it does nothing else
nice but didn't do anything too noticeable.
did not like this product.
either my skin doesn't like oil period or i just didn't pick the right one
i really wanted to stick it out
see if my skin would just get used it
this oil did nothing for me in the way of anti-aging
you can find cheaper products that will do what they claim to do
i will say that it doesnt just sit on the skin
i don't know why i never break out when i use products on my face
i do like how this felt on my face i couldn't believe how i could have oil on my face with out having a feeling there is oil on my face
see how it turns out
i think it did cause me to breakout quite a bit which never really happens to me
this product did not work well for me- i did not see a difference over a period of time
i hope it works for you.
i find as though the product does nothing.
it didn't work at all
i would not recommend ppl who are still young
i couldn't find out why until i stopped using this
this product did nothing to help with the texture
i expect it to work.
this product really did nothing special to my skin
thought this product will do something
this product did nothing for me.
it did not let up for weeks
bought it for the hype - did not work for me.
don't see much difference.
my skin did not react to this well.
unfortunately it didn't work for me
unfortunately it did nothing for me
which would be fine if it did amazing things
did almost nothing for my skin.
didn't want to have to pay this regularly if i didn't have to
although it doesn't look like it in the mirror
i don't think it's doing anything skin care wise
didn't see any of the results i was hoping for
it also didn't seem to do anything
it might be an ok product
i decided to use it since i dont want to have wrinkles
doesn't really do anything for my skin
i don't know if i'd pay $85 for it again
i don't see any difference with my skin of how my makeup looks after i use it
honestly i have no complains about it
i don't know if this specifically was causing the black heads
i don't think i'll be using this as regularly anymore as i believe it was clogging my pores
it didn't do anything to help my pores tighten or conceal them
it would drive me crazy
i realized that this did nothing.
it does not do anything to shrink down pores over time
i figured i would try this out
when you apply it
it did not break me out though
i feel like there's no difference in my skin
i dont even want to use it anymore
i still dont like it
i dont understand how people like this..
this one didn't work for me
didn't like what it did for my skin.
this didn't work for me.
doesn't really work as a mask
i did not like this one
you don't need much at all
i notice no difference but use it anyway.
i figured i would give this serum a try given the good reviews
unfortunately this did not work for me
i cannot use it at all
will pass this product to someone else.
it really doesn't do anything.
i don't need it for that
i honestly can't tell if this has done anything for my dark circles
needless to say this is a no for me
it goes on nicely but didn't do much for me.
it did not work for me at all
this one didn't quite do everything it claims
i can't really say this did anything special
i doubt i'd ever purchase as i don't think it's worth that kind of money
i cannot honestly say that i have noticed any big improvements
if i could give this no stars, i would.
it didn't work on me.
i can do much better than $60 for a primer
i do think it works
i would give it a thumbs up just dont be lazy on your skin care maybe thats why results are not great
i don't know why
now i don't expect any creams to get rid of them 100%
what's the point if it doesn't make my fine lines appear less obvious?
wouldnt repurchase it nor recommend it to someone with dry eyes like myself
for the price i'd rather try something else.
it didn't make it worse or irritate it
i don't usually write reviews
that's seriously all you need.
my money somewhere else
whatever is in this
i really do like how clean this makes my skin feel
i hate it when manufacturers take a good thing
don't really work on me
i did not like this cream at all.
i just couldn't do it anymore
i wanted it as a moisturizer because i cannot find one that doesn't feel gross on my skin
this product turn bad on me
don't waste your money on this.
i let it sit for a while to see if it would absorb in
i don't get it.
i can't describe it exactly
i suggest getting a sample if you're interested to make sure it's not too strong for you
it doesn't agree with my skin
luckily it was only a sample since this product doesn't agree with my skin
i don't like how it goes on.
if i do finish this bottle
this did not irritate it at all
would not recommend this.
don't even bother using it for make-up removal as it won't do the job
not sure if it's just me
or you can be like me
it didnt really do anything either
this absolutely does not clean your face at all.
not a product that does anything
not a good reason for me to order.
i can't say it was this for sure
this is not what you should go towards
want to make sure everything is clean
this simply does not remove well at all
you'll go to sleep thinking you got absolutely every trace of makeup
this is a miss for me.
it didn't make me break out
i do not get it with this product
to a level where it can't be good for your skin
it did not remove my make up at all.
it doesn't do much of a job unless you apply several times
it did do a really good job removing my concealer except for how much product i had to use
picture shows a pump which i didn't get.
either my eyes or the formula; not sure which.
i highly recommend if you don't have super sensitive skin though
f that's what you want to use it for
i did not like this product at all!
it absolutely did not work on my skin
i definitely won't be using it anymore.
it definitely doesn't remove it all
it does well on my face
i see this working for someone who doesn't use much makeup
this doesn't automatically make this a bad product
f you've ever had a problem with anything like that this product isn't for you
unfortunately it didn't work for me.
don't know exactly how to describe it
it does nothing for my eye make up
i think if you have the money
want to try this mask
if you're hesitating because of the price
please check out the other
i couldn't stand having it on my face.
that i didn't feel that the mask was doing much to my skin
i will prob continue to use this every so often
about what you'd expect from a much less expensive mask
don't waste your money
not really what i wanted for the price.
sadly didn't do "enough" for the cost
i don't know if i just got a bad one
the smell just makes me want to through do not recommend
even if i just use a little bit
decided it wasn't for me
i recommend getting a sample before you waste your money
i feel like it does not absorb well
my only gripe is i wish it did more than just moisture
would not recommend to anyone.
i would not recommend this product to anyone regardless of their skin type
this film did not go away
i'd say if you have extremely dry skin to buy something else
i don't really think there is anything special about this
which i don't mind
something that i don't like about it is that i think it broke me out
don't waste your money
i wouldn't even finish the bottle because this product did not like my skin
i love how this cream makes my under eyes look when i put it on
i did not use the product long enough
it does absolutely nothing for my eyes!
will be trying something else!
which this did nothing for
though it is not a bad product i would not recommend it to anyone
i don't see one at all
i don't think its fair of me to really rate this product
i'd recommend you try before you buy
it does not work at all.
i don't think it helps with under eye darkness neither
would probably repurchase this one if i don't find anything better
is ok if you have combine skin type or maybe oil skin type
couldn't really returned it if i wanted to
it just doesn't work anymore?
it did not helped
i really want to return the items
i just feel like it doesn't work at all
this just doesn't do it
i guess i will still have to wait
i didn't know what was causing it
someone comments about the smell i think they're just complaining
this just was not for me
don't see a need of buying this again when i can get comparable moisturizers with spf 30 or more
i don't like this line
the product did not work well for me
if you look at the ingredients
a little does go a long way
so at least you get your money's worth in that sense
doesn't do much else on its own
this was not for me.
unfortunately it didn't do anything amazing for my skin
i just don't feel it does anyrhing for my skin
it didn't cause me to break out either.
maybe it helps some people
didn't work at all for me
it just didn't work for me
i feel like i need to go wash it off.
i read all these reviews that say "good for oily skin"--- absolutely not
i really do wish i could use it
didn't like the consistency
but it doesn't do much else either.
please do not apply to your face
i just dont think its for me.
00 on something else for sure
don't know if it's just me
i would definitely consider giving it another go
does the job okay
s let alone my face
it did nothing for my skin.
i don't know why i am so different than everyone else
don't give up hope!
then when i read the reviews i was scared to get it bc of how everyone was saying how badly it stung when put on your face
don't know if it works yet
it didn't seem to work very well
i don't know if it's worth it yet
this didn't really help with that.
hopefully we'll bc it really hurts
this didn't do anything for me except break me out even more
i do not recommend.
it sure do itch
it did not work for me.
for me it just didn't quite make the difference i was hoping for
it doesn't perform like it says it will
i am going to do that
kind of dirty--all things that i could live with if the product did what it claimed
even if you've let it sit for a while
i don't think i've ever had a product that was so clearly at fault
sorry, i can only blame this!
someone else can buy this for you
if you buy this for yourself
you will feel obligated to use it every night
don't think i would purchase this for myself
this is not for me.
see how that works for me
i wouldn't want to put that on my face every day.
i just don't see what is unique or great about this cleanser not to mention why anyone would pay the premium for the low quality ingredients
just did not like the consistency
let's get it out of the way that this is nothing so special that will justify such a price tag
f you are sensitive to that you may breakout
i plan on using up what i did
this product did not do much for my skin.
did not see any results
because it is way to expensive for what it does for my skin
i found that this product did absolutely nothing for me
i just don't feel as good about it
i wish they would sub something else like coconut oil or anything cruelty free
did not feel clean at all.
don't see how others enjoy this product.
i just think it's more of a missed opportunity than anything else
in case anyone is wondering
if you care about the environment
since using it more often i don't think it really works
i like using this
the one thing it is suppose to do it doesn't
i would not recommend this mask to anyone
if you are really sensitive about smellsdon't buy it
because of the how it smell i decide to not use it
to add to that you have to leave it on your face for like 3 minutes
i like this for what it is.
a little does go a long way
i think i would like it otherwise
i can't get beyond this
this would work wonders for you
just not for me
it is my first time to write a bad review
not sure what to say about it.
felt this didn't do much for me
this product is probably not for you
maybe i was expecting too much of it
it doesn't really help my skin to improve
this did not do anything for my skin
i don't think i would ever spend up to $20 on a morning cleanser like this
now i don't like it.
i think there is something wrong with the pump
i don't think the product was right for my skin type
i also don't think it is a quality product
don't get me wrong
unless you have some genuine 'damage' to undo
it doesn't matter though
i don't know about this stuff.
i really didn't see or feel much of a difference in my skin
i feel that i must let everyone know that the packaging of the product is extremely wasteful
the pump couldn't get it out
i definitely don't recommend this product to anyone
that did not help either
do i need to say more?
which i don't believe an eye cream can fix
anything that's going to make my eyes look worse is not going to be used again
i did not find that it stung.
i don't think i will buy it again.
did not fit the bill
all you wanted was some spf then go for this
if you want anti aging
don't waste your money
i can't put anything on top.
i wouldn't recommend this product.
couldn't find any way to make it work
i feel like i've used too much of it to return
it did absolutely nothing for me
don't think i'll be repurchasing this again mainly because i want something that absorbs quicker
i will continue to use what's left
i didn't get a chance to see if it worked since it caused such a bad allergic reaction
it doesn't do anything for dark spots
it simply does not do what it is advertised to do
it just did nothing at all
not only did i not see a difference
it didn't do anything for my skin
just to let everybody know
it didn't work for me.
i don't think i'll be able to get rid of those spots without ipl or something
i don't believe this corrector is capable of doing what lancome says it can do
this particular product did nothing for me
i decided to get this product
i obviously can't wear this out
do not waste your money on this
tried it again to make sure it was this product to blame
the dream tone not only doesn't seem to do anything
what they do for the skin
see how it would work for me
i am usually not sensitive to anything.
i could not return it
you can't see through the bottle
don't know how much was left
it did not correct any dark spots
it did absolutely nothing for my dark spots.
nor did it seem to do anything else at all.
i notice when i use this
i don't think its worth the $ 100.00 though.
another i can't remember
i've tried other products that also didn't do anything
i can't tell how much product is actually left because of this
can't really tell a difference once it's applied to skin though
which i do not usually get
i would recommend that you do the same
f it works for you know that even at $110 a bottle
it will probably last you forever
i figured i would try it anyways
i guess i'm the only one that thinks this product doesn't do anything
i don't get it.
didn't help the little acne i have i couldn't tell about fine lines or anything like that since i don't have any yet
i don't like the consistency
i don't know what to add.
unfortunately i did not like this product.
i guess it's a good thing that it does not wash off easily
my skin didn't look any better after using it
i did not see any difference in my skin.
i don't tolerate retinols well
it didn't do what it claimed to do.
since you put it on at night you really don't notice it
i don't like it
i actually prefer it to this one
wasn't too sure what i would think of this product
i really do like it
i would have to wash my face twice as it just did not feel or look clean
i guess this is what i get for trying out new things lol
it doesn't even qualify as a "mask" that you'd leave on for 10 minutes
you can just as easily read the ingredients
t didn't do much on me
this mask every single time i would use it i would get a pimple every time
which i don't have anymore
i don't reccommend this product if you have super dry skin because it's really not working for me
probably going to stick to what i have.
unfortunately for me it wasnt
the exact same thing happened
it didn't break me out
can do the same thing if not better
you can do better, though.
i found this did nothing for me.
i did not see or feel any difference especially in regards to hydration
my overall opinion is that it didn't really do much
at least for me i didn't notice a change at all in my skin
or irritated enough to appreciate whatever virtues this mask might have
whatever that is supposed to be
t seems like this mask would be a good fit for me
this mask does absolutely nothing
if you're looking into this
this did nothing for my skin.
i didn't really notice anything different
don't expect any results after using it
i don't get this mask
it doesn't seem to do anything
i don't think i will buy again
i don't think the cucumber gel is really anything special
i don't get it.
i decided to give this a try
it didn't really do that much
i didn't really feel like this product did anything
probably just not right for my skin type
i also thought i would be able to get used to the fact that it didn't leave my skin feeling squeaky clean
i don't see any difference in my skin with this
i think it is just okay.
however i'm not sure if it's really doing anything other than satisfying my nose
it really did not do much for me.
sorry to say i did have to return it.
i like sephora's return policy because there's no risk on an expensive product if it doesn't work out
i don't like it on my face
do not be fooled!
does't mean that it really is meant for sensitive skin
doesn't break me out
it didn't seem to absorb at all.
my makeup did not go well over it
it didn't make me break out at all
it just didn't help
i couldn't wait to try this.
i won't be getting this again
it doesn't feel like it really does anything.
i really did like it
a lot of the product is wasted because you can't get it out
disappointed it didn't work for me in the long run
i really like this and use it on my face only.
i think i can find another face product for me less
go for it you will probably really like it
but it didn't work for me.
or something in the product my skin didn't like
i just couldn't use it
cannot comment on how it works
however, i just didn't get the purpose of it.
i tend to break out every time i try it on
it doesn't do it
really didn't see any difference between this
i can't really tell a difference
try something else on my face
didn't do any damage or break me out
make sure to do sniff test before buying
i am here to report that it does nothing
does nothing at all for my skin.
if it didn't break me out it would be an amazing product
you definitely don't need to spend 80$ on this
it really did nothing on my face
i guess i'm in the minority here
i can't imagine how someone with dry skin would like this
i don't think it does anything for me at all
i also didn't see any great results.
i wouldn't consider myself as having sensitive skin
i couldn't figure out why i was getting little pimples on my face
did not do anything for my fine lines
really pressured me to try it
if i did not live so far from a sephora i would return it
i don't usually write reviews
i would not recommend it to anyone with similar skin as myself
not only did it not work
you don't know your low until it's gone because there's no way to see inside
i should have stuck with my instincts that this was not maybe the best "moisturizer" for me when the rep said they suggest not just 1 serum before application
do not waste your money if you have sensitive skin
good thing i didn't listen
i couldn't even believe it!
i do not feel using this everyday is good for my skin
i still cant tell if it works.
i tried to figure out if it was something i ate or what
i do not recommend this product to anyone.
i won't be using this again.
however i couldnt get over the smell
not what i want to wash my face with every day
i don't know why.
i don't know if the product was old
you don't have to use much
i wonder if anyone has experienced this.
i highly do not recommend this fo oily people even though it is intended for oily people
this product did not help me whatsoever in clearing any of my problems
couldn't do it anymore
no way something good for your face would smell like that
i would give it 5 stars
it doesn't last that long
it did not brake me out which is a great.
i would say this is too rich
this just didn't work for me
it also doesn't have any spf.
it says it will give you free blemishes
what does that tell you?
i couldn't figure out what it was
it did absolutely nothing for my skin
this didn't perform for me.
at this price point i want something that i can use day
i cannot imagine using this under foundation
i suggest you read the list
consider yourself warned about what to expect
but lets get real.
if it didn't give such good results the awkward container alone would be enough to say no
i don't know how i'm going to fit it in my luggage when i travel
not bad at all once you get used to it
the good thing is that is does not cause breakouts
however i do not notice anything different
it doesn't bother me much
you know that's how skincare products get you
it did not happen
did absolutely nothing for my crows feet
does it do everything it says?
it makes me wonder
it's a shame because we all want nice stuff
we buy it hoping it's gonna be all that
which i do not have
i do not see any difference
i really do not see any difference
i dont have fine lines
did absolutely nothing for my crows feet
it looked like i hadn't used anything
i can't tell a difference in my eyes
i honestly can't believe how this product would get more than 1 star
i don't see it making a difference
t does not sink in quickly
i cannot tell you if it solves any problem areas
as much as i hate leaving a negative review i think that if i would have read my comment i wouldn't have purchased this product
it did absolutely nothing for my dark circles
unfortunately this cream didn't do anything for me at all
i guess it just didn't work for my skin
the reason that i gave it one star is because it makes me cry
no matter how careful i try to be
just not sure it's doing anything
i can still see them unfortunately
i just don't see that it truly helps with diminishing fine lines
see if that does the trick
not sure if it works
thought what the heck
no cream that ive tried so far has done anything to help
this did absolutely nothing for me.
i can tell you i see zero change in my "lines"
i just couldn't rationalize spending it if the product didn't do what i needed it to
so every time you use it you have to pull out the nugget before putting on your eyes
it does not seem to do much for my dark circles
i didn't like that .
does not fix anything
telling me it'll control
it doesn't last long
while this didn't cause me to break out it didn't do much else either
i guess it does its job
it definitely not worth $60 or whatever
returning it to find something else.
this cream was sure to do the trick.... wrong.
it hasn't done anything special.
the actual product does not resemble the sample so do not let that fool you
it didn't make me break out or anything
i don't want to buy one every month.
not something i want on my face.
i don't know if this is because it contains alcohol inside the product
unfortunately it didn't work for me
don't know why it is drying up every day
does nothing as promised
i didn't care for this product.
might work better for you if you don't have an allergic reaction to it
nope, not going to keep doing that.
just some sort of film that wasn't really going away
i decided to try this product
but this one just didn't give me what i wanted.
it just didn't work for me
i felt like it wasn't any different from something you could get at the drug store
i don't see much of a difference with my skin
i don't recommend it
how little you need to wash your whole face
don't count on it alone
i don't recommend it if you are expecting it to remove all of your makeup
that never happens with my purity.
thought i'd give this one a try
i don't really have problems with that in use
thought i should give it a go
it doesn't do a good job at removing make up
definitely don't recommend if you have sensitive eyes
it didn't work me.
i know it is winter time
so that probably didn't help
it just didn't work on my skin.
it didn't seem to do anything.
ineffective that i can't recommend this to anyone
didn't have to waste my money
it just doesn't seem to do anything
cannot figure out for the life of me why anyone would ever use this
this honestly did not do anything for me.
i tried a few times to make sure it wasn't something else that was causing the irritation
it just didn't work out with this product
doesn't do much for my skin
i can tell you i wouldn't spend $28 for full-size
however i wanted something to just melt it all
nothing i can't just wipe away
i won't return it because i'm willing to use it up
i don't need my face breaking out more than it normally does
return this mask 3 time because i really wanted it to work
it just doesn't for me
maybe i'm not putting enough?
please stay away from this product
i would not recommend this at all for anyone who is acne prone
i would give this zero stars if i could.
i still can't decide if i like it or not
i don't really know if i like this.
i just feel like it does nothing
it doesn't do anything bad
it doesn't give me amazing results either
this doesn't do it for me
unsure how i feel about this.
i think there are way better sleeping facials that you can find at sephora
i would even give this product a minus if i can.
i don't find it does very much for my skin
i don't feel a difference though.
do not expect a mask
unfortunately i break out every time i use it
it did fix my problem after a few uses
easy to forget about before going to bed
not really something you'd need to use as a part of your routine
i do not know why
i mean the name says it all.
this creme did not work for me
it did not work for my combination skin type
please do not waste your money like i did!
didn't see any difference snd made my eyes water all day n all night
this literally didn't do anything
i can't say it works because i only used to 3 days
i just don't think this was worth it
i decided to try this out
i don't know if i'm the only one that has this problem
did nothing...never will purchase again.
when i started using something else
didn't do much for my very dark
i can't return it because it was too late!
i don't see that it does anything really.
don't recommend this to anyone.
not sure if that is why it doesn't work
it just doesn't work what it claims
which would be nice if i didn't have dark circles
this product doesn't do what it promises
how smooth it feels when you apply it
maybe i put too much?
if you're considering this
but it does't at all.
so far i do not see a difference
for the effects i did not get
while it does give you a certain glow
it doesn't do anything
the same thing would happen
'm careful how i use it
its not for me
don't waste your money
decided to give it a try
don't waste your money.
i do what i can to keep it that way
however it just didn't work
didn't like this product at all
it didn't do anything for me
nothing happens to my face.
i didn't really see any change in my skin
don't know how it works on wrinkles
was able to get 2 uses out of it which i don't think is enough time to see results as is intended
out to me as anything special
it did not change my life instantly i won't be running out to buy the full size
i don't know if they changed something?
so that's a big fail
this one did not work for me.
i did not like the textue
did nothing for me skin
many really like it, so maybe just my skin.
at my age i do not expect a miracle out of a jar
please do not waste your hard earned money for this one
i really do like this product
why do they need to add scent at all?
i can only say i didn't find anything special about this product
the smell that others refer to didn't really bother me
i probably won't be repurchasing because it does nothing extraordinary that a regular $40 face cream can't
i know it's not for me
although you do get a lot of product
it does not do anything to my skin
it just did not correct the issues i was looking to fix
you would think i would see some type of difference with a "genius" cream that costs $110
doesn't do anything dramatically exciting for me to go to this mask all the time
im just unsure if my skin is actually getting any benefits or results out of this
it doesn't do anything
i didn't really notice a difference though.
thought it would get everything out but didn't.
it doesn't do anything for my skin
did nothing for my skin.
but this product did nothing for my face.
if you happen to apply just a little bit too thick somewhere on your face
it'd be better if you can try it before paying for it
it doesn't work at all.
it gets nothing from your face
result: didn't see much change on my face
i read what it was supposed to do
but it doesn't help a lot.
i didn't notice results right away
but wow does it hurt when you pull it off!
what it did do was just make my face feel very tight
probably won't repurchase since i don't feel like it works super well on my skin
i can't say that it does either of those things for me
doesn't do anything for my skin.
when i first tried it- it did nothing for me.
i did see a little less break outs
i couldn't tell a difference with my pores
this product does not work for me.
can't comment on that
i don't hate it enough to return it
i hardly ever reach for it since it doesn't do anything for my skin anymore
this product didn't do anything
did not make me break out more
it didn't give me any amazing results.
i didn't really like the texture either.
so you have to sit there
don't feel as though it really pulls anything out
asked what mask they would recommend so they told me to get this one
it didn't feel any better than when i wash my face for the night
i did not find this product to do anything for me
didn't seem to do much for my skin.
i actually really like how this mask makes my face feel
i just wish that it wasn't so difficult to use
you need to use a lot or it will be impossible to peel off
i honestly think i could get maybe 4 uses out of this bottle
don't see any difference after 2 bottle.
this did not change my mind
i just don't want those ingredients sitting on my face for 20+ minutes
i honestly could not tell any difference in my skin
otherwise i wouldn't recommend it
this just did not work for me
this does what it's supposed to!
if you like it for the ingredients specifically then that's another story though :
just not worth it for me personally
just didn't work for me
it's like i didn't do anything at all.
this didn't do it for me
you can get washes that do the exact same for much
i blame my skin not the product.
to be honest it makes no difference for my breakout continues until i left vn for the us
i didn't get any real results personally
this did nothing for it
this is exactly what the woman told me to use
doesn't seem to do anything
i can't return it now
'll have to use it
i didn't get the result that i wanted/expected
i wanted to like this so much because it sounded just like what i needed in a sleeping mask
i cant return it anymore because sephora wont let me
i love peter mask so decided to give this one a go
it did nothing for me except make my skin soft
i don't believe i've ever written a review
it's going back although it did look like it would brighten
as the air pump will make you think that you ran out
if i could give this a zero, i would!
for me, not so much.
or anything at all when i used it
it does leave my face sticky which i imagine would really annoy some people
it seemed like exactly what i wanted.
you'll see a difference in days :
only complaint i have is that it does go bad fairly quick
smell is whatever it doesn't bother me.
doesn't do anything for lines
i won't be using it.
does not stay well on the skin
i really don't see any difference between this pads
did not seem to do anything.
don't really see much difference
for the price point i'd expect something amazing to happen
in the end i think your better off using something that isn't quite so expensive
t does feel like it is doing something
unfortunately the amount to me did not live up to the price
save your dollars until u want to really really splurge
here is what i see:1
as it doesn't make any difference for me2
didn't do anything for dark under the eyes5.
it didn't work at all
thought i'd try something new
i would definitely not recommend.
i can buy a cream that is not $100 that could do the same
if anyone else is in the bathroom i make them smell it too
it didn't do much for me
i wont order again.
thought i would give it a try
it really does nothing to your undereye area.
then i found it didn't really give me the hydration i was used to
it did absolutely nothing
don't waste your money.
this stuff does not work at all.
i feel like anything i put around my eyes should not make them sting
since i can't get past that problem i can't see any benefits from using it
so, for the price i couldn't see keeping it.
had the exact same thing happen
i cannot imagine paying the price for this product even if it didn't burn as it did
you only need a touch
it did not work.
it just didn't work for me
it doesn't change anything
didn't do much for my undereye lines
don't really know if this product works or not because as soon as i try to apply it
i could do without it
i don't know what the issue is here.
i did not see or feel any changes on my face
it didn't help my face look
this product just didn't do anything on my face.
it didn't really go away for a long time
this just won't do
definitely did not feel or see the effect of the promised 'deep hydration
i can hear my pores clogging as i write this.
however for the price you don't get much
i feel it's really worth it cause i can see the improvements everyday
i didn't want to use any cream on
maybe not for others so before you make a purchase remember get the sample
it didn't seem to absorb well
unfortunately, this did not absorb for me at all.
this does absolutely nothing!
all it does is sit on my skin
which doesn't particularly bother me
if you're thinking in buying this product after trying a sample
the fact is the sample doesn't have anything with the real product
all it did was make my h
it didn't really do anything extra or special to my skin
didn't seem to absorb well
maybe i just applied too much product
it didn't seem to have much of an effect either.
but for me, not so much.
you don't get a lot for the price
does not spread easily
it didn't cause any trouble nor did it improve my skin
disappointed in this product didn't do anything for me at all
i don't feel like it does anything beneficial
it was so weird no matter how much i rubbed it wouldn't run in
didn't like it at and i wanted to like it.
didn't like it enough to try it again
this does feel light
it makes my break out everytime i use it :
my skin won't take it
did not like this.
wish i could say something better!
i don't really get a lot of results from this.
you'd think it'd be fair to assume the product would do you well
until you try it
etc because i enjoy the feel they usually leave on my skin
would not recommend to anyone!
i think id be able to get over that if it werent for the fact that i dont feel hydrated afterwards
do not buy if you cannot st
you can't even tell you're wearing anything.
i didn't feel like anything was "happening
if not, you're not really missing out.
i just hear everybody going on about these products
i couldn't believe the product did that to me.
found this one doesn't do much
the only thing i really dont like is the price
i do not like any of them
they do not absorb
i am just not sure if i see any anti aging benefits or if my skin looks any better
unfortunately, i won't be using them.
you can smooth it on ok
i still need to use something else for my eyes
you name it this stuff just would not sink it.
would have if it did what it claimed to do
i feel like i have to push it on my face.
i do not like this.
maybe it just does not agree with some of our faces
let me start off by telling everyone how much i love caudalie products
which you are supposed to do after swimming etc
then maybe this is for you
if you just wanted an eye cream that happens to have spf in it
i don't know if this one is worth it
hope i can find something better
if not i wouldn't mind buying this again
maybe on others it will be ok.
but not on me.
this just swiches things around your face
do not go near the eyes
but i don't feel like it does anything for me.
it was expensive and it did nothing for my skin.
i do like the way my skin feels after using
i don't recommend it
if i use something else for that then it's fine.
it didn't even work
does what it says
i honestly think its just high end baby oil.
it does the same thing.
it didn't do anything fancy
did the exact same thing everytime
this did take off everything easily
i don't think there's actually any oil in this product
it didn't break me out
thought i would yet again ask the sephora employee what she recommends for a cleanser
wish i had known you could return opened products if you don't like it
also, do not get this in your eyes!!!
would i recommend this product to try definitely
it was sort of a let down for me
i believe it's because i put so much product on my eyes trying to get it to break down the mascara
i definitely do not recommend it.
but i don't think i will be buying this again.
i don't know why it took me this long to realize its this stuff
it just didn't work for me
i hate to say anything bad about anything from nars
when you do it does nothing to improve the appearance of pores or lines
if anything it makes it worse!
but, so far nothing works like i would like.
i sometimes see the lines and sometimes don't.
don't have too many flaws to cover you might like this
doesn't really help & really small amount.
it honestly did absolutely nothing for me
you can get the smashbox primer
i will pass for sure
it did absolutely nothing
this did absolutely nothing.
this is why i went to buy this and give it a try.
i don't see any changes
'm just using this as a normal primer that doesn't create any specific effect
i don't really suffer from any fine lines or wrinkles as i am still very young
i can't stand it.
i think it actually makes things worse not better
then its like i did not prime anything
this just did not work for me
it didn't matify my face neither
one case of it working doesn't mean it was going to work for me
i didn't want to waste that much money for it to not do what i wanted
the price tag doesn't match what you get.
it works ok, but i can't see it lasting long.
don't expect a lot of product
seriously nars that's all you can fit in the tube?
save your money unless you have extra money to throw at this product
don't waste your money on that.
actually told me i could probably open my own counter
that's how much i own
i could not wait to try this!
the amount of product you get is next to nothing
it didn't feel like it left anything on my face
this is going back asap
once on the skin did absolutely nothing
it didn't really do what it stated it would
the effect of what it's meant to do
i really won't because i didn't see any difference
for what you get
i didn't notice any blurring or anything that would make this something i have to buy again
this was so bad that i felt compelled to write my first review
not if it means fake
i don't feel my make up sets properly with this product
i think the product just doesn't absorb
did they change the product?
just does not do enough to be worth the expense.
does not blur any imperfections that i can see
didn't really do anything for me.
i did not notice any sort of "blur"
1-minute blur did nothing for me personally.
it didn't appear to make any difference
on top of the price you don't get a lot of it either
in my opinion a little does not go a long way when applying
this however, did nothing.
i never return anything.
the product is okay but not for me.
i wanted something that would kind of be a fast
i don't know what i was expecting
i am sadly going to return it because i do see a need for something like this
in this case i don't see much
your skin type this might work
otherwise i don't recommend it
it does go away
this is not it
not bad enough to return
you need a lot of product to get any results.
let's just talk about what the product claims to do
i'll tell you if i agree
i personally did not like it
i did not think the smell was as bad as other reviews mentioned
it just didn't work out
i do not have sensitive skin, not at all.
i don't feel like it did enough for my skin i kept having to reapply so my skin wouldn't feel tight
don't know how to describe it
i don't know that it really "illuminated" anything
it didn't do any harm
i didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary
doesn't seem to do much for your skin
my skin didn't react well to this one
you don't need a lot of the product
i didn't notice anything special about this.
i feel i can do better
it didn't even help with that
i do not know of it even works?
i don't see a difference in my skin.
it didn't do anything for me.
i really think that one did same or even better job
doesnt really do much besides make your skin soft afterwards
would not recommend it.
doesn't really do anything noticeable to my mostly clear
want to know how i figured this out?
this did nothing for me
not much really happened
unfortunately, it did absolutely nothing for me.
sorry, but this one is going back.
i just don't quite see it
each time i didn't see anything special
this didn't really do much
didn't work for me :(
unfortunately it did not work for my dark circles
i think this is one of those products that didn't happen to work out for me
i dont normally write reviews
i feel that it would be wrong for me not to share
as i read everyone elses reviews on different products i want to try
highly suggest you try something else.
don't waste your money or time returning it later
doesn't really perform all that well, either.
i can't get the rest out
i really wasn't sure what to expect.
i don't expect miracles that only procedures can give you
you want a product to work, therefore it does.
i do not see any difference
i do not recommend it.
i don't even know how much of this product has ended up in the cap
the person that said not to take this stuff on an airplane is totally right because i can only imagine this stuff would make with a change in altitude
this stuff does work
it is so hard to even it out on your eyes
didn't do anything to my skin
i couldn't get it to sit still on my face
i didn't ask for any other recommendations for dark circle correction
i almost didn't return it
it did seem to depuff a little bit
ask if she could put something under my eyes
idk if it doesn't go well with my $$$ eye cream or what
i really wanted to get the same results as the rep did
way too expensive to not do anything.
wouldn't recommend for anything
maybe i'm doing something wrong or don't rub it in long enough
i feel like you need to use a lot for it to work
it unfortunately did not live up to my expectations
this isn't the kind of product that you need to wait for results
it's worth a try since it can easily be returned if you don't like the results
so use way less than you'd think you need
how easy it is to apply
i just didn't see any real difference between using it
that i think they look black
this did not work for me whatsoever!
it's tinted so you could see it if i was not wearing any make up
did not like this at all
this product doesn't do anything that it claims.
this did not do the trick for me
i didn't like this at all.
i just don't know if it's actually working, lol
i don't notice anything negative
this doesn't do absolutely anything for my under eye area
it's better if you just purchase a good eye treatment
i don't feel like there really is any kind of eye cream in here to help over time
i don't really like it when companies do that.
what it claims to do
otherwise not much else
i would give this a 5
i am not even sure if this is expired or what it just horrible consistency
not sure why this mask gets such raving reviews.
i wouldn't even give this product one star
i wouldn't know because of how long the great face feeling lasted
didn't really feel the need to use it that often
if you use just a little bit of it you won't see any results
i don't think it helps much.
i mean maybe if i used it every night
its really expensive for how little you get
while i find nothing wrong with this mask in particular
this is easy to do with no fall out
see if that makes any difference
for the price i just didn't notice it did enough for my dry
i honestly don't notice more hydration when i use this product
i don't know why
while it's doing no harm
it doesn't really do anything when used alone.
not knowing how many drops to come out
doesn't seem to do much
didn't ruin my skin, didn't help either.
this cream like product didn't work for me
if you prefer a cream that you apply
the pump does not work
made me break out which i never do
not really a must i can do without
it does an okay job but not worth the money.
this just wasn't anything special
definately did not give me that clean feeling
after going through most of the container i am sad to say that i don't think this does anything
it didn't do anything that a store br
i didn't even feel it on because i followed the instructions--you use a tiny amount for the night
i do not recommend it
i can't be bothered to go
it doesn't really have clear instructions
your face can't move
i mean it does somewhat
i could never sleep with it in like many people do
i did not notice any difference after a couple of uses
i guess it's because it tries to tighten my skin
this did nothing to my skin
i tried this mask twice just to make sure i wasn't crazy
does not break me out
it did nothing for me
you want to feel results on your face or see results on your skin
maybe i didn't give it a chance
i like to see something or feel something after using it 3 times
for me, it did the opposite of what it says.
please sephora stay honest with your customers
i never write any review before
please be careful when you choose this product.
it did the opposite of what it's supposed to do.
you'll know what i'm talking about
it didn't do a thing for my skin
please becareful when using this product if you have sensitive skin
it also didn't really do anything
i didn't really observe that even after 2-3 uses
wouldn't recommended it ever
i really hope these go away.
sales reps have absolutely no clue what they are talking about
love what roses can do for the skin
please keep in mind.
no matter how hard you try to get less because you know only a tad is needed
you still can't get less
if you are not sensitive
because you really only need a tiny amount or else you'll spend a long time getting the product off of your face
i don't doubt this works great for some people
if you're one of those people have more sensitive skin this isn't for you
it's probably something you have to take your time with
this did none of what it promised.
thought i'd give it a try
i would not recommend this product.
this just did not work out for me
now i don't trust anything she says
nowhere does it say anything about what this product will actually do
the glycolic doesn't really have a chance to do anything for your skin
so what could go wrong
it isn't like what you would expect.
this did absolutely nothing for me!
but it did nothing for me
don't have one at the moment
i encourage anyone else to sample it also
so it can happen to anyone!
it did nothing but tighten my face.
i would not recommend this even to the oilest person
i can't say that it did much for my skin
i didn't feel that this firming mask did anything
i can say that it did not irritate my skin
do not get me wrong
nothing could fix it.
not sure when- soon i hope
in the end didn't matter
i don't need the crazy coverage of a foundation
then as i keep using it i just don't like it anymore
another thing is that i don't feel the directed usage
i did use the entire bottle
it does not cover very well
it is still way too sheer to do anything
i still want to see a difference when i put foundation-ish thing on my face
unfortunately i didn't like it
i felt that it did nothing
you would think with the tint you'd get a little coverage
although it didn't work for me
it can work for someone else
can only assume it won't cover any breakouts
i didn't like it all that much
i don't like the idea of having to apply it frequently because with the texture you would need to re-apply again
decided to give this one a try
i did not like it at all
i do not need much coverage
just didn't work for me personally.
i would not recommend this for anyone who is not in this category
that's the only reason why i returned it.
why am i putting this stuff on if it doesn't seem to make a difference?
it does claim to have spf 30
i probably won't buy again unless i see it looking different on my skin
this is just not fit me
it doesn't work with my skin anymore
i don't think i could spend $55 for an ounce of it
so maybe it is just not for me
i couldn't keep it on my skin
don't waste your money on this!
i would not recommend this product to anyone
don't waste your money
just anything-- i have never had a reaction like this before
why would anyone use this?
it really doesn't do what it's supposed to
i didn't expect it to turn my face red
i'd be afraid to use this
it'll probably burn you.
it's not something i wanted
i would not recommend this to anyone!
it did the same thing.
or else i wouldn't have used it
i just couldn't get myself to like it eveb after several tries
it also doesn't feel like it is on the face
need to know what is in this
it did not agree with my skin
does not do much to any eye skin problems that sales person promised this cram will fix
i hate to say i can't wait until i am through this bottle
i don't know if it did anything for me.
did the exact opposite of what i wanted to happen
however it did not work for my skin type
other than that, don't waste your money.
i don't think so
t does not absorb quickly
i do not like it
it didn't work for me
i don't think i should shack out 70$ for one product that made me break out
i think im going to pass on this eye cream
the cream did nothing for me.
other than that it didn't do much
don't let others fool you
so nope, dont recommend
this eye cream did nothing else for me
i just can't use it without my eyes crying.
refreshing when you apply it
'm not sure what it would look like if you put makeup over it
if you prefer a more natural look
i did not find it affective.
i know what your thinking i used to much
now even though i don't use foundation or anything
i would recommend to anyone to get a sample first before you go ahead
if you don't use too much at once
you won't have that experience-
i didn't slather it on or anything
i did use a little too much
i want something super rich under there so my undereyes feel nice
a little does go along way
i honestly could not tell the difference
not even sure if i will continue to use it
it didn't really give that wow effect that it claims
if you're gonna charge this much money for a product
it should do what it claims
it really doesn't seem worth the money.
didn't really notice any difference
am trying something else now
i intend to keep using it until the bottle is done
know what to do to make them work best
i really do not recommend that to anyone
i will be returning the one i didn't use asap.
if i didn't then
assuming i did apply it right
it still did nothing
don't buy this unless you're ready to be disappointed :-/
thought i would give these a try
didn't really see a difference before or after using this mask
i did not see much of any results.
however i do not know if the strips made a difference
didn't have any results.
i recommend this if you want to splurge.
don't get me wrong it worked
however you do pay for it
this did absolutely nothing for my skin.
i would not recommend this product.
i cannot complain too much
it is not something i noticed any difference with so not something i would consider purchasing again
i don't have many
i wouldn't recommend it.
did not do anything for me at all
this did not work at all.
don't waste your money.
he said it didn't do a thing!
i cant say that i have too many blackhead.
so it didn't work for me at all.
not 100% sure i did it correctly
anyway, will give this another try.
you can't really tell a difference
it literally didn't do a thing
honestly i should have gotten my money back
didn't even want to go through the trouble
please please don't waste your money
i wish someone had warned me
did nothing for me
dont waste your money on this one
did not work at all.
i feel like these sheet masks are either something you're gonna love or hate
not sure what the second strip was supposed to do
maybe better to do in the morning?
not a bad product but not an all the time thing.
i would avoid if you do.
unfortunately these didn't really work at all.
that didn't do anything either
they did absolutely nothing
not sure if i was doing it right.
this didn't so a thing for me
this literally did not do a thing!
i wish i could get my money back
it didn't do a thing.
this doesn't do anything more than other strips.
this product did nothing special
i agree with others
would not purchase even though you can tell it's a nice thick cream
save your money and skip this one!
for whatever reason decided to try it
nothing to write home about, but ok.
would not suggest this cream to anyone
cannot imagine paying $180 for this.
thought it was something else
read the review here and now i know why!
can't justify $115 for half a product i'll never use
i didn't have to pay for this mask because someone gave it to me as a gift
i definitely don't recommend this mask because it doesn't work
i needed to do a peel to get the stuff out
that i don't really care for now that i've tried all of their masks
i would definitely recommend it for everyone!
unfortunately it seems to not do so much for me
for me this product didn't do much for my skin besides dry it out
not only did i pay a lot for this product
it did nothing for me
not only did it do absolutely nothing for my skin
this one did nothing.
truly don't understand why it's necessary.
i didn't notice it doing any additional cleaning or making any difference at all
i didn't notice any special afterwords
idk if it meant to do that
i also don't like the way it makes my skin feel
i do not see any real difference after using it
i can literally feel the mask working
i didn't feel anything when i had the powermud mask on
i don't think it did much
i do not know if it works on certain a skin types
when i use it i do feel fresh
if anything, it broke me out some.
i would not recommend if you have sensitive or problem prone skin
i won't ever be using this again
like others i did break out
i dont even have sensitive skin
i couldn't even do it for 2 minutes
i beleive this mask will work depending on how you use it
i wish i can get over the smell but i can't.
this one just didn't live up to what it promise
i didn't like this product much.
i honestly can't tell if it's making a difference
know i wasn't over doing it on one side
nothing would come out
exactly the same thing happened
unfortunately this product did not work for me.
this didn't deliver for me.
if it doesn't work
didn't do much for my fine lines, if anything.
seems okay for what it's supposed to do
they tell you to use it at night.
the real reason is that there's no way you could ever use this in the morning
it would not play well with anything
so many people told me to try it
even when it does
tried applying it differently nothing seems to work for me
didn't work for me.
why oh why did they go to this smaller version
don't like it either
it honestly does not absorb
it's fine when you put it on
other than that i don't have much good to say
doesn't seem to make a difference
i disagree with other reviews saying this is like glue
or that it is impossible to wear on your eyes
i wasn't expecting this to do very much
i did not like how it felt sticky on my face
i know it says it is supposed to firm
i don't feel as though it really made a difference
it is imposible to use it for the day cause you can not ware make up on it
i do find it really refreshing
i don't know if i can say i love this gel
this one does not make the cut
which it definitely did
don't waste your money on this product **very sticky**
unfortunately it did nothing
didn't do what the label promised
honestly it's just a major fail for me
it doesn't even seem to work that well
i don't want it to go to waste
thought i'd give this a try.
think i need more serious stuff
i don't recommend this product at all.
however, this was just ok.
don't know how it works for that
for my fine lines it didn't do a whole lot
i could feel it all night
idk how i'll do my makeup for work because i cannot possible put anything over my sticky gross under eye area
however i do not like that when i wake up
this i did not like.
honestly, i wouldn't buy it.
let alone enough to look past that
this one did not work for me personally
going to bed it is important not to let it rub off
this product really didn't do much for me.
it does seem to tighten while it's on your face
really wanting it to work
i guess its time to try something new.
if anyone recommends anything im all ears;)
don't know about lifting effects.
i ll see what happens then.
this product totally let me down
thought i'd give it a try
i don't understand it.
because maybe i used too much
i didn't realize that this product has oil in it
so don't let my review turn you off of giving it a try
you only need a little bit
i gave it two stars because i didn't mind the foaminess of this product
1) didn't actually clean my face.
i don't recommend if you have sensitive skin.
not a product for me
d suggest it to anyone else that this didnt work for
don't waste your money.
which with my skin type i don't mind.
i can't really speak to the effects of this cream
the smell is awful--i don't think i could use this daily
so much so that i want to wash my face again to get it off
don't waste your money.
i certainly did not expect that type of reaction
i didn't like how heavy
secondly, i can't get pass the smell.
sadly i will not be using this anymore
i would not entertain this product if you have oily skin
not to mention it doesn't even have any spf in it
since i only got a sample i don't think i will be able to say how good this truly is
i don't think i could even use it on my feet though
just doesn't go away
if it weren't for the burning i would love it
so while it did it's job
i know i would not purchase this because of the smell
save your money for something better
you cant get to it
this serum isn't doing anything for my skin
it looks like i haven't used anything on my face
i don't recommend this product:(
just not for me
as far as product it does ok
i didn't see any results worth that much money
they didn't lighten at all
i didn't feel like it did anything else other then make my skin feel smooth
i mean... okay, it does feel nice going on.
i don't see that kind of result
wanted to give it a chance
it really didn't do anything
i can honestly say that my skin is much better after using this product
one pump isn't enough for your whole face unless you have a particular small face
still thinking about it.
if i can't find a better product
does what it claims
used it for 5 months and it did not do anything.
i'll never find out if this is good or not
it's really costly for a product that doesn't even tell you what is in it or how it works
i couldn't put my finger on what it smells like
as for my skin, i wouldn't say it helped.
will not be using anymore.
it just doesn't seem to be doing anything that great
it does not break me out so thanks for making it
it did absolutely nothing to my dark spots
just not this one
one thing i can say is that it is not oily.
this was a waste of my money so don't waste your money
did nothing for the spots
thought this serum would correct what ails
yes it does the job
people have told me that it takes off your makeup so easily
i would not buy this again because it did not do a good enough job for the price
it didn't really take my make up off completely
this one didn't really do that
i did not like it
i would be careful not to get in my eyes
i think this actually breaks me out even though i always use a regular cleanser afterwards
i would not recommend this at all.
at 42 i think i need something more firming then this
i've read good review about what the product can do
i couldn't use this long enough to see results due to the smell
glad i did not buy it.
not only did this not work
normally, smells don't bother me - but this did.
this did nothing for my bags
i tried to put up with it because i really like it otherwise
decided to try something new
i saw that it didn't do anything for the fine lines under my eyes neither
i don't want to use it for 8 weeks with the entire product finished
you're really paying more
i know it's a skin problem on my end
that makes it a no go for me.
wanted to try something cruelty-free
don't waste money on this.
i wish i could attach a picture.
so far, no difference that i can see or feel.
i wouldn't recommend this.
this product didn't do so much for me
i am not sure why they didn't go work a pump.
does nothing to your skin
i don't mind to have it in the end of the list
i don't like when someone lies to me trying to advertise the product
because that's the only thing it did successfully
this didn't happen my first two uses
this did nothing for my skin
i didn't see any toning
though i would be okay
f you're not used to it i would be aware
i just didn't feel anything
for that reason i couldn't imagine ever recommending this product
f you want a nice treat
i say go for it
save your money if you want something to really just wow you
convenient and you don't need to use much.
it does seem to deliver
i don't do that.
i didn't see much in the way of results
i didn't see any difference in my skin after using it
what it did feel was irritated
won't be trying again
if you're interested in trying this
you don't want to have a bad reaction to it if you can avoid it
i normally don't deviate too much on products
hope my baby doesn't come before we get them done
the smell honestly did bother me.
didn't work out for me
maybe it will work for you.
i can't say i noticed too much of a difference
i don't see how it can or would boost the effects of my serum
making it look "not bad"
i would recommend ppl who have oily skin to think carefully before you buy it
after using the full bottle i really did not see a difference in my skin
didn't see anything except being moisturising
i don't see any change on my skin neither
unsure what it's designed to do.
at least it does nothing bad for it either!
last thing i need in my skin care.
or more importantly i wanted to believe it did something for me
this product didn't do anything
don't waste your money
so you don't need anything to help that process out
but it doesn't work for me.
which means i lose $50
doesn't seem to make anything look or feel better
did nothing for me.
i really never ever break out
will keep trying this i don't see no blow or any change
just didn't see any results or effects
because it didn't work at all for me
it just did absolutely nothing
this doesn't want to go well into my skin
i tried something else
it didn't work either
don't know if i like it or not
still trying to make up my mind
it did not do to much for me .
ii'm sure other people like it .just not for me
the last thing you need is this product.
if you want to spend more money
so i thought i would try this out.
i really don't want to take the advantage of sephora's return policy
this didn't really make any sort of change to my skin
it didn't break me out
however, this one is just okay.
just don't see any difference in my skin
was really nice but i don't think necessary.
i don't know how well it works because i can't get past the strong smell
i think you'd be waiting a good 30 minutes to put your makeup on
unfortunately it did not deliver
i know nothing gets rid of them
i don't mind paying for a product that does what it claims
i really don't see where her hype is coming from
i definitely don't recommend it.
however it didn't do anything for redness for me.
this one didn't do that for me
can definitely say after using it for weeks that it does not reduce any redness nor does it smell good
do not plan on purchasing anything else from this line
this mask is ok, it doesn't break me out.
i didn't even try the product after realizing it wasn't
this just not doing it
had the same thing happen
i couldn't get it to lather or do anything
the same thing he could not get it to lather or do anything
this one did nothing for myself or my husb
even if it did work great
which i couldn't tell after just one use
don't waste your money.
you can't use it alone
i feel like this cleanser doesn't really do much for me
my eye make up does not come off with this.
decided to give this one a try
i just could not get h
don't regret using it
whatever is in this
no matter when i try it
just absolutely did not please my skin.
i would not recommend this to anyone only because for a cleanser to break me out it has to be bad
doesn't get all of my make up off
i can't tell if it has made a difference in my skin
i don't want to do that everyday
i got it because i fell for a youtube review :-/ if you are getting this to use during your evening makeup removing routine please do yourself a favor
too $$ for doing nothing
i did not like it.
i did not feel very clean
this just was not for me.
i cant use to remove my eyes make up
i tried to like this, i really did.
this just doesn't do what it's supposed to
i just dont feel that it removes all the make up
i really did not like this product because it left a film on my face
i think this one doesn't do a very good job
i certainly do not think it's anything special.
it has an interesting smell that wouldn't bother me so much if it did a better job of removing make up
algenist needs to do something about the smell of this item
i think i will return back to store
what made it worse is it does not remove makeup as it claims it does
i really don't recommend this one
i don't know why this is the case
so glad i didn't have to pay for this.
can't see it does a thing.
but i can't tell a difference at all.
unfortunately it did not happen
i asked why she said that
feel like i had something in them
you'd hope it would do a better job at "plumping" those lines out than it does
its overall value isn't that great because it doesn't do what i would say it a major claim of the product
didn't see any results
don't waste your money.
once i can get it out
it doesn't seem to do much
making sure that i wasn't getting it in my eyes
just not for me.
figured this would help
it didn't make them worse
didn't seem like anything more than a moisturizer to me
my skin does not really absorb this
i do not recommend it at all
t is good for something
this really didn't work for me.
i don't care for that
i don't know if they changed the formula or what
it didn't use to do that
i prefer just about all of them to this
f you decide to try it just be careful to scoop a little because it's pretty expensive
this stuff i just can't get into
this one does not do a good job
it does not take my eye makeup off nor does it make my skin feel clean
didn't care for this one at all
i didn't think it did anything to cleanse my skin
i feel strongly that after using this you would still need a cleanser to really get everything off
since i don't wear make-up it just isn't for me
if you need to remove your daily make-up
it didn't feel gone
unfortunately it still didn't work for me.
i do not recommend.
the fact that it did a fair
if it does work
this really did not work for me.
thought i would like this
this stuff did not clean my face at all.
not the one i want keep use forever
this product did not work for me
just not this one
" because it doesn't really do anything
just not my thing.
i love how the product feels when you are putting it on your face
did not like this at all.
then you're supposed to move it around
no matter how hard i try to wash it off
i am returning this because it just doesn't work with my skin
any oil will do that obviously
am not really sure if i'd get this again because it doesn't make my under eyes feel different at all
did not see any difference
to be careful because if you don't apply spf on top of this product
i did not see much results from it
unfortually it didn't work for me :
it doesn't help with fine lines either knowing that a good way to make them look better is hydration
maybe i applied too much.
this just did nothing for me.
i wanted it to be "the one" i've used the whole thing
don't feel like it has done anything for me
i won't try this again.
i honestly did not care for it.
i don't know but it didn't work for me.
i don't see obvious results as well.
not enough for me.
if anyone has a better suggestion, let me know.
it does not look smooth in any way
sadly this product did not anything for my face.
didn't seem to help my skin anyway.
i would expect to do it all
i decided to give it a go
i really thought it would do something considering it was expensive
if you don't want to exfoliate or give your face a rest
i don't know why
i would only buy this if you need hella hydration
otherwise, it's not worth your time.
guess if you don't mind having to clean your face in the morning then this would be good for you
for someone used to a nightly korean skin care regimen if i'm not using it every night i'll forget to use it all
this didn't live up to the hype i hear about it
it didn't really do much for me
im not sure if i like or not.
that is simply bc it does zero of what it claims.
might work for you, but did nothing for me.
i really don't know how i feel about it.
i would not recommend
don't use it if u have sensitive skin.
this does not help at all
like it enough not to return
so far i can say it doesn't work very well with my clarisonic
when i use it is very gentle that's why it doesn't really removed all the make up
i would recommend it to someone with more normal/combo skin
then i guess my skin got use to it
t surprised me that this was so overpowering i couldn't even use it
only useful if you want to wear no perfume
i personally did not see a difference in his skin
it doesn't work bad
this stuff doesn't even begin to touch full coverage foundation
there is nothing i like about it particularly or dislike
i also don't like that you can't use it around your eyes
it is hard for me to notice those things
this just didn't work for me
you should not use this near or on your eyes
really doesn't serve a true purpose
you need a lot of product to get any kind of lather
this product just did not "hit" with me
i just did not care for the feel of it on my skin
it does not do what it claims to do
this didn't do anything for them at all
if this doesn't do anything for very fine wrinkles there's no way it'll do anything for deeper lines
hang on to your receipt if you decide to give this a try
maybe if i go to a sephora store
really wanted to try it
is it really doing anything ?
i did not notice a difference at all.
i don't know if it was these serums or another new product i was trying
i just didn't feel like it did anything.
as i just feel like it didn't do anything for me
i'd rather use anything else that gve me even slight results
reviews i didn't think i could go wrong
that is the only reason i didn't give this product 1 star
for the price point this did absolutely nothing for my skin
i really don't notice a difference
i don't like it
although i can't put my finger on what it reminds me of
this just does not cut it
this mask just doesn't work for me
it didn't live up to the hype for me
don't really see much difference on my skin
this didn't do anything to make them less noticeable
at least i didn't have a bad reaction to it
i did not notice a difference at all.
i don't know if it was these serums or another new product i was trying
it didn't seem to do anything for my skin or hurt it either
you are paying for something that does not work.
i didn't even see a little difference.
you never know how much
it didn't really do much for me
i don't think i like it enough to buy it again
i couldn't tell if it was working or not.
it didn't do any of that.
you don't get enough product for how much you pay
doesn't get all of the product out of the bottle
i do not use this one every day
i can't get a hold of them
this did not do that at all.
i would easily give it 5 stars if it didn't come in such a small bottle
i don't know if i like it enough to buy it again
it doesn't necessarily mean that there's not enough hyaluronic acid
it doesn't mean you're going to like it
i hope other people see what i wrote
talk about taking your money.
probably not just this br
i would have actually bought this if it did what it says
i keep checking to make sure it's meant for the face
this product doesn't exactly do that.
i just don't recommend using it everyday.
wanted to love this but i didn't see any results.
i feel like it really does nothing at all
don't waste your money ladies there's other better things out there
i don't know what i was thinking when k purchased this
i can't believe i spent $80 to ruin my skin!!!!
this does help de-puffing the face if you use it regularly
wonder if it may have to do with the irritating effect of that
i can't wait to move on from this one
this product didn't do much for them
i couldn't figure out why
don't know about lifting
half face to see if i could tell even the slightest bit of difference
'm going to keep using it
i couldn't pass it
didn't like that feeling.
it can take almost anything i throw at it
this just does not work.
did not see any difference
did not see any improvement either
did absolutely nothing for my skin
i did not like it at all
i wouldn't even give it away
i can read what it claims to do
do not see any difference at all
some people say they notice difference immediatly
i didn't see much of a difference.
it did nothing to firm it either
it did nothing for me
all id did was sit on the skin
i usually don't break out too much except once a month
was like "what happened to your skin
it did nothing to help with my skin's flakiness
but it doesn't do what i'd like, either.
it didn't like this oil
this definitely did not break me out
then you will probably like this
i took it down one star because i personally do not like the jar
i do like the product though
unfortunately it did not work for me
i decided to give it a try
don't waste your money on this
this just didn't do anything for me
i still do not see any improvement
really wanted it to do a better job of helping take my makeup off
bet you can guess what happened next!
whether i want to continue putting it on my face
bought this thinking it would really help clear my pores
it makes me want to skip doing my skincare routine because i regret this product so much
i don't want to finish the product
my skin did not react well with it
definitely try before you buy!
i don't like it.
i can't return it
i didn't find it did anything special for my skin in terms of making it look better
i didn't see any benefits on my face
two stars because it didn't make my face sting or anything
i also would not be able to let it go without rinsing
if you are sensitive, you should skip this.
if i do it is the very odd small one
did absolutely nothing for my skin.
the same thing happened
of course it won't make everyone break out
other than it does nothing
i didn't really notice anything different with my skin in the morning
way too expensive for what it does
will try something else in the future
it doesn't really help with anything
that's what she said
what it was supposed to do bc it did nothing on my skin other than opening my pores
i wouldn't go that far.
me...not so much.
i do feel a bit of a difference in my skin using this
i decide if i want to invest that much in another jar
i also found that i can't use this everyday
because it does cause me to break out a little bit
that being said, it did do something.
not sure if thats how it works.
so far i see nothing
most of the time it just didn't seem like it didn't anything for me
i can't use more than a fingertip's worth or else i'll break out
my skin just didn't like something in this mask.
this one unfortunately didn't work out for me
not worth it in my honest opinion.
it does make skin feel better.
it just seemed too expensive for what it does
i feel like you have to use a lot of product to see any results
doesn't work as well as you'd expect
no it doest do anything for ur skin
try as i might
it didn't seem to do anything for my skin
i didn't see any difference at all
i honestly couldn't sleep with it on
i just don't see how you sleep with them on
just not for me
not a bad product...just not for me.
which i never had to do
it just didn't work for me
i really wanted this to work but it just didn't.
i also don't like that it's in a jar form because when you open it
it breaks down all the good ingredients so thats another issue
bought it, but the mask really is not for me.
it's never happened with any other product
i don't feel like i noticed a difference at all
i didn't expect anything instantly as it suggests on the bottle
i did expect something over time
i didn't see any results with my fine lines
i wouldn't recommend this product
definitely won't be wasting any more money on it
did not break me out
i decided to give it a try
it did not work for me
i don't see any difference
it didn't do anything for my forehead lines
i couldn't tell the difference
didn't see any results
did not see any difference in skin.
i want to look good at my age
unless some miracle happens mid-bottle
it was not enough to know whether it was good or not
it did nothing for me
didn't want it to go to waste
this literally did nothing.
don't even bother with a sample of this stuff
don't bother wasting your money on this one.
didn't see any results at all
it did absolutely nothing for me
this did not work
i don't see any changes
i would not recommend an $88 product that's
with as much as this cost i didn't want to wait
it didn't make me break out
just didn't help my fine lines
does absolutely nothing on its own if you are a person like me who constantly is squinting at a computer screen
i don't know what i'm doing wrong or whether each
so maybe there's nothing more i can do than get botox
the rep that referred this product to me said that if i don't like it i can return it
it did nothing for me.
did nothing for her so she gave it to me
couldn't use it long enough to see whether or not it worked
it has done nothing that i can see.
everyone is different so you may like it, i don't
which very rarely happens to me
couldn't tell it did anything at all.
i would not recommend this product.
i can't say this item delivered for me as it claims it will
it did not cause me anything bad like breakouts or sensitivity or anything
i just didn't see any changes at all
when i read the description i did not think it was for me
did not want to try it right away
it is a no go for me and was just a waste.
it's not a miracle fix by any means
don't expect it to be youth in a bottle
not only did the product not work
now it makes sense why you can not take the top off
feels good on just doesn't freeze what i want.
this products simply doesn't do what it promises.
am going to try it again to see if i can get it to work
i wish i could get mine back
it didn't do a thing
seriously, don't waste your money.
never bother to review them
what it promises to do is change the skin itself
i wanted to give it a good chance before writing it off
it wouldn't go away no matter what i used
i don't know what happened
nothing can get rid of it
i wish i could go back in time
this product just didn't work for me
that's about all it did
it just didn't do anything for my skin
i would not recommend this product
i do not recommend this product to anyone with sensitive skin
i am not going to purchase this again because i don't want to encounter the same problem
repeat every time you wish to dispense product
decided to give it a try
this didn't exactly do much
thankfully i only bought the travel size or else i would not know what to do with so much of a product that does nothing for me
it did not do the job it said it would
don't have to deal with the pump anymore
it did not help clear my skin
i don't get this product at all.
i obviously did it wrong
couldn't get it to do what it's supposed to do
i wouldn't be bothered by this if there was another way to get the product out of the bottle w/o destroying the bottle
there's something about this product that just does not agree with my face
i feel that it did absolutely nothing for me.
the cleanser is good, don't get me wrong.
it does what it is supposed to do
i think that it is just way to expensive for the basic job that it does
i asked someone about this
know its not just me
dont waste your money
it honestly didn't do one thing positive for my skin
i couldn't even pull the entire thing off to get at the product without using the pump
you really only need 3-5 drops of this stuff.
thought i'd try it out
i can see why people choose this product.
it doesn't do as a good job as the lancome one
when i did use it, it would just sit on my face.
do not waste your time or money with this one.
does not "dissolve" anything
does not remove any of them.
this did not take off my make up.
this product did not do it for me.
it just doesn't really seem to do what i thought it would
i don't see much of a change
organic does not necessarily mean better.
i didn't this time
it does bother my eyes
time to try something else.
you know that you have it on
didn't last all day like i wanted
i wont be using this product ever again.
i don't feel like it did much for my skin
i also don't think it did much for my pores.
this is not what my skin needs
i dont think this was worth the money at all
it doesn't break me out
dont think it is super sensitive
am not totally sure what to blame the breakouts on
just really didn't do the trick
i didn't realize that it has aha in it
i guess my skin texture changed because it just doesn't work for me anymore
i didn't want to spend a lot
i will say i do like this as a fast
i can't imagine how disappointing this would be for someone older with actual wrinkles
there really isn't anything special about
i did not like this creme at all.
it does not absorb easy
even if i could use it
i wish i did not spend my 100 points on this terrible eye creme sample
that's about the only good thing i have to say about it
only gets grey when i don't get enough sleep
which i don't expect an eye cream to do anything about
this one doesn't really seem to clean
just don't seem to come away with anything after washing with this
every time i do this
at the moment i'm disinclined to repeat-buy this product
i applied it as directed but didn't work for me.
did not like this.
i just don't see a need for it
i wouldn't recommend it or promote it as something that will help your acne either
don't get me wrong
this doesn't take all of it off
i do not understand the good reviews.
wouldn't recommend it for anybody with this skin type
doesn't break me out
honestly don't recommend it to people with very sensitive skin
for a couple weeks i didn't realize it was causing anything on my face
creates build-up/ milia then try doing what i am doing now
unfortunately it didn't work out for me.
it won't waste product if you return it
honestly it is not worth your money
i will say it does make your skin soft
as much as i didn't want to admit it could be de's marula oil
i dont know what is happening with my skin
i do not use a lot
see how it does
this oil didn't do it for me.
it didn't really do anything for my skin.
so that kind of bothered me
don't have much experience to compare to
i didn't like it.
i tried so hard to make this work for me
so far they all seem to disagree with my skin
don't stick it out like i did just because of the rave reviews
i don't know if i continue use for a month would it be better
it did nothing for my skin
if anything it broke me out
i don't know if it was pms
let down, but it was just not for me.
there's no reason it should cost this much
don't ask me why
it seriously does nothing
it most definitely let me down
so much so that i don't wear make-up
this does not do that.
you would think at 12%
does nothing for my skin
i would skip on buying this honestly
i hardly ever write bad reviews
unfortunately this didn't do anything for my skin
i won't be recommending it to anyone
it does an okay job of this
ever let touch my skin if i can help it
i think it broke me out more than anything.
this isn't one of them
i did use it for about a week to see if maybe my skin just needed to adjust
i just didn't care for it
i can't imagine anyone with dry skin having success with this
which might explain why it feels stripping
i don't know why people keep referring too this as soap
sadly did not work for me
i just don't get it.
this cleanser just didn't do it for me
it doesn't actually clean that well
i will say that it did not dry out my skin
however i find that it's something i can only use maybe once a week
i don't know if i can use it on my face daily
it does not break me out
i didn't realize how sensitive my skin was until i used the de bars
definitely wouldn't recommend this for sensitive skin that can't take a beating
my skin did not like this.
you need to use a lot of it
i need something more
if i use it again
sadly this soap did not work for me.
it does for me
i just couldn't tolerate the drying long enough to see any results
i dont see how someone could pay a dollar for this
to be honest they are so tiny that doesnt bother me that much
or get a sample in store first to make sure the same doesn't happen to you
i don't know if caudalie has hired people to write possitive comments about this product or not
i don't know if that part of the skin is just especially sensitive
i realized that if i apply to everywhere
i gave it 2 stars as i realize it doesn't mean the product is bad
it didn't do much improvement on my skin
it just didn't do much for me
i wouldn't fall for it
i can't get over how gross it feels
it does not remive make-up well
however this did nothing to remove any make up for me
didn't think this would need to perform as much as maybe a cleansing oil since i double cleanse however this did nothing
unfortunately this did nothing
i don't recommend this
don't get me wrong
this one does not have that effect
i think it would be fine for someone with normal skin
i feel this product does not cut it.
do not wast your money very expensive non working eye cream
i still have to use something else.
can't take it back :
i wouldn't recommended it.
this is the one thing that it should do
no matter what i tried
when i found out there's a new version of that cleanser i decided to try it out
a big need for me
i never return anything
i want to like it
i think it's a nice product if you are not expecting it to remove makeup
will probably use only on lazy days where i did not wear makeup
this didn't do anything at all, really.
i do not know if it is because i use it every day that the effects won't get better than what i have gotten so far?
if that isn't enough to make you avoid this product
i'd say go for it
didn't see much of a change
not sure why so expensive when it doesn't do anything that it claims it should do
i don't think any eye product has mind blowing results
do not waste your money on this junk.
but wow what a let down.
i don't even find it smoothing or anything.
feel like i'm not wasting money
nothing special........ dont waste ur money
i know nothing is going to get rid of them completely
doesn't make a bit of difference.
this is for you
i do plan to use it until it runs out
i would recommend this if all you need is your puff to go down
you can tell the difference in a couple minutes
biggest waste of money it did nothing for me.
i didn't see that this product worked
did nothing for my bags.
i would say this product is just ok
for what it does
don't feel like this depuffs or does a good job of covering dark circles
it has done nothing for me- it does not depuff under my eyes
this does absolutely nothing.
don't waste your money.
whatever you want to call them
no matter what kind i use always creases
thought maybe this will do something
don't get me wrong
i wouldn't put this around my eye.
it didn't work for me
it does nothing as far as depuffing
since i couldn't really tell the difference
i can't see that it makes any difference one way or another though
i think that i have tried almost every product out there to try
it didn't really make much of a difference
i returned it - did absolutely nothing.
unfortunately i didn't get the same results
it just didn't do what i wanted it to do
this did nothing for my dark circles like literally nothing
the product does nothing
don't waste your money...it does nothing.
it did absolutely nothing
i did not like this product
i wouldn't necessarily say that it makes your dark circles go away
don't waste your money.
i still wouldn't recommend this product
thought i'd give this a try
it did nothing for my puffies
didn't work for me
just doesn't work for my skin
this product let me down :
it does not irritate my eyes
this just didn't do it for me
i would recommend it
unfortunately this just was not for me.
also would like to mention i do not have a clairsonic brush
i did not like this product at all.
i just feel like it's not doing anything for me: it's just adding an extra
doesn't need much to bounce back
after that, they just don't do enough in my eyes.
you can't tell how much is in there to begin with
how much you've used so far
i didn't notice it doing much of anything
i didn't see results
this is not for you
i can't say anything else about it
i wanted something to help combat that
if you want to try something from the original skin line
i definitely recommend the mask instead
you run out of this stuff quick
it also does this weird thing if i don't wait long enough to put my moisturizer on top of it
you might want to try it for a longer period of time to really decide if you want to keep it or not
this one did not work for mebtw
doesn't do much else
unfortunately, that did not happen.
it honestly didn't do much
let it work some magic
this was something else entirely
i really wanted this to be the thing that would complete my skin care regimen
it doesn't really last
don't really think this is a serum
i wasn't sure if it was this product or something else
i would suggest trying to get a sample if you can before you buy the full size
i still don't know what ingredient made me breakout because products rarely irritate my skin
that's probably why i reacted in such a way
does nothing for your skin
i'll continue to use it as i don't like to waste it
every time i use this mask i feel like a complete moron
younger skin i did not feel or see at all
reading back on the description of this product i really don't underst
i don't feel like it's done anything for my skin
i feel like i need a lot to cover my entire face
i did not get a glow -- this did the complete opposite
f you want that
i don't mind this so much on my face
it does bother me enough that i need to wash my h
if that makes any sense
probably only as a primer or on days when i want a little extra something on my skin
which i wouldn't mind if it wasn't impossible to wash off
as i tried it i didn't feel or see may difference
to think of someone paying $80 for this
this did not dry me out.
for whenever you want to get that extra glow
you get a lot of product for your buck
my personal opinion is that a drugstore item can do just as good
it did absolutely nothing to my skin.
i would give it away
i wouldn't even want anyone else to have this terrible mask
this mask has so much hype yet i found this to do absolutely nothing
this mask didn't really do anything for my skin
i do like this mask
it just didn't seem to do a thing
it won't do any good for your skin.
i honestly don't know how to rate this product.
it doesn't "work" but doesn't "not work".
use this on nights that i want to do masks
it didn't work for me.
the only thing i can tell you it's hard to get off
really didn't do anything special
i wanted to love this mask because what person wouldn't mind putting gold on their face?
i don't think this did anything for my skin.
it doesn't feel tight or anything special afterwards
try a sample before you decide to spend money on this
i can't tell you if this works or not.
i do like a lot of his products
i can't say i saw any real results
i can say that my skin did look brighter
just not sure i see any improvement from it
did not see any difference!
i didn't see any results after using 1 jar.
i didn't really notice much of a difference on my skin
i agree with the "just okay" review.
i honestly will not be buying agin.
you're suppose to leave it on for 10 minutes
i used a product that i didn't know would dry my skin out so badly so quickly
anyone else experience this?
it's not a must have mask.
it did nothing for me or my skin.
i didn't notice much of a difference on my skinafter using this product
don't go out of the house in this- you may get some awkward looks
one nice thing is that it doesn't seem to have much
i just didn't feel anything
my skin didn't look more clear
i do not recommend this product, it is terrible.
that doesn't bother me much as i have acne-prone
i don't really agree
one thing i really don't like is that i don't have sensitive skin
the only thing that has ever bothered my face was a peel i used
it did not do anything to decongest my skin.
it will definitely go away
i just do not recommend this product to people with sensitive skin at all
sometimes i think it makes me break out more.
not sure it really did a whole lot to my skin
make sure your skin is okay with this product
it did nothing for me!
i can't even get rid of it fast.
will not go away
something i don't know how to describe
even if i did have the right skin for it
if you don't mind that
not too crazy that a little moisturizer before make up can't help
*note that i did stop for awhile
i cannot imagine how much fragrance is in this product because i couldn't even use it--had to immediately get off my face
if nothing then i'm returning it
oh last time i let my sister try it instead of wasting it
i did not care for it
i would not have bought it if i knew that
not what i was hoping for
i figured it will probably take sometime before seeing anything change
for anyone thinking about using it i would say try the sample size first
cleared my skin up like you wouldn't believe
to find out i can't get that again
want to see if i just need to give it more time
i am not sure if i would buy this again
never again will i use this unless i want my face to fall off
i wouldn't recommend this
i do that anyway
i know some people may not like that
i don't know weather i'll buy this
i'll advise you to do the same
i didn't see any real difference in my circles at all
no matter how hard i close my mouth
wanted to give it a fair chance
doesn't hurt to touch anymore
it just didn't do the trick
at 100+ dollars i want to see something
this is not for you
does nothing for me.
i can definitely say i don't think it's worth $100
did nothing for fine lines
it could work for you
this cream doesn't do anything to fine lines
can't see any difference between when i use it vs when i dont
that cant be normal.
i am not sure if this product just does not work on my skin
i did not like this at all
i did not want to give up on it
would not recommend it to anyone
because i do like to give products time to work
unfortunately this product didn't work for me
figured why not try?it is great for puffiness
i figured it'd help even a little
i couldn't get them off
not the product for me.
doesn't work at all
i don't know if it corrects the circles
this brought me to think that perhaps it isnt only a cream that is going to fix my problem here
i would expect it to do something
it did absolutley nothing for me except overly tighten my eye area
like i do-- please steer clear
guess i'll give it more time
not only did this product do nothing for me
but this stuff just didn't work for me.
didn't work for me at all.
what's worse is how much i paid!
i hope it works for someone.
this product didn't do the trick for me
this didn't work for me
maybe that has something to do with it?
dont expect to see any drastic chage
bad thing is that you could only use it "under" the eyes
not as much as i thought i would
it didn't seem like it had enough moisturizer for me
not to mention i can't even get the cleanser to come out of the pump
you'd think it would be made better
i didn't have the same feelings for this product as i did before
trust me i tired super hard to try to form some type of foaming action
want a product that does what it says then i would save your money
around my mouth that will not go away no matter how much or what kind of moisturizer i use
sometimes i would over do it not knowing when to stop as you're supposed to add water
i did really like this product
it doesn't work with my clarisonic
if clarisonics didn't exist i would probably still use this though
the product doesn't come out
i would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the bottle
another peeve about this product that i have is that you can't see how much product you have left until it's all gone
i do not recommend this product.
i don't know if it was that aspect or the actual product that dried me out so badly
either way, this was a miss for me.
the same thing happened to my skin
the pump does not work
it also does not give me the 'glowing complexion" it claims it does
let me start off by saying that i do not have sensitive skin
i would be scared to use it too much
honestly i believe scent-sensitive or not
most girls these days prefer things that does not contain too much perfume because if you wear a perfume on a regular basis you'd not want to mix it with a thous
one pump is all you really need
you definitely can't use it everyday
it doesn't seem like anything special
if your skin is even remotely sensitive this product is not for you
i hope my clear skin does not break out from this
you don't need it
doesn't draw out anything if it doesn't sit on your skin
nothing special about it
you'd think with the price you pay you get better packaging
it does not remove my make up
i did love the way the product felt on my skin just not sure what happened
i do not want to completely knock it because i fell in love with the sample
i suggest you try it for yourself as everyone is different
really don't have anything great to say about it
it actually drys out your face which is the complete opposite of what it's supposed to do
wanted to give it a try
i figured i should try it out
just make sure you keep your receipt if you are going to try this product
i looked up to see if anyone else was having this problem
i know for me it is.
please don't waste your money on this product.
this didn't do anything for me
it does even foam like it says it does
which never really happens to me
don't waste your money.
makes your face feel tight i won't be getting it again
i didn't see any hydration in my skin whatsoever.
i don't know if mine was defective or what
this did absolutely nothing for my skin.
did not notice any kind of difference
i also don't think it does a good job of cleaning the skin
so i have no idea what it does.
it just didn't work for me
i would say buy the small size if you really want to try this product
need to be really careful with what i use
i probably won't get it again since i have another favorite
glad i didn't use for longer.
this cleanser did the total opposite of what it's "supposed" to do
i normally don't react badly with products
my skin didn't agree with this
'm not sure what it was that broke us out
want to tone it asap so my skin would feel better
i didn't use it again because i just simply for got i had it for a while
i figured why not give it another shot
for that reason i would love to use it
i can't stand the abel of it either.
it didn't work for me
didn't hurt my skin but didn't help it either.
didn't do anything the package promised.
there is no way you can wear this under makeup without looking like a freak
it did no harm nor good for my eyes.
just not this one
it just did not feel like anything was being absorbed
i feel like it doesn't do much for me
i cannot justify spending the money again when it did not do too much
im not sure if it's working.
i want to add that i don't have particularly sensitive skin
time to let this product go.
just didn't do anything above
but this eye cream just didn't do it for me.
what is what i need an eye cream to do
so know if you aren't sensitive to smell or can get past that
i do not recommend it
didn't seem to make much more of a difference
i just couldn't do it
if i don't apply the right products to my skin
it was a no go for me
i can't really say that it changed my skin because i was only able to apply it once
not too many things bother it
not only did it break me out
i normally don't write reviews
buy something else instead of this
didn't want to waste the bottle
you should try a sample before you buy it.
i don't think oil is for everyone.
i can hardly feel clean after i use this product
i think this oil would be great if you do not wear a lot of makeup
does everything it claims
would do the same job
if you ever use this
but i'm sure there's better.
i am not going to lie
i am still not sure what to think of it
so why use it?
it may not even be obvious to you
i dont know if it got worse
i wanted to fall in love with it because of what i had heard about it's cleaning of make up
i really wanted to love this because it would be so easy to just cleanse my face after a long day
if you are really oily it might work for you- i am more combination
this product did nothing for my face.
if anything it made me break out which was surprising for me because very few things make me break out
decided to give it another go
figured i would give this a try
this is what i experienced:
'm wondering why i bothered to use soooo much product trying to remove it
i certainly wouldn't use it alone to cleanse makeup because i feel that it isn't completely capable of breaking down makeup alone
wouldn't want to smell it on a daily basis.
it does nothing special
maybe if i apply my normal foundation over it it would work who knows
either she didn't know anything about the product or wanted to sell me this product
if you don't want tinted, don't get this product
the serum didn't appear to do anything
this is for you
i don't see why others couldn't use it.
unfortunately, it didn't work for me.
thought i would try this item
i do not like it at all.
this mask did nothing for me
i didn't really notice any difference with this product
it did what is it was supposed to do
let's just get the worst thing about this for me out of the way
didn't do anything for my skin.
maybe it doesn't "react" well with the oil?
where i don't have make up
i don't see an impact they
i hate to say it but i had breakouts from this .
the smell is actually not bad i wish it worked on me
it did nothing for my skin
when you applied it
i didn't see any improve on my skin
well, may be it's just not for me.
it just wouldn't work for me.
i couldn't imagine anyone wanting to shell out actual money for this product
i know this product was the issue bc i changed nothing else in my skin care
i can't comment on how well this works because i haven't used it long enough because it straight-up smells like a cigar
this one was just not right for me
what i really didn't like is that it left a weird residue on my face
not sure exactly why
i chose not to return it
it doesn't go away
i recommend lancôme to anyone that wants amazing skincare without
couldn't continue to use it
if it takes the bottle to see results
i don't doubt it may do something for those who enjoy the feeling
it was not for me
this product didn't do anything for my skin
don't spend your money on this.
i didn't like the way it made my makeup look
find something else for day
unfortunately i cannot give this product enough chances to see if it actually works
i think even if a daily dose of his serum could get me to loose 10 pounds i wouldn't be able to do it
i don't need my cleanser to change color to tell me that it's doing its job
definitely didn't work for me
there's nothing wrong with it per se
it does what it claims to
it didn't cause any breakouts or anything- it just wasn't an omg i must buy this again item
i cannot attest to that as that is not my skin type
i would say that if you really love a good gimmick
then this is your go to product
means that i really do care about you all :
let me tell you
that's how much i wanted to get rid of it.
i decided to try it
i didn't see any results either way.
i can't say 100% that it broke me out
when you first apply
one good thing about it is it doesn't irritate my skin
not sure i got anything else out of it.
i did not like this product at all
it did not work at all for me
this product did not work for me at all.
i can not get back to a store to return it
do not breakout easily
do nothing on my skin
for me, this was a no go.
i didn't feel like it did anything either.
i want to use something a bit more gentle
hopefully i am able to return this gel since i can't use it
which is why i can't say this gel is the problem definitively
i do know it isn't doing anything to help
i wouldn't be able to get over the texture
i do not see a single difference in my skin after using this product
but i don't feel like i need this in my skincare.
plus i do find that i need a lot to cover my whole face
i really don't notice anything special about my skin or face after using
i did not have any 'wow' effect.
so you end up wasting a lot of it
makes me wonder if they are real
for $49 i want a full bottle !!
the fact that it's 2/3 full when you get the product
you might love this product
it did exactly what it said
i can hear my face squeak
i would say definitely try it before you buy.
it did the same thing
not sure why this product caused me to breakout
no matter what i do
the thing i don't like is the product just fill up to 3/4
i guess it is an okay option if you want to bump up your cleansing oil routine
that is not something i want in my skin care
?also did nothing for my skin
9/10- would not try again.
as in it did not break me out or anything like that
i wish it did something
this one is not for me
it doesn't do anything unfortunately!
that is really the only way i can describe it.
therefore i would recommend wearing this at night unless you want to smell like that during the day
i don't have many wrinkes just under my eyes
i don't think i'll pay $115 for this maybe i'll notice once i stopped using it
it did not do well for my face
it just didn't work for me
does not do what it said
i couldn't wait to share
this is not for you
i can't say anything to its effectiveness since i only used it twice
do not get what all the hype is about.
doesn't do anything for "lift" though
i think it might even contri
i did not see the results
why not try this line again
this is not for you
would be worth it if i felt like this was doing anything
if you're breakout prone i would avoid it.
literally it did not do anything to my skin.
did not smooth or do anything to my skin.
it does not go on smoothly.
i don't see a difference at all
i dont know if they will even post this review because of what im about to say
if you are wondering why i even keep trying with this br
its not a primer as far as i can tell
i do not experience this normally!
i didn't really notice if my makeup stayed on better than usual
didn't take care of my skin
it does nothing special
did not do anything .
i will try something else on next time.
can't say this is anything special at all.
i just do not notice anything better or unique about this product
save your $$ and skip this one.
it doesn't matter how i prep my skin.
i didn't find this to be true.
i don't care for the feel of it
i definitely would not recommend this for anyone with sensitive or dry skin
why change a good thing?
i don't think i even want to give it to anyone because i dislike it so much
i would not recommend using it.
i do not like this 'renewed" version.
it does not work as good as the original did for my skin
why did they change it?
now i need to find something else and fast!!
why oh why did they change it??
why did they change it?
if you liked the old version you will not like this at all
which it did not need
didn't realize it said spf on it
i don't turn to this product as much as i would like to
it's taking me way longer to go through this jar because i just don't care for it
you'd have to apply so much for it to actually do what it's supposed to
it doesn't break me out
because there isn't a store near me where i can return this
so i decided to give it a try.
then i would love to try it
didn't really like this product.
granted i didn't use it too long because it made my face breakout like a 15 y
i still do not like it
if i did not get what i paid for.
does not go one the skin great
i didn't notice anything special about this lotion that would warrant its cost either
wouldn't recommend for someone with a sensitive eye area
i didn't think there is anything special about this night cream
i don't know exactly how i feel about this
i don't know how quickly it's supposed to work
i do like this product
you might find it too heavy
maybe i got a bad one
does not absorb at all.
2016 i do not like this product at all
i would not recommend this product if you are needing something that is very hydrating
im sure this would be good for someone with normal skin
this product does nothing.
feels the same if i had not used anything
i don't recommend this.
you'll get a much better product that does what it says it's supposed to
i don't see a difference
i don't feel like it has done anything for my eyes
i don't know what ingredient i am reacting to
try it out to make sure you don't have a reaction
this product is going back to sephora as it does not work for my skin type
i never have this problem on nights when i don't use the product
don't get me wrong
you'll probably like it
i figured maybe my skin would get used to it
maybe this is just not for me.
just not for me
i like their essence though
it doesn't even do anything spacial !
my routine products don't seem to be working anymore
i swear this isn't the first time i've purchased something
if i accidentally use even a little too much
this isn't doing anything any generic old retinal cream didn't do for me
really didn't see much change in my skin at all
sadly, it just didn't do anything for me.
this one really bothered me
i keep it on to see if it makes a difference
if anything it broke me out
is too much for what it does
overall i think luna is either a hit or miss.
i can't believe reviews are not commenting on the smell
as much as i want to
i can't get past it
does not go away
maybe that's why it didn't penetrate
then i try them
this one didn't do it for me
i feel like my skin didn't absorb this that great
i feel like everything this product claimed to do wasn't true
i know you have to use this product for a few weeks until your skin gets used to it
i did not feel properly clean after using it.
oh wait it makes me break out .
there's nothing that would make me want to buy this again
i couldn't get past the smell of this oil to use it long enough to see results
what a let down though.
no way would i recommend this one.
i could've gotten past that if it actually did something
i gave it a chance to see if this was making my skin crazy
or firming i cant really say
it does the job
i really love how you can customize exactly what you need
when you need it
i think a little does go a long way
it does last awhile
it did nothing for my skin
it still didn't work
chose what i need for my skin
i just hope i didn't make a mistake
i've determined this product probably isn't for me
it's so expensive for something that that does not even work well with my skin tone
this product did nothing for my skin.
i don't see why they mix the product for me.
i did the mix 3
could not wait to get my h
if i spend almost $100 on a serum—even if it's one i'm mixing myself
it may be ok if you just want a matte look.
don't see any change so far
unfortunately for me this product did nothing.
for me it didn't work
i am still wanting to find a product with retinal that does not break me out
i honestly don't see a difference whatsoever
however i don't see any
i literally do not see a difference
i don't usually write reviews
i will admit i don't use this every single night.
didn't work for me.
it starts rolling everywhere if you try to apply anything after not good product
it doesn't do anything for the oil on my forehead
i just don't see how this is anything special
if it did anything for my makeup
a no go for me i still gave it a 3 star bc it does has sun protection in it
they just dont seem to work for me
as a primer, it doesn't work for me.
it doesn't blur anything i'm just glad i didn't invest my money in this
if you want to layer it don't bother using this product
don't use this one
i don't know how other reviews are getting this stuff to work
i guess i didn't go through it fast enough for the product to stay the same consistency
if you are someone with oily skin you might love it
this may be something you would like if you don't apply makeup after sunscreen
me unable to get the spf i need
good if you always use primer.
no matter what foundation i use
no matter how i apply this product
can say it's the actual product that does this instead of a "bad sample
the only downside is it shouldn't be used on a daily basis or for myself i couldn't bc it began to break me out
feel like i need more of it to cover my face
nothing more special than what you'd find in a drugstore primer
it does not fade
i would give it another try
did have do a nice job "blurring
it didn't work for me
nor would i recommend to anyone
i did like the product
i don't like it
doesn't really do that
it seriously did not do a single thing
only reason it gets two stars is because i haven't found anything else that works either so maybe it's just me
the reason why i decided to try another one of their products
even before i get to be a greaseball
i don't really like this product.
i could see why some people say it's good as a primer
if anything it doesn't give enough moisture.
would not recommend this
it's not any better than something from the drugstore
two stars simply because it did not irritate my face
not sure that it does much to combat oil.
it did nothing for me
the only plus is that i did not break out.
did i see any difference?
i would buy it again in a heartbeat if it did
didn't work at all for me .
mpressed that i didn't immediately feel oil trying to come through
it did not help mattify my skin at all
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
i think if you're very oily like me i dont think this would help in my opinion
didn't see any change.
if anything it made me more oily
i wanted to try it
not always use the murad stuff
this did not work for me at all
when you first apply it
you know the kind
when i asked to see something else for comparison
i don"t know why - it made me so oily!!!
it did nothing for me
anything that says mattifying i instantly want
did not like at all!
didn't work for me.
this product did not help mattify my face.
it is not it does not help my fine lines
i spent a lot for this going to try to see if i can take it back
please stay away from it if you are oily person.
it simply does not work
t one if not better
it did, but just a little.
this product didn't do anything to control my oily face
it doesn't help mattify that area
the only thing it did do though was make my skin
it just doesn't do what it says
because i did not
what i wanted was a primer
it never did anything beyond what a normal drugstore primer would do
not only it didn't help my skin
i do not use foundation
f you do it might be a great option
do not waste your money!!
it does not do well in the long run with or without makeup
maybe i tried something else of this br
push me to buy something with lies
i feel like it didn't do much.
it's not the product that does anything
doesn't do any work on my eyes
doesn't actually do anything, just feels good.
wanted to live it but it didn't depuff.
not saying that it didn't make a difference
it doesn't work for me.
i am not happy i would pay that if it worked
this product did absolutely nothing for my eyes.
if it's in your budget, go for it.
my no means am i saying that it is wallet friendly either
it doesn't matter how long i wait for it to absorb
i would not recommend putting this on before going out either because it takes a while to sink in
can't speak of long term use
did not like this at all.
just not for me.
i do not recommend.
but get a sample and decide for yourself.
i recommend you do the same if you're interested in this product
t made me breakout really bad after just one use
i did not like this cleanser so much.
i could only imagine what it does to dry skin!
didn't realize the ph level was so high
dont know why this happened
you can't do that with this product because when it gets in your eyes it stings rather badly
it says to keep it out of your eyes so maybe it's not meant for eye makeup?
as with anything get a sample first to see if it will work for you
it didn't do anything for my skin
i expected more i guess.
f you like light products i'm sure this will work for you
it didn't do anything horrible
i probably won't purchase this again if i can find something better
it didn't really do much for me
if you're like me who needs extra moisture than i would not recommend this product
it just doesn't work
it did the job
which never ever happens
it isn't "deep" whatever that means.
it did not make me break out
i really do not like this.
i am not blaming her because everyone reacts differently to every product
my skin just doesn't like it
no this does not absorb for me
maybe it will work for you
i decided to give a try
i could feel it just sitting on my face
if it didn't make me break out
i wont use this product ever again.
figured it would be perfect because i was just about out of my regular moisturizer
i don't feel like this works as well
i didn't like this at all.
it made me feel that the product didn't absorb well
it would actually leave this strange film on my face
i just don't understand this stuff.
that's not gonna sell it for me
i really don't see the appeal
i am the kind of person who don't really look at the ingredient list when i buy things
i don't like how there is alcohol in it
this did not work for me at all.
i did not feel comfortable using it on my skin directly
my skin absorbs it very quickly however it doesn't really do anything
this just doesn't seem to give me as much moisture as i need
it doesn't do enough to make me want to repurchase
you get a good amount of product for your buck
it didn't seem to totally absorb either.
it didn't do anything to help fine lines.
can't to speak to it's effectiveness on either of those
it maybe did the tiniest amount of work on my "fine lines"
it didn't seem to do anything to clear my pores.
i honestly don't know if it worked.
since i have fair skin i thought this would do the trick
not sure what kind of skin tone you need to have in order for it to work
i can't really tell a difference on my skin
just didn't work for me like it does on others
i don't usually leave the bad review n i like other products of the blief
i can say it is good product
u should try on first than buy
i don't think this product is for everyone
even though it didn't peel off like i would've wanted to i understood it was supposed to be more gentle on your face
i am going to give it a few more tries
this is pretty expensive for something that doesn't do what it says
i wasn't sure what to expect when it said it in the descriptions
it actually did leave my face soft
i do not see a difference at all
it did nothing for my skin at all.
if you want to spend $56 on a normal moisturizer than you can
i wanted to try out a product to get rid of it
this did not work at all for me
i did not do anything for me
really don't know what to say
i did not find this product to be anything special
it did nothing for me
it feels like nothing when you put it on.
i would not recommend.
i don't prefer this
i didn't feel that it did anything special
this just doesn't cut it
i do not recommend this!
i used it the first day and felt it did nothing.
i would skip this and try something else.
i can tell no difference in my fine lines
i've waited a month to review to make sure my opinion didn't change
i did not get results i was hoping for
i can't tell if it's working or not
cream does nothing at all for me.
it does not address that issue
did not make any difference
do the same thing
it didn't do anything to my fine lines or dark circles
i don't know that it does anything special that a regular moisturizer wouldn't do
this didn't give me any
i don't have sensitive skin or anything
however, i did not like this product at all.
i can't say it does much in the way of hydration
sadly did not work for me.
it is ok but nothing special.
i will use it up, and try something else.
i actually bought this thinking it was something else
it doesn't help much
i get that this is suppose to make you glow
would love this product of it didn't have so much glitter
don't know what it really does.
what i don't like is that it has no spf.
i just don't think theres anything special or really "glowing" in this product
it just did 't work for me.
something about this just didn't work for me
not sure why my skin didn't seem to like this.
my problem is i have no idea what it is supposed to do
or even here on this very product page to tell you
i don't think it does anything too dramatic to justify the price point
t's hard for me to find products that don't break me out
i wouldn't recommend it.
i don't notice a difference with or without it
i didn't find it really did much for my skin.
although i didn't break out more
it didn't clear up my face either
i like to think i don't have sensitive skin
wanted to try something new
i would not recommend it even if you have oily skin
i do not have time to bother with that everyday!
i just wish it didn't dry my skin so much
if you are like me
enough that i won't use it again
didn't do much with actually cleaning my face
really wish i didn't waste so much money on it :/
i just didn't feel like it did much
oil you can use
now it does nothing
i don't find anything special about this cleanser
can't see a difference yet
this didn't work for me at all
i wouldn't recommend it.
i don't think it's enough for anyone to really sample it
i could not use this.
i didn't think much of it at first
did not cause me to break out in any way.
this product does not play well with anything else
i really wish i could give this product a better rating
if you apply essence
i would not recommend
i am not that picky either
i wanted something for day with spf in it
i'd say this product is good if you want a blurring effect
i love how it does give that blurring effect
i can't just wear this alone
maybe it won't be so bad in the winter time.
if it didn't leave me looking like i have a white mask
can only wear it when i know i'm not leaving the house
i do not recommend this product
except for the fact that it doesn't do what its purpose is
i did not change anything about my makeup routine
this just did not work for me
i definitely did not find it with this
i would not recommend this product
the consistency of the product didn't bother me
don't think this product will work for me
maybe not even for everyday
weird but i will keep this.
not sure if it was a reaction to oil
if you're a woc, i'd definitely look elsewhere.
not a look you can take out in public!
would not rub in no matter what i did
no matter what i did i always felt just a little too dry
i didn't get any breakouts from it
don't work it into your skin too much
i think i could make this work
i wouldn't want to use this on a daily basis as my regular spf
i figured that this sunscreen would work wonders as it did for my body
i knew i had to give it a try
even if it's been awhile since you applied it
it didn't break me out
won't be wearing much make up anyway
this one does not
no matter what foundation i choose to wear over this
no matter how much i tried
this one is a miss for me
thought i would give it a whirl
was hoping it wouldn't break me out
does what it says just didn't like the feeling of it on my face
i don't break out very often
i don't know if i just had a bad reaction to it
i don't even know how to describe it.
not sure how i feel about it right now
it just did not work for me
did not really see any difference at all after using this mask once
i don't remember it being radically mattifying either
it didn't really help any part of my skin
don't let me get started on the smell
doesn't do anything for my pores at all.
it doesn't do any good for my skin
i can't say that it did anything majorly special for my skin
i decided to try it out
i left it on for only 5 minutes just to see if it at least did anything for my skin
i can tell its not a 5/5
they don't run in
just ask mask that doesn't do my skin any good
nor does it break me out
didn't do much for my skin besides make it soft
i can get that with any mask
wanted to try it out
didn't notice anything different in my skin.
my skin didn't look or really feel any different
if like like this product didn't actually stay on my face long enough to do anything
i didn't really see any results after i used the mask either
i would recommend that 100%
don't waste your money.
while i didn't find anything awful about it
it does not remove all my make up
certainly not all my eye make up
i like it enough to keep it on h
decided to give this a try
i can't say it did anything amazing
it definitely didn't make anything worse
this literally did nothing for me.
not sure if made my skin worse
and it really stings if you get it in your eyes.
but i'm not sure if it even does anything?
this didn't do anything for my skin i have been waiting for something miraculous to happen
i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone with overly sensitive
i didn't notice anything special happen to my skin
i don't know what is in it that was making me react that way
it didn't break me out
wasn't for me but maybe it will work for you.
it did absolutely nothing for my skin
does not do anything to your skin
it's going back to the store for sure.
the product didn't work on me
it didn't work for me
'm going to hold on to this product
it doesn't work for me
not a product for me.
if you don't want to look like a sparkly teen during the day
you'll need a good foundation over this
this product didn't really do a lot for me other than smell good
i didn't notice anything else
i don't know if it was because of the mask or it just happened coincidentally after
i can not see any difference with my pores
i don't find it did anything special
i would say this product did not do much for me at least
not sure if i will again
maybe thats normal, but not sure i like that.
my skin is on the dry side though so maybe this isnt the type i should use anyways
it didn't do much
im not really even sure if it works
dk maybe it does do something
so far i didn't find anything helps obviously
not gonna to buy it again.
i don't plan on using this any longer.
i don't think i'd buy this again though
i don't feel like it actually does anything to my face afterwards
i didn't get the results that i wanted or expected
i wish i could get my money back on this product.
i only used it a few times and didn't love it.
was willing to just give it a try
it doesn't specify how thick it should by applied
the slightest thing can make me breakout or give me an allergic reaction
that i can not get rid of
it doesn't break me out
hmmm not sure what it was
i don't mind this
which is what i need
don't see no difference
don't wast your money on this one.
i came to a conclusion that it did not make any difference on my skin
it did not break me out or anything
it was not enough to make me want to keep it
thought i would give this a try to detox my skin
i didn't think it would be as bad as the reviews claim
you would think with a name like flora
just didn't work for me.
i don't know if i received a bad bottle
i don't have much fine lines
can't comment on that
it did not break
please just take my word on this one.
not sure if i would purchase again after i run out
you don't need much
t will last you a while
i do see a difference in my skin.
than this probably won't work for you either
didn't really do much
my skin is pretty strange so use your own discretion about using it on your own
i found this oil does not live up to the hype that it gets
without the easy slip that i expect
not what i was expecting
tried it again today thinking maybe it was just coincidence
the only reason i gave it two stars is because it did feel nice going on
it didn't break me out though
it honestly didn't do anything
actually my clinique one does a better job
why does everyone love this?
didn't feel any difference.
so i wouldn't recommend using it near eyes.
if you don't really wear make up it might be fine for u
needless to say, this didn't even get all of it.
there's no foam or anything to show coverage.
it certainly does not take mine off
just did not work for me.
i wasn't sure if i was using too much or too little
i won't be trying this again.
perhaps it's not supposed to do this
i didn't really feel like it cleaned anything.
just didn't work for me
i returned this product and would not reccomend.
i don't hate it either
this product is suppose to remove make-up
it it's not supposed to be used near the eyes-
it stings if you do
just not for me.
i've used so many i can't keep count
it feels heavy if you put enough on
it just didn't agree with my skin
i never did now the cream
i want to try another br
it absorbs quickly but i can't see any benefits.
this cream was not enough for me
my fine lines really bother me
i didn't find that it really does anything for my skin
i don't know if it's making a difference
this just didn't work for my skin
you need to work it into a lather anyway
so why bother with a stick?
i like using it
why its a stick and not a tub- i'm not sure.
but, unfortunately, i never saw any.
am not even sure if i am using it correctly
you can't use it as a stick for very long.
it just didn't work well with my skin
i guess this product just doesn't react well with me
i don't know if my acne is just a lost cause or what
i might just have no patience, who knows.
i guess that was a mistake.
maybe this isn't the right one!
i didn't find a anything special about the product itself
i assumed it was empty because i couldn't get a good view of the contents
it definitely did not melt or anything
it did not work out for me
i don't know how to describe it other than that.
unfortunately the stick did not turn out the way i thought it would be
it just didn't work for me
t didn't make much difference
if you follow the instructions
if you make sure not to use too much
i would say buy it cause it seems to give you a fresh new layer of face
does what it says
f you want to try this
the directions for this product do not follow with what you have to do to use it properly
i don't understand this product.
if you're combination you will definitely need the essence to go with it
just didn't work for my skin
so there you have it.
maybe you will like this
my skin does not react badly to it
can't get next to anything for the rest of the day
if you don't plan to wear anything
not only did this feel tacky on my face
not sure what it's supposed to be doing with the firming
i got this because some celebrity said she can't live without this
feels thick if u use too much yet if you only use couple drops it doesnt go all over your skin
i want better ingredients
as it does not seem that you pay for what you get
i don't know what is in it
because i hear good things about it
your call to get it!
i couldn't figure out what that smell was
needless to say i will not be purchasing this for i just can't get over the smell
the product just does what it says it will
i don't really get it
they don't know why this would happen
it does not do any miracle to the skin.
while i do like this mask
however, it breaks me out every time i use it.
i don't see the point in using a product that breaks you out every time after when you had no acne there to begin with lol
seriously if your skin is sensitive to any extent you're gonna wash this off
it really isn't anything
that doesn't really bother me
the only thing it does for my skin is make it soft after i use it
so i decided to try this mask.
did not see any difference only it made my face really dry
i decided to give it a try again hoping that the mask wasn't the cause of my break out
the same thing happened
i did not see nor feel anything extraordinary.
don't see a big difference
didn't do anything for my sun spots
i would give it 4 stars
good, but doesn't deliver on all that's promised.
thought i would give this one a try
if u have sensitive
acne prone skin as i do then i strongly recommend u to not try this product
now i know why
for a little more i could get a clarisonic that'll last me years
don't get me wrong
just not this one
i don't think it did anything for me
i wish i could give negative stars.
my skin did not look so great after
not wanting to leave my face
see if he likes them
don't bother with it.
i did not notice a difference when using this product
don't waste your money.
in my mouth i did not like it
it didn't do anything for my pores
this product didn't work for me
this does nothing for my skin.
why spend money on a temporary fix that does nothing?
it literally did nothing for my skin
any other mask would do same if not a better job.
though i think it does have a particular smell
you can't see how much product you have left
maybe i used too much
it did seem like a lot of product for the money
just didn't work with my skin type
i probably have another 1 or 2uses left, i love!
what i like to do is apply this mask before i take a shower
this is the type of mask you'd want to use before doing your makeup
this one didn't seem to make any difference for me
it doesn't actually do anything other than make your skin feel good
i think if you have sensitive skin this will work really well
why i mention it?
cause you would think that whatever i put on top of that
used it on top of everything else
very unpleasant, and so, wont use it ever again.
i guess you can't get everything right 100% of the time
not to mention didn't do a thing for undereye circles
this cream really doesn't work for me.
i would highly not recommend this to anyone.
it doesn't stay that way for long
definitely not for me
not sure about this prouduct.
was wondering if i should return this one.
i used probably half of it because i didn't feel like i need that much product for one night
it didn't make any difference that i could tell to my skin the next morning
i couldn't honestly tell you what my overnight result would have been
just didn't dry enough for me
didn't do anything they claimed to do
honestly, this mask did not work for me.
i didn't like how it felt when i put it on
not sure if you should be doing this
which is something that only happens when i use a product that doesn't agree with me
this one doesn't do what it is supposed to
i won't be trying any of the other masks cause they're just not worth it to me
this did nothing at all.
thought to give it a try
this particular mask didn't do very much over night
these literally did absolutely nothing for my skin
did not notice a thing in the morning with any of them
this one did nothing for me
this literally did nothing for my skin
it didn't make a difference
i decided to give it one more try
did not see a difference.
the further times i used it i didn't see any mattifying
t doesn't break the bank too much
is not a good product i do not recommend
decided to give this a try
it doesn't mattify my skin like it claims
i don't find it particularly special
if you want something simple
its great if you're not wearing much make up
once i did get to pump
it just doesn't get my make up off
that did not work if anything it made things worse
i can find something cheaper that does a better job than this does
decided to give this one a try
i guess you get what you pay for.
still don't know how i feel about this.
if you want quick
this one just really doesn't work the same
feels like i'm wasting it every time i use it
next time i will buy something else entirely.
so, just okay in my opinion.
however, it didn't help clear my breakouts.
this does not work well with my clarisonic
i will say though if it doesn't cause you to break out it's a great makeup remover
what i did not like is the price.
it just simply will not do that
it does not absorb
so i will never try it again.
i read in another review that if you have really dry skin
certainly not enough to try again not even if it was free
it really did what it said
i which is a no no for me.
i can't say anything for it helping my skin
it did absolutely nothing for my small breakouts
and you will get real reults.
i think it does nothing
never saw much of anything.
if you just want a glow, this might be good.
maybe it just didn’t work on my skin type.
i suppose i was foolish to think that a serum could really firm
but it doesn't seem strong enough.
not only did this give me zero results
not sure if i'll have enough to see a 2 week affect
it bothers me to even have it on my h
unfortunately, it did absolutely nothing for me.
this seriously does not last.
i admit at first i didn't think it was doing anything
does nothing for me
the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because i miss the old lotion
not really sure how to describe it
i do think it helped a little.
let's just say if i hadn't used it at all with the other products
i believe it would work better for someone who doesn't have as bad dry skin as me
i don't like that.
i don't feel like it did
unfortunately it just doesn't work for me
sephora did not do anything to help me out
it would be a shame if i never put it to use
it didn't die on me this time
who really knows if this will work they don't last long enough to find out
hurt too bad to even try again.
i know it is not a miracle
wouldn't even turn on or take a charge
i am going to ask for a replacement
i didn't even use it everyday as instructed.
when i apply it
you should be okay
i didn't see that with this product
i wish this worked for me like it did for others.
i don't really mind it
i will continue using it because it does feel really nice on the skin
unfortunately, i was wrong.
this product did not work for me however
it literally didn't do anything
that did seem to help a little
it did what it said on the label
then this stuff just not working
i put on what i would think is way too much
10 minutes later it would feel like i never put anything on at all
it did not work out
my make up did not look cute
it does make a difference
it just didn't work for me
if your young maybe this would work better for you
i don't know if i received an expired product or if the formula just isn't for me
guess i will stick to that instead
about the only good thing i can say is that it does absorb quickly
i would not recommend it to anyone.
'm not sure if it's one
nothing actually makes me any younger
this just didn't do it for me.
not to say it wouldn't be good for others.....
i just don't want to look like a greaseball
no matter how i put it on it gets in my eyes
i also can't wear this in the am b/c it doesn't absorb well
the eye cream did absolutely nothing for me.
i can find something much less expensive to do that
do yourself a favor and save your money.
so unless this does something great for my skin in the next couple days
i just find it's not quite enough for me
i think i'll be purchasing something else to try when it's finished
i didn't want to use it after the color changed
dont feel that dry
if u dont mind spending 45$ every 2 weeks
it did me no good
so this did nothing
unfortunately it did not
not sure why it says it's good for dry skin
so don't buy it if that's specifically what you're after
but i could forgive that.
on my face it didn't bother me so much
you definitely cant put this on
it also does nothing to my.
i don't know why
however, i think this product is just okay.
waste of money doesn't even work
did not like it at all
decided to give it a try
it actually did nothing for my skin at all.
will not recommend it to anyone
it makes your makeup slide after you do get it on because it
maybe i am using too much
just not the right cream for me i guess
i still wouldn't recommend
i would not recommend this product
i don't know why it caused it in the first place
it doesn't hydrate as much as i tought it would.
wanted to give this product a try
but this is not for me.
i don't see how.
i will say this: i do fee like its doing great things for my skin
i didn't see that it did anything at all
this product didn't do anything for me
my skin still didn't like it
i want something that i can use every single night
i can't stand that!
i need to do it
not this one -- its just not that great imo
em with the gel would give me amazing results
i don't feel as though this cream does anything positive for my skin
which is the one thing from ole that i would say is the st
i don't have another one
love them for the very reason that they do not bother my sensitive skin
definitely do not recommend
really didn't mind it
i feel like it didn't do anything it said it was going to do
i didn't use too much or too little
at least i don't think
did not irritate my eyes
i just hoped i didn't meet anyone i know this night
i've decided that this eye cream is just "okay"
if you only want to use this product at night or when you aren't wearing makeup
then it should be okay
i won't be using again.
can't comment on the benefits of getting rid of fine lines
no matter how little you might have put on
but this does not do what it purports to do.
considering this i don't think there is anything special about this eye cream
you don't get much product for the money
nomatter how i try to use it
i can only say that it made my eyes worse
i am not sure if i am allergic to something in this balm or what
i would not recommend this to anyone
this one just doesn't seem to help
"fine" is the only word i can use to describe this
it does not give magic result
end up using alot without feeling any change
doesn't do much if you've had a long night
didn't do anything for my dark circles
don't have anything to compare that to
i don't think it's done anything for my dark circles or the fine lines around my eyes
i like how it feels going on
also makeup does'nt go over it very well.
can you imagine the horror?
i didn't see much of a difference
however, i did not see results.
this product didn't do anything for my wrinkles
did not do anything for me
i decided to try it
i don't like when people blame their acne on r
i think even if i used less the horrible smell would have bothered me
if you're a sensitive skin person i do not recommend this for you
don't know if it has something to do with that
i don't think it is any better than any others i have tried for less $$$
i probably noticed it more because i didn't like the scent
made me wondering if this product will be godd for my skin
it doesn't make me break out
this cream didn't do anything
did not like this too much.
does nothing to your skin at all.
on this i'm not so sure
i find this product doesn't do too much for me
not sure if i had an odd reaction
had to return it because it irritated my skin so bad don't know why just doesn't work for me i don't have sensitive skin
really want to like it
t does not take off all the make up
i just dont feel like they get all the dirt
don't know if i will continue to use it once it's gone or not
i will probably try another cleanser when i run out
i do not recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin or who is prone to breakouts
the wonders it could do for the skin
i don't think it really did much
definitely didn't do the job it claims
that doesn't happen often
it didn't seem to do much at all for my skin
unfortunately it didn't work out for me
which i didnt like about it
i'll give it a 3 because it does give a nice glow to the face
how people don't notice how sticky this product is
just thought i'd give this a try
did nothing for my skin except make me breakout for because of the gold in it
did not show miracles on the skin for the buck.
i am not sure if it's worth the money
i don't have oily skin or acne problems-maybe that's why tatcha didn't do miracle to me
it doesn't really do that much.....
i can't really tell much of a difference
i am going to try something else
there really is nothing wrong with it
why does algenist not use a pump for this product?
the short story: it doesn't work.
just didn't work out for me.
the pump does not work
if you can get it to ever work
when you push down it does not come out.
00 you get magic in a bottle that won't come out
onto my face- did not save packaging because i have never tried an algenist product i didn't love
i didn't notice any change at all with using this product
this did not firm for me.
this serum did not work for me, however.
i figured why not
i didn't react to it
i don't want something that never completely soaks in
don't expect it to do any cleaning
it won't do much
i didn't mind this when i put it on
i don't wear foundation or anything
i didn't like this.
it's definitely not one i would buy.
so be sure your foundation
if i can return the product i think i will.
it's definitely not something i would purchase again
i don't recommend this if your skin is sensitive or if you have really sensitive eyes
it didn't do anything mind blowing.
i'll finish it because i refuse to waste product.
i usually don't mind that
i know some people do
know it was this
if you're like me
have sensitive skin then i say you're better off with something else
it simply did nothing to my eyes
i don`t know if its because i'm aging or i got it from this product
i honestly didn't see or notice any difference using this eye cream from when i wasn't using any
because the first review fails to mention this
i don't think it did anything for my redness
i wouldn't say this is what made majority of it go away
it did help a bit
i can't bring myself to buy it again because of that
that doesn't last long
i also felt like it didn't do anything for my skin
that said, i'm not sure it does anything.
i don't see any effects
if you don't have a special need for this product
other days i think foundation covers it anyways.
i don't think i'll buy this again.
it isn't doing any harm to my skin
...but i just couldn't justify keeping it.
this one just wasn't gonna cut it
for $55 you'd think they could at least throw in a flip top or a pump of some sort
t would be nice if i could take a look
it does nothing special
this did absolutely nothing to my skin.
and if anything made things worse for my skin.
i wouldn't say i have sensitive skin because it worked
it just did not do anything for me
which i actually do like very much
it would not dispense
not only would it not dispense
do not waste your money on this.
couldn't get anything out at all.
i couldn't wait to try this.
know what to look for
i know you have to give a product like this a bit longer
not my kind of product
if you're a person that needs hydration this is the best product for you
i do like the initial feeling when you rub it in
i do not think it is bad
it does not make my skin worse
it also does not make it better.
let me first say that i do not have acne-prone skin
i literally cannot even remember the last time i had a pimple
it felt super gross and i did not like it at all.
doesn't do anything special either- i use it after an oil cleanser
save your $30 and spend it on something else.
it just did absolutely nothing for my skin
not only does it not do much
even if it did
i did not find it to really accomplish a whole lot
i honestly can't tell if it does anything.
it just doesn't seem to do much
when you first put it on it feels ok
i couldn't wait to get my h
this one is gonna have to go back
but it does nothing.
even after daily use i did not notice the difference which is sad since i like the consistancy of it
if you use es products on a regular basis you re gonna love this
simply ok - i've used better
every time i try to use it
i see no reason for it to be doing this.
what a mistake that was
please, make a better product.
i couldn't even leave it on my face
i guess would be okay if you were using it as a night cream before bed
i do think this product would work better on dry skin
this is fails to even get a 'meh'
their 'eye dew' product is much better if you do want to try the br
i don't hate it but definitely don't like it.
gave it back a star cuz i think it does indeed moisturize
either i'm doing something wrong or this product is not great
forget about trying to put makeup over it because again
thought i just got lucky that it didn't happen to me
it did not quite live up
does not absorb easily
the one thing that did work was it didn't irritate my super sensitive skin which is rare for me
or if you don't wear primer
this didn't work for me
for the people saying it doesn't ball up
can say that it did not break out my skin
if that doesnt bother you i say buy.
because you never know when you're going to stumble upon the holy grail
it does what it claims
i just can't stress it enough.
i can't get it to work for me
i didn't feel like this absorbed well
unless you are not going to apply something on top do not bother with this one
is not something i'd recommend for morning use
just didn't this time
instead of giving this to someone else
imo do not think that this is a good day time/ under makeup moisturizer
the best thing to do is use it at night
that's false because if anything
i couldn't apply anything on top of it as it made everything pill up
would not recommend this
i didn't run into that problem
however, it really didn't wow me, either.
this product did not absorb
i couldn't stand it .
i guess not what i want a moisturizer to do.
not at all what i wanted.
i did not notice anything.
it didn't wow me either
it does not absorb quickly.
you can see it as white
i am not blaming the cream since i don't know if there's a correlation
it didn't make my skin look or feel amazing
do not want to purchase it
it definitely didn't work for me
anyways maybe it can work for other people
it did nothing like moisturize or anything
this product did not make me break out
not worth the money at all, sorry.
if u have good skin already
doesn't live up to what it claims to do
simply doesnt work for me
do zero to my face
this one dont anything
i dont have problem to pay for one product that do
this one do nothing
this did not work for me at all
it hasn't done anything
i can't tell the difference without it
do not make the "miracles" u expect for
it works great when i don't wear make up over it
it doesn't do great when i wear it under make up
i will say it does mattify
it didn't work for what i was hoping
it just didn't work
it just wouldn't do the trick.
if you really want that extra glow
use something else for bedtime
i don't feel like it made me dry out at all
after i use this i feel like all excess oil is gone from my t zone without stripping anything else
this did not work for me
really it did nothing for my face
it's hard to find anything that works on my back
thought this would do the trick
unfortunately it does not do what it says
see how it would leave my skin
i would try something else
after using the entire bottle i don't seem to notice a big difference
it doesn't work for me
it makes no difference if i use a lot or a little
i know it was not my moisturizer because i have used it for a lot of years
thought maybe it was only for a little bit that this would happen
i couldn't take it anymore my face looked terrible
this did nothing to help it
i didn't even get to try it because i wouldn't dare put it on my face
it doesn't do that
i wish i could post a picture.
anyone else experience this?
i just can't put this on my face!
i figured it probably wouldn't work though because my skin is super sensitive
while the moonfruit really didn't work out for me
i couldn't understand it.
i know that's the evil words you don't wanna hear
wouldn't suggest this for someone concerned with wrinkles
i hate to be the only one not to give a 5-star review
i don't break out except in reaction to something
thought i'd give this a try
it didn't last too long either
this product did nothing for my skin.
it never did anything for me.
i don't see any difference
i can't tell that it does anything for my skin
you have to be careful not to make a mess when you open it
didn't do anything besides burn my face.
i don't really think this did anything at all
unfortunately, this mask didn't deliver for me.
as this doesn't work for everyone
if you can get past it's at least worth trying a sample
i didn't react poorly to it
i think my skin just didn't like it
don't know what the problem is
i don't understand all the hype.
this one didn't do anything
i agree with others
this stuff will last you forever
i really didn't notice any kind of change
i really wanted to get past it
decided to try something else instead that would give me even better results
i don't know if it's the product in itself
can't ask for miracle since it doesn't contain chemicals i guess
it didn't break me out
it definitely didn't help with anything
this didn't do anything for my skin
it doesn't even tingle or anything
every time i put it on my face i feel like i'm wasting my time
this product did nothing for my face.
i've never tried one that absolutely nothing for my skin
i wasn't expecting a miracle by any means
i just found that it literally did nothing
wouldn't absorb well not matter how little product i applied at a time
it didn't help my concerns
this didn't quite do it for me
unfortunately i found that it did nothing for my dark circles
can't say it would help someone who does
like anything its not always going to work for everyone
you really need to rub it in.
this doesn't do that.
not sure if i'm sensitive to something in it
there are some fine lines that i do want to take care of
i can't say that the product did anything
it just didn't do anything for me
didn't do anything for me.
i don't think it actually works at all.
i honestly think i was better off not having an eye cream
would not recommend unless you had really oily skin
for $75 bucks i think i'm expecting more.
so far i like it.
it didn't do for me
because i did not see any results
this product just didn't do anything for me
i really wanted to give this a chance
not wanting to waste any
it doesn't work for me
figured i would give it a try since the price was nice
honestly, it doesn't go away.
you realize it's still there
so wanted to like this.
i do not recommend it
it hasn't done anything bad to my face
i know i have to give products a change to work
just did nothing at all
t is not just me
unfortunately not this one
i know this product is in high dem
i just don't think this is working miracles for me
i find myself coming back to the reviews to see what it's supposed to be doing to my skin because i just don't know if it's doing anything
this is not doing anything major for me
looks as if i want the % of in my serum
it's disappointing nobody can figure out how to make an effective
it didn't do anything
it bothers me so much that i cannot st
i just wanted something new to add to my am routine
unfortunately this is not it
i feel like i need to add something else on the top
so much so that i don't wear make-up
this does not do that.
like there is something on it
would be the best way to see if your skin will tolerate vitamin c
i find they helps
not sure whats in c firma that broke me out worse
just watch out for it if you're sensitive
it did nothing to my skin
this is not for you
she will start tweaking things now to make them perfection if she doesn't sell out to estee
all my foundations seems like do not want to cooperate with c-firma at all even 30 min
it did nothing to my face
good if you want something really light, i guess
46$ for moisturizer that doesn't really work for me isn't something i'm willing to shell out for
it just doesn't seem to accomplish much even if the experience of using it is nice
still won't go to waste.
i want to give it a second chance.
don't waste your money on this.
maybe i used it wrong
if you want something efficient don't get this
won't buy again but did use it all
don't use it at a make up remover or you still gonna have your make up on
if i could give it -10 stars i would.
i didn't pay for it ill give it 3 stars
honestly gives about the same effect
i didn't return it.
i would reccomend this for anyone that has extreamly sensitive skin
or if you're like me
but if you want a truly deep clean, keep looking.
this product did not do it for me either!
this product isn't what i expected
do not waste your money unless you need shaving cream
why so many people seem to like it so much
natural smellingi don't see any huge difference in how it effect my acne or how much of my make up it takes off
you need little product
it's not something i reach for a lot.
didn't do anything for my acne other than made me feel clean
it does all the things it claims
i really do not like anything about this facial foam
knew it wouldn't wash that off
that didn't even happen
i truly don't feel it is cleaning like i would like it
in the end it did not deliver like i wanted it too
using this didn't seem to do much
it does not seem to do much
it didn't really add anything spectacular to my routine
thought this would make a difference
but it did nothing for my appearance.
started to notice i was getting these big pimples that i dont normally get
in places i dont normally break out
the more you work it into your face
i made the mistake of trying to use it with my clarisonic
you can't use this on its own
you'll need to use something else.
this did not work for me
it should do it's job well
i figured i would get through it
it didn't get anything off
if you use too little product
it doesn't seem to have any at all
it also didn't feel like it did much of anything.
i am not convinced this does anything
i didn't really see any difference in using this.
i don't think my skin is improved at all.
i like pumping mouse that is why i don't return it
did not see any difference on my face
no need to purchase it did nothing for my face
however it does absolutely nothing for me
doesn't do anything amazing either so the odds are if your going to buy it expect nothing extraordinary to happen even with continued use it just makes you feel like your doing something for yourself al
i don't see any other benefits
just not anything amazing for me
i didn't really notice much of an effect on my skin either
it really doesn't do anything
i am not sure about that
i don't see much difference on my face
if not, i'll probably give up.
i don't know if it works well for wrinkles
now i can see why i need to
i won't try this one again
first of all i don't think a cream can actually make anyone's dark circles go away
it did nothing to mine.
i cannot tell if its making a difference!!
not sure how i feel about this eye cream.
cant say i've noticed much of a difference
i didn't feel anything
for $62 i won't give this product a second look
i really don't see any difference when using this eye balm
so maybe that is the problem
i would skip this one.
but, it does nothing!
i am not sure i am willing to spend that much money again to see what it can actually do
didn't see much difference
i need to justify the $
it didn't work for me at all
this one does not give what i wanted
does not lift anything even if i am only 33
i do like the way it feels
i just don't see or feel a difference with this one
i will say that it doesn't sting my eyes at all though
i didn't like the packaging either.
it does go a long way
the product didnt really treat me for what it promised
i did not see any difference with this
i really thought this would help
don't waste your money.
i wanted a product that would fade them.
this literally does nothing.
going to continue to use until it's gone
some dont react at all
don't waste your money.
i don't usually write reviews
do not waste your money on it.
i don't see any difference
to expensive for something that does not work.
i wish it would have worked, but alas, no.
this didn't really work for me
i'd have to say that this is a product i wouldn't get again
i could not find anything to get rid of it
they definitely don't make you pay for shipping a product that made your problem worse
murad is definitely not one of them
when i don't see a difference i give up
i wouldn't mind that if it was effective.
i normally don't expect immediate results
i do not see a difference
this stuff works if you have fitzpatrick skin tone 1 or 2
maybe i have not given it enough time
i feel like for $60 i should see better
i am afraid that i can no longer return the product
i did expect to see something at least
because i haven't seen it do anything
however, for $60, this did absolutely nothing.
i would not recommend this product if you know of an alternative please let me know
if i could give it a zero i would.
if i could give this product zero stars, i would!
this is not a quick fix
does not work i used 2 bottle giving them benefit of doubt nvr will buy this br
this serum, however, i'm not sure if it works.
i wanted to return it
this product does not work
it did not work at all
don't waste your time and money
if you buy this i hope it does work for your skin
didn't think it would be a problem
do i think they will be gone?
if you want something to help lighten atleast someof your scarring i would recommend a one time purchase
this product did not work for me at all!
keep in mind that not everything works on everyone so maybe get a sample
it tells you to apply over entire face
i wish i could give this product no stars.
little did i know that meant alienating other people
this didn't make it worse
didn't make it better
it did absolutely nothing for my skin
)...try something else...so disappointed...
shame on me for not doing my homework
can't ask for much more for a great skin care regimen
i'll come back to them when they do.
i don't have any skin issues
this did nothing for my congestion i think it even made it worse
i didn't like this
do not spend this money if your skin is sensitive
i do not recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin
just stop yourself now before you spend that kind if money
this just isn't it for us sensitive people
i guess i'm going to stay away from murad.
didn't give me a more even skintone like it says
i could find something for $10 instead of $40 probably
i don't recommend you do that if you have sensitive skin cause i did that
it does make my face really soft afterwards
i don't think it took all my makeup off either.
this stuff doesn't take off eye make up well at all
couldn't get it off
did not like this at all
that never happens to me
i didn't change anything else in my daily routine
it just doesn't work for me
i don't recommend this product at all
make sure that this product is right for your skin type
didn't see it really helping with my break outs
don't think i'll ever try it again
f you try this
won't be buying again because it will all spill out if you don't close the cap
i really wanted to see if this cleanser would work
id have to say it goes a long way i've had my bottle for 4 months
this didn't help one bit :(
i didn't see any results
it did wonders for my skin type
this did nothing for it
i don't recommend it!
don't know if its the packaging or what
i really needed something to clear up my acne
so far i like it!
see if it gets any better
asked them what they recommend
when i told them i was using this they told me to stop because my skin type wasn't meant for this product
make sure this is the right product for you!
this didn't make me break out per say.
this product did not agree with it
decided to give it a try
think that i am going to stop using it cuz my skin couldnt be worse
you may want to skip on this product
really tried not to over-do it
i wouldn't say it doesn't work
i am likely to try something different once it's all gone
it didn't really do anything to help with my acne
doesn't do what it says
unfortunately, this is not it.
the claim that it's good under makeup did not work for me
this did nothing for me.
i don't usually write negative reviews
don't waste your money on this one
it doesn't work at all
it doesn't really do anything for my lines
maybe i need to use the whole container before i see anything
it not only doesn't do anything close to what they claim
couldnt have been more wrong
i agree with other reviewers that this product does not live up to its hype
i so wish i could go back in time
which i didn't mind per say
that said, it did take off all the makeup for me.
there just isn't anything special about it
do not like it at all
you can get better things for cheaper
i don't feel like this cleans as well as i'd like either
the bad thing is there not a lot of product for how much you're spending
you cannot use it on your eyes
the scent is okay-could take it or leave it.
or something like that
i don't see any real benefits to this product
doesn't really do that
i think that the price is just way too outrageous for how little product you get
even if you are buying it to use as a hydrating mask i still don't think it's worth the money
after using it as a mask i don't feel like it really does anything super spectacular for my skin
for $50 i expect it to
this is just too expensive for what it does.
i will start by saying this product did not break me out
i could let this sit on my face for a while
i will never give it up
i won't use this again.
don't spend your money.
what you're really paying for is the nars br
it did nothing for my face
i do not think it is worth it at all
i mean just by itself
maybe it just didn't work for my skin type.
i would definitely try before you buy
i don't like to use this under foundation at all.
i do like to use this alone on no makeup days.
i really like what it does to my skin
i didn't have any breakouts the next day either
t helps give you that "glow" that some people like
that may not be what everyone wants
maybe not for everyone
doesn't feel like it does any "lifting."
do not get this if you are oily unless you want a bunch of pimples on your face
in fact actually made it feel dryer--that's the last thing i need
it doesn't work anyway waste of money
doesn't help me at all
don't buy this if you can relate to my situation
i did not like the consistency on my face
"i might give this a try
i just wanted to indulge in it all the time.
hopefully, it'll get better?
it does feel nice when you first apply
no matter how much i tried to wash it off it just wouldn't budge
you have to press hard
i didn't see a difference
shame on you omorovicza for charging so much for a bad product
i did not feel like it was a truly effective cleanser
your skin will love you for it
if you want a cleanser that is just as good
so what is the point of this product or ridiculous price tag if it does not do its job?
don't waste your money or time trying this.
i didn't really know what to expect since this is my first "melting" cleanser
it's one of those luxury gifts you give to you yourself
if you want to choose a luxurious treat for your face then splurge on this
my skin did not really feel any different.
