i love a rich hydrating moisture
at first it felt very hydrating
it does a much better job hydrating my skin
which i've found are a lot more moisturizing
the texture is more like a gel cream
while it was ok at moisturizing
it does a great job at hydrating--great for dry
it was very hydrating tbh
while i found that it was very hydrating
it feels like aloe vera gel.
like to use a hydrating serum followed by a light moisturizer to keep my dry
almost all non-gel moisturizers clog my pores
it markets as a hydrating serum
i don't find it overly hydrating at all
going back to my vichy hydrating serum
it has the texture of a gel
i think it is moisturizing.
its not irritating and hydrating.
intensely hydrating though a little bit greasy
i think it's not as hydrating as other serums
i need another more moisturizing product over it
moisturizes really well and calms redness.
it was super hydrating
felt moisturizing around my eyes
it did not have a hydrating nor brightening effect
it moisturizes well at first
while it is really moisturizing
this eye cream is really hydrating
it moisturizes my under eye
very hydrating on my eyes
it feels like it may be hydrating my skin
it did moisturize my skin.
i also feel like this is less moisturizing than the other cream
this was not very moisturizing
if you want something hydrating
tried this product to help moisturize
the formula is definitely hydrating
as a facial cream, it is not hydrating enough.
when do you moisturize?
even with a moisturizer it is extremely drying
dry enough that i had to start using a hydrating cream fo extremely dry skin to repair the damage
the texture of this cleanser is very creamy
this is a good moisturizer for extremely dehydrated skin
it did moisturize though
i find this lotion to definitely be moisturizing
i am not a huge fan of physical exfoliation
it does not exfoliate enough for me
for a cleanser that claims to be lightly hydrating
i would like something more exfoliating.
between the too dry to moisturize
decently hydrating for the winter months
i also was under the impression this would be exfoliating
i gave it two stars because it is moisturizing
it does it's job to moisturize intensely dry patches of skin
if it wasn't for that it's hydrating
then a moisturizing cream after washing my face at night
i love facial oils!
it doesn't moisturize at all
it's not very hydrating
hydrating product on my extremely dry skin sounded amazing
moisturizing when it goes on
moisturizing feeling does not last
i just recently started moisturizing due to almost being 30
this lotion was not moisturizing enough to compensate for how dry the cleanser made my skin
way to harsh for a facial lotion
smooth moisturizes my face
it does not moisturize skin
it is a good lightweight moisturizer that absorbs quickly
its not very hydrating though
the only changes i have seen is with hydrating masks
which any hydrating toner will also do
if you use hydrating masks
i need a cleanser that helps moisturizing my face
it cleanses the skin well
it moisturizes my skin at the first 10min
step 1 isn't moisturizing at all
it's basically eye cream that's not even moisturizing
not healing the dryness
however it works well as a smoothing/hydrating primer underneath my foundation
doesnt moisturize or hydrate as much as youd think
for something that claims to moisturize dry
it doesn't feel very moisturizing at all
this moisturizer definitely moisturizes
she raved that it was super moisturizing
not hydrating at all
not because it was actually moisturizing
this product is a great face cream for its moisturizing
it moisturizes well for the summer
it truly is hydrating
this was just not hydrating enough for me
this eye gel just hydrates
its in fact just a simple moisturizing gel.
maybe hydrates more than a normal moisturizer
this is a super light moisturizer that absorbs well
the texture of the gel was very luxurious
not the least bit moisturizing
moisturizing thanks to the gel texture
the only cream that has effectively moisturized
i reallyyyyy loved how moisturizing this is
the pros of this product are that it really hydrates
it was definitely moisturizing
the hydrating lotion in the bottle does hydrate my skin without being greasy
i really liked the smooth texture of the hydrating lotion as it helps even out my skin tone as well as help moisturizes prior to applying anything on top
the hydrating lotion is one of my favorite products
the product was very hydrating
it would be a bit redundant to put on even more hydrating lotion
i like the moisturizing lotion
the lotion makes the skin very glowy
this isn't moisturizing enough
i don't even find this to be very moisturizing
it felt moisturizing and smelled good.
it feels very moisturizing, but not greasy.
i don't feel like it's the most hydrating cream i've used
not before trying other hydrating creams first
it is quite hydrating
i typically like gel moisturizers
even tho it now hydrates my skin pretty well
it feels way more moisturizing
at first i thought it was very hydrating
the serum claims to provide long-lasting hydration
have liked it--it's moisturizing
thought it was supposed to moisturize my skin
however, it is not moisturizing enough.
it does not feel hydrating at all
i think people with oilier skin would enjoy this because the hydrating effect is very very subtle
also hydrate the dryness
i've used gel moisturizers i love
2 stars because it does hydrate my skin due to its gel like texture
not as hydrating as i hoped
it is not moisturizing enough to replace your daily moisturizer
it has a gel texture
very sticky texture, not really moisturizing.
this isn't moisturizing enough
even if i mix it with a moisturizing face oil
hydrates my dry patches
yes it moisturizes well as a light day cream
would moisturize my combo dry/oily
although it is fairly moisturizing
it is overly fragranced
does not feel hydrating at all
it wasn't very hydrating which i prefer with my normal-combo skin
the eye cream is moisturizing
not hydrating at all and made my skin breakout.
very lightweight and almost gel-like.
t doesn't really moisturize it well
it's not very moisturizing
not richly moisturizing for my super dry skin girls
meaning it should be decently hydrating
will be purchasing something that feels more hydrating on the skin
does a decent job of hydrating
it's not particularly moisturizing
it is thicker and not as moisturizing.
this is a very strongly fragranced day cream with spf 20
very moisturizing for my chronically dry skin
this is not very moisturizing
i don't find this serum very moisturizing
isn't helpful in hydrating my very dry skin as it is too light weight
i didn't see enough moisturizing benefits to keep this moisturizer
it isn't super duper moisturizing though.
i like to use it between moisturizing /washing
did not feel moisturizing.
for a "moisturizer" it's awfully drying.
ing how this is hydrating at all?
it's not that moisturizing
this is so not moisturizing that it's insulting to moisturizers
it doesn't really feel hydrating
it feels exactly like the other "hydrating" face lotion
is not nearly hydrating enough for
not so moisturizing cousin
however it is not hydrating at all
as far as moisturizing
their moisturizing toner is fantastic
first impression was quite hydrating
leave skin hydrating for the whole night
it's not very hydrating
this product is not moisturizing nor hydrating for me
most of all it wasnt hydrating enough for me nor replenishing
hydrating moisturizer with some extra benefits to put on over serums
didn't cool or moisturize my skin.
i like how hydrating
it is not very hydrating
it doesn't moisturize at all.
this is a cooling balm
it doesn't seem to moisturize the eye area at all
the product does an ok job of moisturizing
i found it pretty hydrating which was nice
this lotion is very lightweight
doesn't really feel moisturizing
it didn't really moisturize very much.
it really did moisturize well
it was alright as a moisturizing serum
moisturizing without feeling heavy
it's a gel texture that does not feel particularly hydrating
it seemed based on the thick texture that it would be moisturizing
definitely hydrating without the grease
while it did moisturize
jojoba oil works way better!
does a decent job of hydrating
all this serum does is moisturize.
this product is a good eye cream for hydration.
it is moisturize tho.
the cream had no moisturizing nor brightening properties
it is quite hydrating with a glow
it does moisturize my skin
even though this moisturizer was very hydrating it clogged my pores
initially i really enjoyed this cream as it is very moisturizing
i also don't really notice it being that moisturizing
this cream definitely hydrates
very hydrating but slightly greasy.
it is not super hydrating though
not very moisturizing just luminous
the gel texture is not something i'm used to.
it's an exfoliating scrub
my so prefers physical exfoliation
it doesn't matter how gentle an exfoliator is
it's still an exfoliator.
it's a nice cleanser and gently exfoliates.
i like the slight exfoliation
the new rose hydrating serum
secondly it wasn't moisturizing at all
while this cream was moisturizing
not only is this not very hydrating
find a different moisturizing primer
this product did the opposite of moisturizing
not moisturizing or mattyfing for me.
it has pretty decent hydrating qualities
i did not find it moisturizing at all
it doesn't moisturize either.
personally i don't find this moisturizer actually moisturizing
i liked the texture of it although it didn't feel at all moisturizing
well it does moisturize.
it does not moisturize at all.
it is just moisturizing
i didn't see any real moisturizing effects or
less expensive moisturizers with collagen that i much prefer to this
it definitely moisturizes my dry patches.
it seems to do a good job moisturizing
not its moisturizing properties
this moisturizer does not hydrate your skin at all
this gel is very sticky
it does a good job of moisturizing
while i like how hydrating it is
it was really more detoxifying than anything
this is suppose to be hydrating because of the oils in the mask
i will say it's hydrating i just prefer a little foam
it wasn't hydrating enough for me.
i am liking the gel water moisturizers i have been using
turned out it was hydrating
this product moisturizes pretty well
as far as the moisturizing
this doesn't moisturize, period.
i like liquid moisturizers and serums.
did not feel moisturizing
this moisturizer is super lightweight
not only is this not moisturizing at all
not very moisturizing but the spf is a plus.
has zero moisturizing power.
not moisturizing at all
it's more mattifying than moisturizing
does not moisturize well
i need a moisturizer that actually moisturizes
it's not a moisturizer because it does not hydrate your skin
i cannot see this as a hydrating product
it did moisturize well
love the firming moisturizing
it is not particularly moisturizing
it's not moisturizing at all
thick, heavy, not moisturizing.
it also didn't feel hydrating.
while i have found to to be very hydrating
i recommend following it with something extra moisturizing
it was slightly hydrating
its not as moisturizing as i like my moisturizers to be
the scent was really strong that even if i applied my other facial moisturizing cream
it works more on illuminating than hydrating
which feels more gel than lotion
have been enjoying the restorative eye cream
my skin can be sensitive which is why i usually stick with renewing moisturizing masks
it is not hydrating at all
while the product is very moisturizing
the product was very hydrating at first
it also doesn't feel hydrating
this did not feel moisturizing at all on my oily skin
it didn't moisturize at all.
it hydrates the skin and that's it.
it did not feel moisturizing to my skin
the moisturizer isn't hydrating enough
this couldn't even hydrate the delicate undereye skin
didn't seem very hydrating
this product has many great ingredients that are very moisturizing for those with dry skin
on my eyes is only hydrating
it does a nice job of moisturizing the eye area
this cream is fantastic for moisturizing
not as moisturizing as the yellow bottle
it wasn't super moisturizing
it also does not feel very moisturizing
even after i moisturize
i don't find it particularly moisturizing
the only issue i have with this is it's too moisturizing for my combo/oily skin
i didn't find this particularly moisturizing
i don't feel it is amazing at moisturizing my skin
just not moisturizing enough.
it felt very hydrating on my skin
although it was very moisturizing
is often used as a natural moisturizing agent for the skin
it absorbs quickly, and is somewhat hydrating.
this cream was super hydrating
smooth almost gel creme like
t is not very moisturizing considering it is a moisturizer
almost like it was exfoliating my skin.
it's just too gentle of an exfoliation for me
not as hydrating as you would expect from washing with oil
it's great for exfoliating
the rice powder does exfoliate
the rice powder exfoliate is a good compliment to the oil
it's lightweight but still super moisturizing.
it doesn't really feel moisturizing at all.
i love thick moisturizing creams
the moisturizing makes my skin so oily during the day
i prefers light weight cooling moisturizers
so this definitely hydrates it
it is moisturizing for sure.
it's really not doing much than moisturizing
it is moisturizing and wears well under make up.
i expected a creamy cleanser that was hydrating based on previous reviews
i really didn't find it all that moisturizing
it's not even that moisturizing is light
it isn't moisturizing at all
while the formula is very hydrating
also not very moisturizing at all.
i love the moisturizing aspect of it
was not hydrating or moisturizing at all.
it didn't moisturize my skin at all
it was not moisturizing whatsoever
it's not moisturizing and it's streaky too.
the dewy moisturizing look does not last all day.
while it does a nice job of moisturizing
it is not hydrating like the claims say
didnt find it hydrating or moisturizing at all
my initial thoughts are that it's moisturizing
it is a very hydrating cream
it's a decent eye cream as far as hydrating goes
it did a decent job moisturizing the area though.
it hydrates well and goes on smooth.
i would say it does a good job of moisturizing dry skin
i did not see any hydrating effect
just use a hydrating cream before applying this balm
they say use white bottle as a moisturizing primer
this is a hydrating moisturizer.
this stuff is neither firming nor moisturizing.
this is not moisturizing, either.
not moisturizing at all.
it moisturizes without being greasy
i didn't find it hydrating enough
has that silicone/primer texture
definitely hydrates my skin
i think the product works well as far as priming/moisturizing
it smells amazing and it's very moisturizing!
i just want a good moisturizing primer
i love how this moisturizes the skin
it gives me a hydrating glow
is not very moisturizing or noticeably brightening
as this product on its own is not hydrating enough for my dry skin
after exfoliating my skin can get a bit flaky
the smooth skin was partially from me using a exfoliating tool with yuzu
while it did exfoliate some
this mask did exfoliate my skin
not hydrating at all
i also didn't find it very moisturizing
i need a moisturizing lotion
while it was super moisturizing
its definitely hydrating and smells amazing.
the product is moisturizing
this was not moisturizing at all
does not moisturize as well as promised
it feels gel like
instead of moisturizing my skin it seemed to just make it oily
love how hydrating yet light weight it is
did not moisturize or hydrate my skin any better than the products i'm currently using
this product isn't moisturizing enough for me
it didn't moisturize my skin much at all
it wasn't moisturizing even though i have oily skin
try it after exfoliating my skin
it made my usual hydrating makeup look extremely cakey
too thick yet not moisturizing
it's heavier than the dramatically different moisturizing gel i was use to
it didn't exfoliate for me.
not moisturizing at all
not moisturizing at all
the product is not hydrating
the product is a gel
it's not hydrating at all and i have normal skin.
it is not enough moisturizing for my super dry skin
even after exfoliating my skin
however it is not moisturizing at all
its not hydrating at all
i feel like the argan oil is more moisturizing
i typically use the argan oil light to moisturize my face
i like that it is moisturizing
which is moisturizes for a few hours
it is very hydrating
while this is moisturizing
it's so heavy without being moisturizing.
cons-not hydrating enough for dry skin.
it's not quite moisturizing enough for my super dry spots
i would not characterize it as hydrating
i would not call it hydrating at all.
this is a rich highly moisturizing cream
toning my facial skin
not as moisturizing or luxurious
it is very moisturizing
this is very moisturizing so those with dry skin will like this
this contains some great emollients.
this is not a primer so don't expect a moisturizing product
this is a fine eye gel for hydrating your eyes.
i will say it is hydrating
also prefer something more hydrating
it is very moisturizing
i'd say there's nothing special about this hydrating serum
i didn't gain any moisturizing properties
it's not as hydrating as i expected
it is pretty hydrating
this product was very hydrating
unfortunately it is not hydrating enough
i don't find that it is moisturizing enough for my combination skin
this hydrator is lightweight
the product is hydrating
this cream is hydrating
creamy lotion that seemed to hydrate pretty well
just felt like it needed a little more moisturizing power
does a fair job of moisturizing
very lightweight eye cream
there are facial oils more moisturizing than this that won't make you break out
i need a primer that hydrates this doesn't
it's not hydrating as it says to be.
not hydrating, which was a problem for me.
it's not terribly moisturizing
not nearly as moisturizing as the discontinued products
the spf 25 moisturizer was hydrating
this creme hydrating my skin beautifully
i read reviews on the hydration sorbet creme
it did exfoliate well
it did exfoliate my face
this was a great exfoliating mask
this product is not moisturizing enough
i feel like it actually hydrates my skin
this product isn't even really moisturizing
the mask it self hydrating to earn three stars.
hydrates as much as a heavy lotion
i needed a water based product that would moisturize my skin on its dry days
this was not very hydrating for me at all
it moisturizes my skin pretty well
although it is moisturizing
hydrates the dry areas of my cheeks incredibly well
it does do a good job of moisturizing
the matching serum helped moisturize
it definitely is moisturizing
was not moisturizing enough at all
not moisturizing enough for me to wear it at night
it is somewhat hydrating
dry my normally very oily face skin out until i had to resort to a hydrating oil
the exfoliating mask is great
the exfoliation my skin definitely feels great after one use
not a good exfoliator at all
i need mega hydration in a night moisturizer/ mask serum to achieve glowy
this is a nice hydrating mask.
this simply was not hydrating enough even when combined with a moisturizer
this serum is not hydrating at all
while this is a hydrating
it was a little moisturizing
this did moisturize my skin
instead of a hydrating sleep mask
it didn't moisturize my skin enough
the cream is very lightweight
its extremely moisturizing and hydrating.
3 stars because it is hydrating
it stopped hydrating my skin well
i wouldn't say it was hydrating or moisturizing
i did notice it did a great job moisturizing my skin
it was nice for moisturizing though.
i think it did help moisturize
silky hydrating eye serum featuring hyaluronic acid
feel good in combination with a moisturizing eye cream because absorbs quickly without drying
i did find this product to be hydrating.
it feels like gel serum consistency
i feel it is hydrating
claims to be a "cooling gel"
this product did not moisturize my skin at all.
its a very hydrating mask
this eye cream is good for moisture
while it is moisturizing
it wasn't hydrating at all.
this eye gel is definitely hydrating
it does moisturize the skin
it does an ok job of moisturizing my dry skin.
the cream is hydrating
i'd rather use a more exfoliating product
this is not moisturizing at all.
at first it was okay it wasn't super moisturizing
it did moisturize my skin
yeah it gives some moisturization
was hoping it would moisturize
it does not moisturize well
did not moisturize my skin.
doesn't do much in way of moisturizing those areas
it is not hydrating or moisturizing enough at all
didn't moisturize me at all
it's not moisturizing at all
the 3rd one is beeswax which is a non-breathable ingredient
this is deeply moisturizing product.
it does moisturize well, however.
not so moisturizing, feeling dry after.
it was very moisturizing
the product moisturizes my skin
it also doesn't moisturize my skin.
hydrating on my skin
it doesn't moisturize well.
it hydrates my skin well.
good moisturizer, absorbs fast & smells good.
the moisturizer is great in that it is moisturizing
i found this product was not worth the hype--definitely moisturizing
however, it is barely hydrating at all.
it has very little emollients
moisturizers that also have spf
it just wasn't moisturizing enough for me in the winter
it does not moisturize the same
the retinol isn't abrasive or drying for me at all
i like this product for its moisturizing properties for my oily skin
feels hydrating when first applied
this one did not moisturize enough
it's not moisturizing enough for me
i dont think its hydrating
it barely felt moisturizing
this eye gel hydrates the eye area well.
it hydrates just fine
does a decent job of moisturizing
a light gel-cream texture
moisturizing toner so wanted to have a moisturizer in the same br
moisturizing when you apply it
lotion/milk textured based product
it feels like a milky gel
i knew topical gel moisturizers were drying
very gentle acne gel
it's also very hydrating.
one star because it's moisturizing
boscia's eye treatment is hydrating
this gel cream has a very silky
i find it moisturizing
it helped moisturize my eye area
it does moisturize the area well.
not as moisturizing as i would like.
i think this cream can be used as a prevention since it's hydrating
it isn't moisturizing enough
this product is great for moisturizing
it's a good evening moisturizer in terms of hydration
not the best it did moisturize
this cream is lightweight and moisturizing.
something really moisturizing for the upcoming cold season
it doesn't do much to moisturize my skin
my skin was dry in a scaly way that exfoliating
it does not moisturize
hydrates skin very well
exfoliate my face prior to applying
most pore serums are formulated for people with oily skin
the lotion feels soft
this is just too moisturizing
it doesn't moisturize like a moisturizer should
isn't as hydrating as i would like it to be
once i tried it religiously for 2 weeks it was not very hydrating
it does moisturize pretty well
the hydrating part is not enough
it hydrates under my concealer
i suppose this is hydrating to the skin at night.
it seems to moisturize my eye area.
not foamy or exfoliating.
was told this is better for combo oily skin type as the milk is more hydrating for drier skin types
it is moisturizing and gentle.
i can't speak for the moisturizing properties of this product
the moisturizing properties are not there
it sits on top of your skin without moisturizing
it's super sticky not even moisturizing or matte
didn't see many hydrating results
i loved the moisturizing sorbet that paired with this serum
the serum is super hydrating
even with the moisturizing sorbet
it felt nice going on after my toner as a serum since it was very moisturizing
i still want to try the vinosource moisturizing sorbet
it didn't feel like it was exfoliating at all.
the gel is light
this gel is very lightweight
i can honestly say it is hydrating
i can find hydrating
moisturizing creams for cheaper than $83
it was not especially moisturizing
not really that moisturizing
it is not hydrating at all
it sure was moisturizing
not very moisturizing, not 'brightening'.
yes it does moisturize
it doesn't really moisturize
then moisturize with something that is smoothing
a denser hydrating cream at night
the moisturizing cream works great
t skincare for my extremely sensitive
this wasn't moisturizing enough for my face
this cream is very greasy
not unlike the feel of aloe vera gel
i found it not as hydrating as claimed
or natural aloe vera or herbal fruits masks or drinking more water was reducing the dryness
heavy fragrance and not heavy moisturizing
is very good at moisturizing
overall it does moisturize
have to use a very drying medicated cream at night
found that a good moisturizer doesn't have to be thick to be hydrating
will continue using until it finishes because it feels so moisturizing
the good: it moisturizes well
this moisturizer is too thick for oily skin
doesn't moisturize very good
it has no moisturizing benefits at all.
moisturizing daytime lotion that is botanically based
i do like the exfoliating beads.
while i love the moisture this lotion provides
it seemed drying rather than moisturizing
bobbi brown tinted moisturizing balm
as described it's a very moisturizing eye cream
the cream moisturizes well
drying product no sign of being a balm or moisturizing
it's not hydrating enough
this product was moisturizing
reassurance that it's moisturizing etc
it is very moisturizing so there's that
this product is very hydrating to the under eye
it wasn't moisturizing enough for my eye area
it's quite emollient to the skin
no moisturizing properties at all.
isn't a strong enough exfoliation that i can skin a more granulated scrub
only the aloe is less expensive
it is made of aloe
it is moisturizing for a bit
it proved to be just another moisturizing cream
hydrates for a long period of time
not sure moisturizing as the sephora rep said
i believe it was slightly hydrating
not hydrating at all
this cream does hydrate well
it is very hydrating
it did little to moisturize
doesn't actually moisturize my skin deeply
you think hydrating & creamy.
not at all hydrating
this product is immediately hydrating
it was moisturizing without being greasy
it felt a little gooey although moisturizing afterwards
is not moisturizing at all
so you think it would be moisturizing
the moisturizer is "very drying"
it moisturizes fairly well
not soothing or moisturizing
this cream was not emollient
moisturizing cream to help diminish the look of fine lines
moisturizing is the key word
because it moisturizes the area
they also contain a " retinol " to help exfoliate
they also moisturize to help with dark circles
he said it didn't seem moisturizing
this moisturizer has a mineral oil
i feel the product still moisturizing my eyes
it's not very moisturizing
hydrating around the eye
is very moisturizing though
moisturizing without being heavy
more like anti moisturizing.
it did moisturize a bit
it works pretty good at hydrating the skin
hydrates but that's about it.
it felt really moisturizing at first
i've used other creams before that truly felt moisturizing
it is very moisturizing.
i think it is just for hydrating
i would say mostly for hydrating the under-eye
was not moisturizing enough.
hydrating for dry skin around the eyes
i found that it did a good job of moisturizing the area
i found it to be far less effective/moisturizing.
has little moisturizing effect
nothing special about the moisturizing ability.
all this and it's very moisturizing as well.
the first time i used this moisturizing gel i loved it
without actually hydrating it
this cream is decent for hydrating
go for the clinique moisturizing cream over the gel formula
my skin flakes with this moisturizing gel.
this mask is fairly hydrating
i don't even feel it to be hydrating
it has a hydrating gel consistency
it was not moisturizing enough for my dry/combo skin
i wanted to purchase a product with spf that also helps with hydrating myskin from the dryness due to chlorine
it was very hydrating
this moisturizer hydrates well without being greasy
found it to not be hydrating at all
it didn't seem to moisturize my skin at all
this eye cream has dimethicone
i don't find it hydrating enough
it is a hydrating cream, though.
t does nothing in the way of moisturizing
it also isn't moisturizing at all.
it wasn't moisturizing enough for me
i don't feel that it's hydrating at all.
i don't even really feel that it is moisturizing
i typically like exfoliating washes
if it were a bit more exfoliating
it was not hydrating at all.
not good for exfoliating
it took me about 3 nights of heavy hydrating with josie's argan oil
this product was not moisturizing enough for my under eye area
it seems to be not very moisturizing
it did not moisturize the skin as well as i expected
this product helped moisturize my skin
hydrating, but more on the oily side.
this does feel very moisturizing
the korres is not as moisturizing
with all of the antioxidants
this product is mattifying
it is real waxy, not moisturizing.
it will moisturize it in winter time
it did a great job moisturizing in the winter
deeply hydrating night cream
for the price i would like a little more moisturizing benefits
not moisturizing at all.
while this does moisturize my skin
it's moisturizing so that may be a plus for some people
this cream didn't feel moisturizing to me at all
moisturize my face better than regular creams for dry skin
not moisturizing enough for my dry skin.
it only moisturizes my neck
this emulsion feels very sticky
revitalizing emulsion does not provide enough moisture
although it is very moisturizing
i gave it two stars because it hydrates my dry skin
seems to be very hydrating
t may be a good moisturizing
it was however moisturizing
although i will say it is pretty hydrating
you can find so many other equally hydrating cremes for a much more reasonable price
it was quite hydrating
this works well for hydrating my skin
this product doesn't even help with moisturizing
wasn't moisturizing enough for me.
'm not sure it was actually moisturizing
it is a gel like
it doesn't feel like it really moisturizes.
also not moisturizing enough for my skin.
i need something moisturizing
not too moisturizing since i'm oily combination
i cannot deny that this is moisturizing for my skin
it wasn't very moisturizing, obviously.
it is a very rich cream
this cleanser feels great as it is creamy
it is not moisturizing
i used this as a moisturizing/spf base
its not moisturizing enough
not to mention it doesn't feel moisturizing at all
it is not moisturizing at all.
it doesnt moisturize at all.
the cream is very smoothing
not really as moisturizing as i was expecting for this dry winter
it's rich and moisturizing for the winter though.
it is very moisturizing which i do love
i think it's great at moisturizing
i agree that it is good for moisturizing
moisturizes but thats about it.
i only gave it two stars because it is hydrating.
in all honestly, it isn't even that hydrating.
moisturizing the eye area well though
was moisturizing but that was it.
this product does not moisturize at all.
it's an ok eye cream because i still find it hydrating
nice light low-lathering gel texture
the ren matte balancing fluid because of the natural ingredients
i found this product to be "hydrating"
this cleanser is creamy
has no moisturizing effect
this cream did not hydrate my skin at all
this product was not moisturizing enough for my skin
it' not moisturizing enough for night
pros: the cream was very moisturizing
i believe the micro exfoliating is too mild for it
it was very liquidity with no exfoliating particles at all
was gentle enough to use every day for exfoliating
exfoliates too much on my skin
nothing exfoliating about it.
i didn't moisturize my skin either
i asked for a product that was very exfoliating
exfoliating yet gentle as it claims
i love the idea of a mild exfoliation
i like my exfoliating products a little thicker in texture
this exfoliating wash was way too harsh for my skin
this was definitely not moisturizing enough for me
this was definitely not moisturizing enough for me
i didnt find it particularly moisturizing
doesn't seem to actually moisturize my face
this moisturizer isn't very moisturizing at all
it's not moisturizing enough
if you also need a hydrating eye cream
this cream is not at all rich/moisturizing enough
which is very moisturizing
this moisturizer does not moisturize at all
it really was not moisturizing at all
its not as moisturizing as i thought
it also doesn't moisturize very well at all?
in my case it's not enough hydrating
it was not moisturizing at all
had to supplement with a more moisturizing lotion for my face
nothing that a hydrating moisturizer cannot do
this gel made my skin oily
moisturizing is not the word to describe it
make it feel like it was exfoliating a bit
i think i'd like something creamier/more moisturizing
it was lightly hydrating
did not seem to notice the exfoliating effects
to be honest it was not hydrating at all for a nighttime moisturizer
it really moisturize the skin that all it dose
did not even feel very moisturizing
it also did not exfoliate my skin
the cream is very rich
retin-a is very drying
it moisturizes adequately well
it hydrates my skin.
i love love love this moisturizer because it hydrates my skin perfectly
it's ok for moisturizing the skin
however this daily cream wasn't moisturizing enough for my super dry skin
this lotion was hydrating
back to dramatically different moisturizing gel
as someone with dry skin i liked that this product was hydrating
this moisturizer also felt cooling
very hydrating but too heavy and greasy feeling.
t isn't rich enough to moisturize my very
very hydrating but a bit greasy.
make sure to moisturize after
as far as the exfoliating factor goes
i feel like i could easily get the same "exfoliating" effect with a gentle exfoliating cleanser
for rigth now its just like a simple exfoliation benefits
this one wasn't moisturizing enough
it seems to be a little bit moisturizing
i gave it 2 stars because it's moisturizing
this product is very hydrating
not as moisturizing as i liked
i found it not as moisturizing as other eye creams i've tried
it's not very moisturizing either.
i mean its moisturizing ill give it that
it is very hydrating
this eye cream is not moisturizing enough.
it moisturizes and that's about all.
it feels so moisturizing going on but that's it.
i returned this lotion because it was not hydrating at all
the cream cause my skin to micro exfoliate
it's not very moisturizing.
2- doesnt provide a deeply moisturizer for dry skin
4- its over over overpriced for a moisturizer that doesnt moisturize
this moisturizer was super hydrating
it does moisturize nicely
the cream did moisturize throughout the night
i don't find it very moisturizing
it doesn't feel like it hydrates any better than other moisturizers i have tried
this moisturizer was hydrating
didn't feel as moisturizing on my skin as other moisturizers
it did not moisturize
not very moisturizing for me.
this product hydrates around the eye
it is just not hydrating enough.
it is very moisturizing
i like this product it was very moisturizing.
it did moisturize my skin
i've used much less expensive creams that feel much more amazing as far as moisturizing
i do not feel it is hydrating when applied.
did nothing to moisturize my skin
the esthetician said my skin was extremely dry
this is energizing on the skin
exfoliating wash at night
while it does a fine job of moisturizing
it does not moisturize enough
loved the lightness except that it's not moisturizing enough
ren's ultra-moisture day cream is not formulated for oily skin
it really helps with moisturizing
it is not as moisturizing as i would like it to be
it does moisturize really well
this product doesn't give me enough moisturizing
it was not hydrating
doesn't feel hydrating at all
sephora employee recommended as the most hydrating
this cream doesn't moisturize well enough
i didn't feel this was hydrating enough
it's not moisturizing enough
this is not a very moisturizing product.
commitment to clean bioactive skin care
i like how this moisturizes my face well-
i wouldn't say its super hydrating for them.
i can't speak to any collagen boosting benefits because the heaviness of this cream
or algenist regenerative anti-aging moisturizer might have been better
it is a very nice, rich, moisturizing cream.
while it moisturizes very nicely
it moisturizes my sensitive skin
it's a nice moisturizing face cream
the product did nothing on my skin but hydrating.
i really don't feel this product hydrates my skin
ultra moisturizing masks to try to repair the damage
despite the residue it doesn't even feel moisturizing
when it wasn't making my hair oily it did do some moisturizing
it didn't moisturize my skin
the only way i could use it was to layer another moisturizing serum
then spritz on some clean de-ionized water
i exfoliate three times a week
great hydration without oiliness
this serum didn't hydrate my skin at all
hyaluronic acid does hydrate
this did moisturize my skin
in fact even when using this product with a thick moisturizing cream my skin feels tight
i love the clinique moisturizers
this moisturize is very light weighty
my go-to for moisturizing my skin used to be l'occitane shea
'sadly' because it was great at moisturizing
does not moisturize enough
feel like it's more drying than moisturizing
was probably the oxybenzone.
this is ideal in the morning because it moisturizes intensely
wasn't even as moisturizing as some of my other eye creams
it does not moisturize at all.
moisturizing but took too long to absorbs.
isn't a moisturizer supposed to moisturize?
my goal is finding something that moisturizes
the cleanser was not quite moisturizing enough-- not drying
it just didn't moisturize at all
be very sensitive with other moisturizers
doesn't seem to be hydrating enough.
this moisturizer absorbs really quickly
too drying as an overall moisturizer
it is not a deep penetrating moisturizer
this cream is not for oily skin.
it's like an exfoliate for me.
doesn't moisturize dry skin or minimize lines.
it is definitely very moisturizing
it is very hydrating
this cream is moisturizing
it isn't very moisturizing either.
did not moisturize eye area at all
that doesn't feel like it moisturizes much
was not hydrating enough for me.
it hydrates and moisturizes too.
it does a good job of moisturizing my combination/oily skin
moisturizing for combination skin
it hydrates my dry skin
it wasn't hydrating enough for me.
it is gentle and very hydrating in my experience.
it does a good job moisturizing
this moisturizer smells natural
has about as much moisturizing as my oily skin can h
even after moisturizing several times
i moisturize right after cleansing
therefore defeats the purpose of moisturizing with this product
it doesn't feel smooth or hydrating
however, it did not moisturize!
it's not even that moisturizing.
it wasn't very moisturizing at all
this moisturizer still doesn't help in hydrating my skin or help control oil
hydrating/moisturizing your skin
oil-free moisturizers work just fine in providing hydration
it just wasn't moisturizing enough
i just wish it was more moisturizing.
ultimately it doesn't moisturize well
my skin was overly dried despite meticulous moisturizing
there are better moisturizers out there that are more hydrating than this
i am always on the hunt for a deeply hydrating moisturizer
it just wasn't moisturizing enough for my stressed out
just wish it was more moisturizing
more moisturizing products out there for the price
it wasn't as moisturizing as it should have been
it is very hydrating
the changed product isn't nearly as hydrating
it seems to moisturize okay
this did not feel moisturizing enough for my skin
it is light wight and not moisturizing enough.
so dry i was moisturizing up to 6 times per day
this serum felt very topical
it's very hydrating to my dry winter skin
too hydrating on my skin.
there are much better moisturizing products out there
moisturizing felling of when i first put it on
it was hydrating, but not extremely effective.
contains small exfoliating particles
love how hydrating they are for my dry skin
it was not moisturizing enough for me
it is very light but seems hydrating.
the lotion/gel is light
it's not moisturizing at all
the product was slightly moisturizing
it's not even moisturizing.
it was definitely moisturizing
this face lotion is very moisturizing
which is more emollient
it did moisturize well for the texture
this cream is terrific for hydrating and firming.
the cream is very moisturizing
as a moisturizing face cream, it's great.
it works well with my skin in that it moisturizes
the product itself works great for moisturizing
the cream is definitely moisturizing
i need to layer this with a more moisturizing cream
eye cream that would moisturize
it hydrates my eyes
really moisturizes my eyes
it is somewhat hydrating
it goes on very nicely, and is well hydrating.
it was good for moisturizing
it's not moisturizing at all
even tried layering a super moisturizing eye cream on top
he uses a very hydrating moisturizer
the eye serum is very cooling.
not has hydrating as i hoped.
this is not my idea of a serum it's more of a hydrating cream/serum
i didn't find it to be particularly moisturizing
in regards to hydrating skin, this does the job.
it feels very hydrating
i am always trying to find very hydrating lotion for my skin
this just wasn't moisturizing enough for my skin
not very moisturizing either.
the texture is definitely more like a moisturizing cream
this really has no moisturizing properties
this product is semi-moisturizing
very hydrating and light weight feel on the skin.
this was a nice hydrator
this product did moisturize my skin
the texture of this serum was great: felt cooling
not for mattifying oily skin
it's not very moisturizing
it seemed somewhat moisturizing
this product is also not very moisturizing
this is not moisturizing.
i don't feel it provided any deep moisturizing
this moisturizer is the consistency of hair conditioner
not lotions or moisturizers
is not very moisturizing
hydrating without being greasy
look for a more hydrating moisturizer
it really has no other features besides hydrating
i moisturize with this
it doesn't really moisturize much
the moisturizer is super lightweight
doesn't really moisturize that well
not moisturizing my dry patches on my nose
very cooling on the undereye
didn't expect this product to be moisturizing
i also didn't find it hydrating enough for combo dry skin
it felt not as moisturizing as other serums i have tried
also, it is moisturizing without being greasy.
as a cream specifically targeted for hydrating
find it not hydrating
does a fine job moisturizing
it's called the dior hydralife rehydrating mask it's less money
the “pro-youth hydrating serum
i don't find it hydrating enough
all it does is moisturize.
this eye cream is very hydrating
this is not very moisturizing
this undereye cream is great for moisturizing my undereye area
i feel like it's not hydrating enough
this product does a good job of hydrating my eye area with no irritation
seemed to be too moisturizing for my skin type
this product could be very hydrating
this product was not nearly moisturizing enough.
it is very moisturizing
it doesn't moisturize good enough for my winter skin either
i found the product more greasy than moisturizing
although, it was somewhat moisturizing.
it was very hydrating
it was not hydrating at all
just all around not that moisturizing
it wasn't moisturizing enough
i love how it felt on my skin: lightweight yet moisturizing
it didn't really moisturize that much.
i make sure to exfoliate
the stuff is moisturizing enough
hydrating, without being greasy at all.
it's also not moisturizing in anyway.
it did not moisturize skin
this new version is not nearly as moisturizing
it's just moisturizing my skin and that's it.
this product is hydrating
this product was not moisturizing enough
it does do a great job at moisturizing my skin
i used it for a hydrating night cream.
very hydrating for my dry skin
ok it moisturises well-enough
this really is moisturizing
the creme was hydrating
it did do a good job at moisturizing my very dry skin
it does t feel very moisturizing
a nice moisturizer from clinique is moisture surge
the gel like texture feels as indulgent as a serum
it moisturizes well enough
moisturizing properties of this product
not as hydrating as i thought it would be.
i feels moisturizing once it's applied.
a moisturizing sunscreen to keep my skin from flaking in the dry manhattan winter
is moisturizing for a bit
it wasn't very moisturizing
decided to try the hydrating face cream
this cream is definitely not hydrating enough/worth the hype
it didn't even moisturize my skin that much
it is really hydrating
it doesn't moisturize well at all
this face cream did basic moisturizing
moisturizing- as any moisturizer should be
no more hydrating than any other moisturizer!
it is lightweight and hydrating.
it's a basic hydrating eye cream
this wasn't hydrating enough
this product will moisturize your under eye area
it is a hydrating eye cream, but that's it.
bought this with hydrating face cream
it's no longer moisturizing enough
i love how hydrating this is.
any cream can be hydrating
a hydrating eye cream that will help prevent creasing too
it wasn't hydrating enough.
did an ok job hydrating
longer lasting hydrating effect
use eye creams for the moisturizing benefits
it did seem moisturizing
hydrating but very irritating to my eyes.
the moisturizing capability of the cream is on average
it is too emollient for me skin
shea is not good for oily skin
i don't feel the moisturizing benefits it claims to have
all this cream does is moisture.
yes it moisturizes nicely
which is great for moisturizing over night
it's super moisturizing but makes my eyes sting.
this product though, is very moisturizing.
it is more hydrating
fast-absorbing cream that moisturizes without being greasy
i like very hydrating moisturizers
this is a very lightweight moisturizer such that i don't feel as if it's providing me any hydrating
it's sort of a whipped moisturizing cream.
i need more moisturizing
this lotion is moisturizing
it has more avobenzone
the product is not very moisturizing
a sunlight activated lotion that offers spf
hydrates the eye area
could have done as much with aloe vera gel.
i've always been skeptical about cooling gels
this gel, though, delivers.
it just seems to almost exfoliate my skin
it is very moisturizing to the rest of my face.
it is affordable and hydrates well.
not moisturizing enough for me
i needed eye cream that was more hydrating for the winter
seems creamy and moisturizing to me.
although this hydrates my eye area just fine
it was very moisturizing
i still had to layer other more moisturizing eye creams over this
it's not very moisturizing.
it's not as moisturizing as i would like
not very hydrating and lines still show.
it felt very hydrating and i saw quick results.
did not moisturize my skin in the least!!
very moisturizing i may say
while it was hydrating
yes it is moisturizing
it is very hydrating
the salesperson at sephora kept raving about how moisturizing this eye gel was
while the eye gel was cooling
it's a ok hydrating eye cream.
the gel is definitely hydrating
this cream was overly fragranced
didn't do much for moisturizing my skin
considering the cost of the rejuvenating creme
the creme itself is pretty good: it really moisturizes
it was moisturizing and did smell nice.
i usually moisturize after this in the winter
i do enjoy many of clinique's facial serums
not moisturizing at all :
this did not moisturize my skin at all
i returned the product for something much more hydrating
it has dried my skin versus moisturizing.
there are much better hydrating moisturizers out there that improve the texture
didn't find this to be moisturizing at all.
and it is not very moisturizing.
too pricey for just moisturizing
the texture was very thick for a moisturizer
the product truly hydrates
it was not as hydrating as it looked
it is very moisturizing
it is moisturizing and generally ok though.
moisturizing so of course a little goes a long way
this is very moisturizing
it was moisturizing for me
i suspect this is because the product is not actually hydrating my skin
it's just average -it moisturizes
if someone needs a very hydrating cleanser this is your guy
not moisturizing enough for dry skin
the lotion texture is thin
i really like the way it moisturizes my face
i really like how it moisturizes
this did a really great job moisturizing
it's not oily and it does moisturize well.
although this product was moisturizing
it does not moisturize very well.
overall it is moisturizing
this was not as hydrating as i'm use to
yes it is moisturizing
really does moisturize well
did not find that it was moisturizing.
sure, it's moisturizing, but anything is really.
this eye cream just for moisturizing.
it is not very moisturizing either
it is hydrating though.
it's not moisturizing enough
it is hydrating though!
although it is moisturizing
doesn't even moisturize enough
i do like how hydrating it is
it doesn't even moisturize.
it is good at moisturizing
will finish the rest of the container because of the moisturizing
it's moisturizing but that's about it.
it is lightly moisturizing.
i love kate somerville cleansers and exfoliate.
it definitely had hydrating properties
it was acting as an exfoliator
i gave 2 stars for one reason: it hydrates well
this is a cold and hydrating eye cream.
at *best* i noticed a mild moisturizing effect
if you want something moisturizing
this cream does hydrate my undereyes
this eye cream was hydrating
it was moisturizing sure.
although the product is hydrating
didn't find it very moisturizing
this 5 in 1 didn't moisturize
this exfoliator was too rough.
how sensitive it is/how much exfoliation you need
the exfoliation isn't too harsh on my skin
making it impossible to use it to exfoliate
it is not very moisturizing nor does it tighten
it did seem to moisturize well
i feel that this eye cream is just a normal everyday hydrating eye cream
i don't feel like it's super moisturizing
i think this cream may be moisturizing because it reduces the creasing
this cream is very greasy
this product only offered light moisturization.
it was hydrating and absorbed really well.
not hydrating at all
one thing i've noticed is that it is very hydrating
not what i would call a very hydrating cream.
didn't moisturize at all
this does seem to moisturize well
the oily nature of the product is what makes it very moisturizing for your skin
it seems to moisturize well enough
so this sleeping mask does moisturize
it wasn't moisturizing enough
thought this product would moisturize my skin while adding radiance
it does a good job of moisturizing
while it definitely moisturizes my skin
that's not very helpful for hydrating the skin.
so you definitely have to moisturize afterwards.
i did notice my indereye moisturize
this is a good moisturizer for hydrating
it does moisturize your skin well
this moisturizer just wasn't moisturizing enough
purchased the first aid beauty ultra repair cream which is wayyy more moisturizing
i didn't find this to be moisturizing enough for me
its not hydrating enough for dry skin.
it was very moisturizing
it isn't as moisturizing as the 'belif moisturizing bomb' i used before using this product
this cream is so hydrating
i remember that one being so-so with moisturizing
i believe in moisturizing my skin well at night
i hardly have a moisturizing effect at all.
this did not feel moisturizing
it felt very hydrating
as a moisturizing night cream not my favorite product
the fact that it has antioxidants
it's very hydrating for my dry skin
just buy a hydrating mask.
absorbs pretty well and hydrates the skin.
also feels really moisturizing initially
pros: this cream is hydrating
hydrating eye cream that doesn't cause any damage
this eye cream is great for moisturizing my dry under eyes
this eye cream is moisturizing
which was super moisturizing
this eye cream is moisturizing
searching for a good eye cream for keeping my under hydrating especially under makeup
i needed to moisturize asap
giving away the other moisturizing ones
i think this is an average hydrating face mask.
it is very hydrating
this mask felt hydrating while on
this only feels like it is hydrating when it is on your skin
it's kind of hydrating though?
the texture is like a lotion
the pink exfoliating mask
light moisturizer for oily-skinned people
the gel itself was not the most hydrating
and i love this cooling, gel texture on my skin.
doesn't give much of a moisturizing feeling
this hydrating gel i went through in a month
it is hydrating if you have dry skin.
i like gel moisturizers because they absorb quickly
not at all moisturizing!
i don't find this moisturizing enough for me
especially in the winter months it is not hydrating enough
i do like how it hydrates
not moisturizing on combination skin
dry weather is hyaluronic acid with no additives which hydrates
it works as other serums to moisturize my skin
it definitely absorbs best if you use a hydrating water before applying
well it definitely is moisturizing
i normally use clinique moisture gel
it is mildly moisturizing
serums are not supposed to be used alone for moisturizing the face
prepped for the next moisturizing product
it wasn't drying, but wasn't moisturizing either.
i will say that this product is moisturizing
it was very moisturizing
wanted a firming and lifting moisture cream .
didn't even moisturize or firm
it doesn't even moisturize well
because this moisturizer is so lightweight yet intensive on the hydration front
didn't moisturise at all
it did moisturize well though
even though i like the creamy texture of the moisturizer
it does moisturize well
oily in the same areas even after exfoliation
did not moisturize the dry areas of my face
it does feel hydrating
this product is hydrating
not really moisturizing or special enough to be worth it
cold weater to moisturize your skin
it is very hydrating
i find it to be only slightly hydrating on my dry skin
super moisturizing but very heavily fragranced.
moisturizing on the skin
dark pigmentation or hydration
it certainly didn't moisturize my skin
this cream is hydrating
i prefer something thicker and more moisturizing.
this pricey product does not moisturize
i guess it hydrates okay
it does moisturize but the smell isn't the best.
it's done a fantastic job of hydrating my dry
it's not as moisturizing as i would like
i now use the multi-perfecting pore corrector gel moisturize by algenist
the serum was very moisturizing
this is decently moisturizing
it is not moisturizing either
it didn't really moisturize my skin
and lastly it was not moisturizing for dry skin.
this illuminating moisturizer has a decent hydrating effect
unfortunately it simply is not moisturizing enough for my dry skin
very tacky serum which didn't do anything to moisturize my dehydrated skin
unless your skin is on the dry side it is moisturizing enough
i prefer eye creams that are rich and cushiony.
this lotion has a very greasy feel
which i find just as hydrating
it is pretty hydrating
ultra-natural skincare routine
result:- it is not hydrating
unfortunately this treatment doesn't exfoliate my skin very well at all
so does the clinique gel moisturizer?
exfoliate while the pores are open
not the moisturizing cream for me.
the dramatically different moisturizing lotion
i think this is a very good moisturizing
sensitive skin-friendly retinol
moisturizing is an extremely important step in skincare
it did nothing for moisturizing
this moisturizer is very hydrating
my acne has cleared up by using a moisturizing face oil system
decided instead to use a regular hydrating moisturizer for my dry skin
cons: surprisingly greasy for an anti-acne moisturizer
it isn't hydrating at all even for my majorly oily skin
the product is so moisturizing
this moisturizer was very oily
it worked fine to moisturize
this moisturizer did hydrate well
it feels like it does moisturize
this is very moisturizing
it wasn't nearly moisturizing enough for my dry skin
the gel texture is thick, and feels cooling.
it did not moisturize
the gel is very sticky
went with the glycolic 10% hydrating gel instead.
this lotion-gel isn't always hydrating enough
it is not heavy yet moisturizing.
the moisturizer does moisturize
doesn't moisturize my winter dry patches at all
while it seemed to provide some moisturizing
i need products to be moisturizing to avoid wrinkles
it is a moisturizing serum
the texture is creamy and feels hydrating.
it haven't given me too much hydrating
which is a very effective formula to moisturize the skin
it is moisturizing, yes.
the oil itself is hydrating
it moisturizes the hair
i found that it worked beautifully to moisturize skin
i think the other fab creams do a better job of hydrating my skin
this wasn't "deeply hydrating" like this mask claims
it doesn't moisturize in the slightest
while it felt slightly moisturizing
this mask is supposed to be hydrating
moisturizing as i love some of the other products in the line
does help moisturize a bit
this mask isn't hydrating at all.
i did not find it soothing or hydrating.
but it has done nothing to moisturize my skin.
this moisturizer is lightweight yet moisturizing.
this product didn't moisturize enough for me
very moisturizing yet still very light on the face
i find that it's not as moisturizing as i'd like
i think the sorbet is more moisturizing than this heavier cream
i also know i was exfoliating
i think it's a little too good at moisturizing
i like rich creams in the winter due to dry skin
the riche was a thicker and more emollient cream.
it does a nice job brightening/hydrating
it does seem to moisturize well
it isn't as hydrating
it was still too moisturizing
not as moisturizing or effective as i would hope.
this is very moisturizing
was looking at some facial oils to blend with my nighttime moisturizers
didn't seem to have any moisturizing properties at all
it just wasn't as hydrating as it has been
it didn't work as well as other moisturizing oils
this face oil is very moisturizing
i paired it with a oil free moisturizing serum to try to counteract the potentially drying effects of retinol
yes it was moisturizing
the fact that it has retinol
it can be incredibly drying so be sure to moisturize
it does moisturize, but that is all it does.
very hydrating, and overall a great cream.
feels like it hydrates your skin when you apply
some minuses: it isn't deeply moisturizing
it does moisturizes your eyes
the product is hydrating
not moisturizing enough for me
it was very moisturizing
it is pretty moisturizing however
but it does not moisturize at all.
it's not even hydrating or refreshing
nothing moisturizing about it for my dry skin.
it surely wasn't ultra moisturizing
i feel like it is not moisturizing enough
this "moisturizer" is super watery
smells exactly like ultra hydrating moisturizer by simple so why pay double?
even with a hydrating serum underneath
nowhere near moisturizing enough
you'd have to use it with the ultra hydrating serum for it to be enough hydration
it wasn't moisturizing enough
my aloe vera plant was more moisturizing.
fab's hydrating serum has been perfect
at least it moisturizes.
i did not find product this moisturizing at all
this is supposed to be very moisturizing
it balances being light and being moisturizing.
i don't find this product to be particularly moisturizing or soothing to my sensitive skin
this did not moisturize my skin at all
also hydrates my skin
this product does a good job moisturizing
definitely moisturizers my skin
it is very moisturizing
and it's not moisturizing or hydrating.
is a really harsh phyiscal exfoliant
exfoliating my problem areas that are both oily
moisturizers are absorbed well
chemical exfoliating is best for me.
quick exfoliant for combination/normal skin
it does exfoliate and balances my oily skin!
i am not new to exfoliating masks
it does a better job at exfoliating
exfoliation i got with this mud mask
it hydrates just a bit
leaving no moisturizing effects whatsoever
it is also not hydrating
facial skin care regimen
this product did moisturize my skin enough
the emulsion has a very silky feeling.
it's moisturizing without any fragrance.
but it isn't very moisturizing.
the serum does moisturize like it says it does
this is a nice serum that immediately hydrates the skin
even though it was moisturizing
but just an average hydrating serum.
it moisturizes my face thoroughly.
moisturizes the eye area
i also like that it leaves the eye area moisturizing
extra hydrating for winter
ironic that the moisturizer is for dehydrated skin
i love this product: it has the perfect texture of really moisturizing my skin without being super greasy
it's not terrible when it comes to moisturizing
it does a pretty good job at moisturizing
it does a great job at moisturizing
it's great for moisturizing combination skin
this oil is good for moisturizing the body.
after a few weeks of use it seems not very moisturizing
it nice and moisturizing around the eye area.
well, it moisturizes... its ok.
i needed aneye cream that would moisturize
it isvery moisturizing even the next morning
heat i like to use lightweight moisturizers on my face
the cream is very rich
hydrating face lotion for my normal to dry skin
now i feel it isn't hydrating enough
i don't feel it has much of a moisturizing effect
it's hydrating enough for me
didn't even moisturize very well
it was moisturizing, but that's about it.
retinol/retinoids can be drying
it definitely is hydrating
does a lovely job of moisturizing my under eye area
i took care to moisturize while using it
the hydrating power of the cream
it really is very hydrating with a great texture
hydrating moisturizers work better than this stuff
moisturizing cream at first
the cool gel texture
i don't feel like it is actually moisturizing
the associate assured me that it is most intensely hydrating
hydrating feeling of this product
it isn't quite moisturizing enough for my skin
it just wasn't moisturizing my skin at all
got a "gentler" moisturizing anti-wrinkle cream instead
i really enjoyed this cream at first: it's very hydrating
this cream is very greasy
only thing is does is moisturize
it does moisturize my under eyes very well
it moisturizes fine but that's it.
this is fairly rich and it's pretty moisturizing.
it was hydrating, but that was about it.
it is moisturizing though.
it really is so moisturizing
it is a nice crime that is very hydrating
while it was moisturizing
hydrating is the only claim i would agree with
it is very moisturizing!
it is still moisturizing
if you need a moisturizing cream that is safe for eyelids
this eye cream is hydrating
it gets two starts because it is moisturizing
it is fairly moisturizing
i wish it was a bit more moisturizing.
too oily and didn't really feel deeply hydrating.
i didn't find this creamy oil super hydrating
expected this to be very moisturizing
not moisturizing, doesn't soothe chapped lips.
the only good thing is that it's moisturizing
this is not moisturizing at all
it's hydrating and light weight.
moisturizing cream that doesn't burn or sting my eyes
didn't really moisturize either.
i really like how moisturizing this is
a little went a long way in terms of moisturizing
it moisturizes my face
it was an overnight hydrating mask after all
hydrates my skin when i want to look flawless on the beach
this cream is so hydrating!
i loved this cream so much because it is hydrating
it also doesn't do much hydrating.
i like how absorbent
it was moisturizing enough
it did not feel moisturizing
hydrating feel to my face
i've used more moisturizing products for a lower price
it does't seem overly moisturizing though
i did not find it moisturizing at all
this moisturizer wasn't hydrating enough
boscia oil-free daily hydration spf 15
it is not moisturizing at all.
this product did not moisturize at all!!
this chia serum did not moisturize my skin at all
it was not hydrating enough for my skin
this moisturizer does not moisturize at all
did not provide any extra moisturizing or antiaging
out of the moisturizing masks
i found that this product is not hydrating at all
i also add a few drops to my bath for extra moisturizing benefits
it is so moisturizing
its extremelly hydrating which i love
from all the claims i agree that it is hydrating
i realized its not very moisturizing at all
ultimately my skin needed something more moisturizing
it doesn't seem to moisturize quite enough
it's not that moisturizing
gel moisturizer with a nice fragrance
i tried on a sample of the rose hydrating gel cream
hydrating enough for spring/summer
not overly hydrating but leaves skin quite soft.
this gel cream is too greasy
this gel works well enough: it's lightweight
i also love gel cremes
i like moisturizing my face with something lightweight
thinking it would be moisturizing
the moisturizer is definitely hydrating
it is pretty moisturizing but it's not oil-free.
it did not moisturize my skin at all
it does a good job of moisturizing
it's not moisturizing enough
this foam cleanser is not as hydrating as i imagine
just on the weekends in the am> its a decent lightweight cleanser that is hydrating
i am thinking of purchasing the rose hydrating gel
this product no doubt is moisturizing
the oil is moisturizing
it didn't feel moisturizing or brightening
it was less hydrating
it was not quite moisturizing enough for me
i don't find it all that moisturizing
this is a nice rich moisturizing
it does moisturize to an extent
oil-free moisturizer enriched with active vitamin d that enhances radiance with antiaging
i absolutely loved this from a moisturizing
and it feels lightly moisturizing.
the gelish texture of the moisturizer gives you the feeling of it being very rejuvenating
i wasn't impressed with the short lasting moisturizing power
this moisturizer feels very lightweight
need vitamin c or retinol in my moisturizers
i normally use clinique moisturizing cream because i have very dry skin
like the detox exfoliator
iit seems to be hydrating
its moisturizing properties lasted several days i swear
love products like this that claim it's super moisturizing
this product is deeply moisturizing
didn't cause me to break out like many deeply moisturizing treatments do
sadly it still was not moisturizing enough
exfoliating prior to every application
which is a stabilizing oil that helps preserve antioxidants
it was hydrating as well
doesn't moisturize well enough
it's not moisturizing enough for me.
this moisturizer absorbs well and is lightweight.
wouldn't say its moisturizing
even though it is a super emollient cream
modestly moisturize -- no smoothing or radiance
i didn't find it moisturizing
no radiance or hydration.
both do a fantastic job moisturizing my skin
the replenishing nutrient complex
enjoyed the feeling of the mild exfoliant
except extremely mild exfoliation
a basic exfoliator does that
it is not moisturizing
this is not a very moisturizing moisturizer.
overpriced, and not moisturizing enough.
the exfoliation was much too rough for daily use with my dry
exfoliation was really good though.
then use this just for the exfoliating properties
enzyme peel daily to exfoliate
it does exfoliate gently my sensitive skin
the product is very milky and does exfoliate.
it does exfoliate existing acne
it just doesn't moisturize enough
the cooling gel feels great
not moisturizing at all
it didn't help moisturize the skin
this was mildly hydrating
did not moisturize my skin well.
i think this is a solid moisturizing oil
this was not moisturizing
the product was not moisturizing at all.
this is the most moisturizing serum i have tried.
i did not find it particularly hydrating
it is really great for skin exfoliation/renewal if you have sensitive skin
the serum is very light creamy.
my issue with it, not moisturizing enough.
i put this on under my moisturizing regimen.
i did not find this cream hydrating enough.
i find the product nicely moisturizing
it is by no means a moisturizing eye cream !
doesn't do anything apart from moisturizing
i gave it 2 stars because it is hydrating
this eye cream wasn't moisturizing enough
i feel that it's not moisturizing enough
one star for it's very hydrating
this is not hydrating enough in alberta's weather
this cream is quite hydrating
this eye cream is moisturizing and tightening.
one concern is that this product is so hydrating
which i remove with caudalie's moisturizing toner
i liked it because it was hydrating
not hydrating at all.
although i do admire it's moisturizing properties
it is quite moisturizing
it wasn't very moisturizing
i like the moisturizing gel much better.
it is a very smooth moisturizer
yet doesn't moisturize that that well
mixed with a more hydrating cream it does just okay
while this will moisturize your face
bought this for moisturizing
it has a light texture that is more hydrating than moisturizing
not as moisturizing as i would like for winter
i found this to be too moisturizing for my skin
though this moisturizer does a great job at providing moisture
it just moisturizes my face
it's a lightweight very comfortable moisturizer
it moisturizes all day and leaves skin dewey.
it really doesn't feel very moisturizing either.
the moisturizer itself is lightly textured
small exfoliating benefits on acne
lightly exfoliating pads that are saturated with liquid
certainly not "deeply hydrating"
the claims of a "deeply hydrating mask" i would find an effective product
very fine exfoliating things in it
it was very exfoliating
i love a good exfoliating product.
very thick snd emollient
exfoliates your skin beautifully
wanted something more hydrating
it is a thick lightweight cream, but not a serum.
using at night after exfoliating .
when i started noticing the dryness i began using a moisturizing cream over it
starting on a more hydrating eye cream
it's not moisturizing at all
it isn't that hydrating
it doesn't moisturize as well as visionnaire
however, it was not hydrating enough.
it's just basic aloe
aloe does lovely things to the skin
if you want a hydrating
the pros: it is hydrating
it does not seem to be hydrating or refreshing at all
i think a very hydrating moisturizer
i feel like this is a more expensive aloe vera gel
expensive aloe vera gel on your skin
no intense hydration or "detoxification"
moisturizes while it's on the skin
it doesn't really moisturize
it says that it hydrates
it's thick, but not too thick, very moisturizing.
this combination was not moisturizing enough for me unfortunately
which is strange considering it's supposed to be a moisturizing product
better hydrating serums out there
did not moisturize at all.
this combination was not moisturizing enough for me unfortunately
didn't even feel moisturizing upon initial application
i will be returning this for something more moisturizing
i also don't think it moisturizes that well
does not provide moisturizing
i enjoy some of their serums/moisturizers
unfortunately the product did not moisturize
it's a wonderful moisturizer in that it is very moisturizing
unnecessary for a facial moisturizer
it is lightweight and moisturizes nicely.
although it seems hydrating
t isn't really moisturizing
the eye cream is moisturizing
this cream moisturize well.
it was very hydrating
it is hydrating but that's about it.
this cream is good for hydrating
this is not hydrating for my eye area
did not seem to moisturize
it is gentle and not oily..more like a gel cream.
this cleanser is def moisturizing which is nice
i prefer a more moisturizing cleanser
i put its deeply hydrating claim to the test
it feels very hydrating
in term of moisturizing it didn't do much
it didn't help moisturize or hydrate my skin
this product does not seem to moisturize
smoothness like other moisturizing mask
it's a good moisturizing mask
it did moisturize my skin well
this cream is quite hydrating
it is a nice light moisturizing cream for under eyes for sensitive skin
this may help chemically exfoliate the skin in order to reduce hyperpigmentation under the eyes
however i didn't feel it was that moisturizing
this is a nice, hydrating eye cream.
this eye cream is hydrating
i also expected the product to be a little more moisturizing than it was
not one is because it is very hydrating
i don't think it's overly hydrating
it's not very moisturizing
over all its hydrating, does the trick.
did not really moisturize.
the cream is definitely moisturizing my face
didn't moisturise my winter skin at all
the cream moisturizes me very well
the cream hydrates very well
tried many more times: after exfoliating
the little bit of exfoliation feels great.
it isn't super hydrating or super powerful against dark circles
perhaps this eye cream isn't supposed to be hydrating/moisturizing
this creams texture is wonderful.
it's silly and moisturizes well.
-feeling luxurious-feels hydrating-thick
then try something a little more hydrating
this eye cream is thin and hydrating.
it was moisturizing but not greasy.
moisturizing eye cream slide into my t-zone
this eye cream is very hydrating
this was fine, hydrating, all nice.
wanted totry something extra hydrating
there is immediate moisturizing of the skin after using this
def was too moisturizing
i love facial oils
it is so hydrating
the texture is much runnier than i expected from an "intensive hydrating treatment"
does moisturize and absorbs well.
it is very moisturizing which is a plus
regularly apply hydrating creams
im very big in moisturizing
how truly moisturizing this mask is
it definitely does moisturize.
it was not very moisturizing
it does not moisturize as well.
it felt very moisturizing at first
lotus youth radiance lotion is lightweight
didn't do much to moisturize
the lotion is lightweight
the lotion is super lightweight
more to fully moisturize my skin
this lotion absorbs well.
applying it feels less like i'm pampering my skin
it does not adequately moisturize the dry spots on my combination skin
this is a lot of money for moisturizing skin cream that has an spf
at times it is not as moisturizing as i need
the moisturizing isn't enough moisture
i like first aid moisturizes
this is just not as moisturizing as i would like
is so much more moisturizing than this
salicylic acid for exfoliating
this is a nice, hydrating serum booster.
i did not find it very moisturizing
dry at the same time although this is supposed to be moisturizing
this mask was a little bit hydrating
i searched for a hydrating
cooling mask that hydrates the skin
because it's supposed to be moisturizing
the texture of this is like a gel
nothing about this gel is hydrating.
alcohol in a "hydrating" treatment!?
the product claims to be hydrating
why taut your star ingredient as a natural alternative to retinol
it is a good moisturizing creme
it is not moisturizing enough for my skin
this eye cream is very cooling
as much as i love the refreshing moisturizing feel to it
the eye gel is cooling
not as moisturizing as it advertises to be.
moisturizing it i couldn't get past the scent
very hydrating and smells so nice.
did feel very hydrating
it's moisturizing but that's about it.
the second step was hydrating
it was nice and moisturizing.
the night cream was super nourishing
then a moisturizing facial oil
this is a very moisturizing under eye gel
not hydrating at all
it doesn't do any lifting or moisturizing.
this gel is very sticky.
isn't hydrating enough nighttime use
the gel is, however, very cooling.
everything seems to point to a hydrating
i moisturize well both am
the second issue is that because it is so hydrating
it is a great lightweight moisturizer for oily skin
while this product was moisturizing
for a high priced mildy-moisturizing serum it smells really bizarre
this "smart serum" did not nourish my skin.
pros: i didn't break out; it was hydrating.
it's very hydrating but way too fragrant.
it does seem hydrating
it is however very hydrating, and applies easily.
it is not very moisturizing
was not moisturizing enough
this cream moisturizes well
not at all rejuvenating!
it did mildly exfoliate my dry
this might be an effective exfoliator
it does moisturize my skin
giving it three 3 because it does moisturize
giving it a decent moisturize overnight
didn't moisturize or make my skin soft
it hydrates well enough
it did feel very moisturizing
help to moisturize my skin
it will moisturize your skin
the product is not very emollient at all.
i've used eye creams that feel way more hydrating
it was very moisturizing though
it hydrates well enough
it does not even moisturize
maybe it's supposed to be hydrating?
it was a very nice moisturizing make up remover
true toner before moisturizing
she said it would be hydrating enough yet not cause milia because of the retinol in it
my search for a hydrating
retinol eye cream does not hydrate
this eye cream is not hydrating at all.
the cream doesn't feel at all hydrating
providing long-lasting hydration
i do like to hydrate intensely after a good deep exfoliation
i found that this mask was slightly too hydrating?
so i'm always on the hunt for hydrating skincare.
it's supposed to be hydrating
does nothing it moisturizes
i didn't notice exfoliating effect either.
it wasn't super hydrating for me.
it isn't as moisturizing as others i've used
creams to keep the moisture in
it did not moisturize at all
normally without makeup my skin does a decent job of hydrating itself
while it is hydrating it's not worth the cost
it does an okay job of moisturizing
it does not do proper moisturizing to me
it seems to really moisturize my skin on those dry winter days
no hydrating effects even
it is very thick and moisturizing.
it doesn't feel moisturizing
thick, but not moisturizing.
it was a passable moisturizer that has a cooling feeling
overall dull prior to moisturizing
the hydrating face wash
it's weird because it felt moisturizing after use
it does appear to moisturize your skin
in my oily zones it moisturizes pretty well
this cream was moisturizing
it didn't work well on moisturizing
it wasn't very hydrating
this moisturizer was not moisturizing
i need something hydrating
not greasy this was not silky or hydrating
on top of that it didn't feel particularly moisturizing
a most certain addiction to exfoliation
i knew i needed to hydrate vs moisturize my skin with the products i use
moisturizing wasn't the way to go
nstead of moisturizing my face
it's not very moisturizing
2 stars though because it is very moisturizing
it does moisturize but not remarkably.
very hydrating, exceptionally gentle.
it did feel moisturizing
very moisturizing and soothing on skin.
it was a hydrating oil
while hydrating my skin
that the products are not moisturizing my skin enough
didn't find this to by hydrating at all
it also does a nice job at moisturizing cuticles.
more pleasant ways to exfoliate
it lathers very well
t exfoliates really well
i do not exfoliate my skin everyday
the exfoliation was too harsh for my skin
this one really does exfoliate but it's drying.
it felt very moisturizing
the more i feel like it over exfoliates
does not exfoliate very well
it does not moisturize, does not absorb well.
while the oil is quite moisturizing
def not moisturizing at all.
you feel very clean without the harsh exfoliating beads
does give a nice moisturizing result after
the cream is not deeply moisturizing
i still have to use another eye cream for moisturizing
the product is moisturizing
the product is hydrating
try their moisturizing undereye concealer
does not feel moisturizing enough for my skin
i also do not find this to be very moisturizing
didn't hydrate didn't add radiance
now for the mask: yes it is hydrating indeed
it’s good if you over exfoliate
this is super-hydrating
i prefer just a moisturizing cream, not firming.
i will say that it is very hydrating
this is basically just a moisturizing masque
it is advertised to be hydrating
pretty good as an extra moisturizing step
using a moisturizing lotion after as this mask can make you a little dry
i think it exfoliates good though.
it's beautiful as a moisturizing illuminator
yes i was moisturizing
this product is a gel
t's not as moisturizing as a cream would be
it feels very moisturizing
because it's an exfoliating cleanser
it was great for daily exfoliating
glamglow youthcleanse daily exfoliating cleanser is too harsh even for normal skin
exfoliating than this one
the exfoliating power of the cleanser
barely any granules to exfoliate!
just another exfoliating face wash
i wouldn't say it exfoliates much
i need something more hydrating.
it is not hydrating what so ever
it took 4 days of major moisturizing
i can't say that this product is hydrating at all
this cleanser was definitely moisturizing
this is not hydrating at all i really don't underst
definitely not hydrating enough for the winter.
i found it to be very moisturizing
it moisturizes, but that's about it.
the cream was not hydrating at all
this eye cream is hydrating
it is lightweight gel like
hydrates the eye area nicely
i wanted a moisturizing cream that is preventive for wrinkles
it provides fabulous hydration
i didn't find it very hydrating for my dry/combo skin
s since the residue left on your skin is moisturizing
gets congested without exfoliation
moisturizing on my skin
i also found that it didn't moisturize sufficiently for my skin
the dry spots on my cheeks loved this moisturizing cream
some of the effects of this cream are great: it's hydrating
it did moisturize my skin.
it didn't even moisturize for very long
it was somewhat moisturizing.
not the antiaging moisturizer
the gel was very soothing
it didn't have hydrating benefits.
not even moisturizing though
being a moisturizer, its not moisturizing at all.
it does a good bit of exfoliating
i got a sample of this exfoliating powder
i liked how the exfoliant was a fine texture
it pills, flakes and does not moisturize.
it doesn't moisturize as evenly as the previous formula
this new formula is not as hydrating
wasn't very moisturizing either.
it definitely hydrates well.
don't think it's that hydrating
it is not as moisturizing as i thought it would be
made it more hydrating i would try it again
it is not hydrating for me
didn't feel like it was super moisturizing
it feels greasy on the skin, not nourishing.
btw, oils are not "hydrating" they are emollient.
as far as moisturizing
didn't need the extra hydration from hyaluronic acid
it's very silicone feeling
i think this moisturizer really does moisturize my skin
it is a gel base
it is not very good at moisturizing either.
this isn't super moisturizing
it hydrates well enough
it is nice for moisturization
am naturally drawn to matte moisturizers
it is very moisturizing, though.
it felt hydrating yet not thick.
i can tell it's moisturizing pretty well
this was not moisturizing enough
it is a moisturizing enough
i wish it was more hydrating though.
i needed a moisturizer that would help hydrate the super dry/tight areas of my oily/combination
it is lightweight yet very moisturizing.
it's very hydrating and light weight.
as it's a gel moisturizer
it is very moisturizing without being sticky
it is my first time using a moisturizing cream because i have a oily
i am always on the look out for new hydrating moisturizers
feels super light and hydrating.
without any moisturizing benefits
i'll admit, it works, it hydrates well.
unfortunately it was not hydrating enough for my skin
this eye cream is hydrating for sure.
definitely some level of moisturizing
this cream is very hydrating though
need more than just a little extra moisturizing
yes, it's moisturizing, but no miracle product.
while this is very hydrating under my eye area
it is very moisturizing
the cream didn't hydrate my skin
it's not hydrating at all.
it's strictly a moisturizing, anti-aging cream**
moisturizes the eye area
it's hydrating, but that's about it.
this product was not hydrating at all
it is not hydrating and doesn't soak in easily.
it's just moisturizing and that's it.
it does, however, moisturize quite well.
i love clinique moisturizers
it isn't moisturizing enough for my liking
i didn't find it moisturizing
does it have antioxidants?
this oil is hydrating
moisturizing at the same time
switch to the hydrating one
it's not very moisturizing at all for those with drier or combination skin
serums keep my oily skin supple
whipped texture of this moisturizer
it's also not very moisturizing.
it was very mattifying
it didn't seem very moisturizing
it's not very moisturizing.
it does not feel like it moisturizes at all
this stuff didn't feel moisturizing
doesn't moisturize enough for me
when i saw that this product had "hydrating
this product works really well to moisturize without drying
the anti-aging aspects seems to overpower any moisturizing qualities
i'd recommend using this product as a supplement to a moisturizing lotion
it feels very hydrating
its an ok mask it is hydrating
this worked well for moisturizing my skin in the winter
no moisturizing effect at all3
it doesn't that moisturizing
neither did i find the oil to be particularly moisturizing either despite it advertising that is extremely hydrating
doesn't really feel very hydrating
it says it's moisturizing
also reminds me a lot aloe gel
it's gentle and hydrating, yes.
i am not sure if it is enough to exfoliate
it was very moisturizing
it's moisturizing but that's about it.
it seems like it's exfoliating my skin it has a texture to it you can feel
as an exfoliator it's too gentle
this was not hydrating at all.
i found if used without the essence it wasn't moisturizing enough for my skin
didn't soothe or moisturize my skin
the texture very hydrate
layered with spf moisturizer
the mask was extremely drying even after applying moisturizer
really amazing to exfoliate it made my face so smooth
i love the exfoliating power!
it's an awesome exfoliating mask
works ok as an exfoliator
i ended up putting on a hydrating mask
this product is great for exfoliating the skin
i tend to like a more abrasive exfoliation for my oily skin
i tried to fix it with a moisturizing mist
i found it to be not hydrating at all
this product is very moisturizing for the undereye
it is not very hydrating
didn't feel hydrating at all
while that one did moisturize my skin quite well
someone pointed out that pomegranate is very hydrating
it is a gel consistency that is very cooling
this product does moisturize my dry skin issues i'm having since it is winter
it is very expensive for just a moisturizing under eye gel
it was definitely moisturizing
my skin normally responds to moisturizers
acne solutions clarifying lotion
it did feel hydrating
while this did moisturize really well
i need a very hydrating moisturizer
for someone with my oily skin it is way too moisturizing
bought a more moisturizing moisturizer that has some anti-aging benefits
this gel made my skin incredibly oily
although this was hydrating i couldn't use it
in fact i don't think it's as moisturizing
maybe this has good moisturizing properties
it is hydrating but it takes a while to absorb!
did not moisturize my face.
this moisturizer is not really soothing
it didn't seem to moisturize very well
it is not very moisturizing
this is not a cooling night cream
i say stick with the invigorating night gel
this gel is hydrating but it is also very sticky.
it was hydrating & something new.
which is actually a gel
not as hydrating as others
decent hydrating eye creme/gel.
didn't feel as moisturizing
i don't know if it's hydrating
moisturizes the skin properly
it is not that hydrating at all!
it wasn't particularly moisturizing.
i don't know if the eye balm is moisturizing.
it doesn't moisturize my eye area enough
i can tell it's moisturizing
ter shea moisturizing fluid is much better for me
it is not moisturizing
water gel moisturizer are good
sensitive skin so when a product says it's deeply hydrating
doesn't feel particularly hydrating at all
however their radiant deep hydrating serum is the best serum i've ever used
it wasn't very hydrating
it does ok in hydrating
while this is a cream that will moisturize
it was not hydrating at all- it was pretty watery even for a gel cream
moisturizing when i first put it on
yet the way it moisturizes is different
having the lasting hydrating feel on the skin where it's supple
was excited about the "moisturizing properties" this product claimed to have
this product is pretty effective at removing makeup while gently exfoliating the skin
i did not find this to be very hydrating
for the price i don't think this moisturizes or hydrates my skin better than any other moisturizer
not at all what i expect from a hydrating mask
not hydrating at all
how moisturizing it is
it definitely didn't moisturize well
as it is pretty moisturizing
did not give any benefits other than moisturizing
i found that it wasn't especially hydrating
it was not super moisturizing though
not really hydrating for this combo/oily/dry patches from tretinoin skin
i am committed to natural skincare
it goes on smooth and is really hydrating.
this is a very nice moisturizing eye cream
i wanted to find a hydrating eye cream
it is hydrating, but that's about it.
it does moisturize my eye area well.
it is very hydrating
the moisturizing effect here is not adequate for my needs
it did absolutely nothing in terms of moisturizing my skin
this is a lightweight, soothing gel.
it's not particularly moisturizing
it's not too moisturizing for a night cream
i would appreciate it being much more moisturizing
you can find a great hydrating eye cream for cheaper
i like this eye cream because is it very moisturizing
not very moisturizing, either.
this wasn't moisturizing enough for my dry skin.
the exfoliating beads are too tiny
love how the ending result was moisturizing
i feel the description for this should be more of a hydrating
she assured me that if i used a hydrating toner
it's very hydrating for my dry skin
which i'm guessing is the hydrating part
was not enough of an exfoliant
not as moisturizing as i won't want.
then i used this as a mild moisturizing scrub.
it is also very moisturizing so beware if you have oily skin
have been using this as a hydrating mask
the only benefit it provides is moisturizing.
didn't moisturize my skin in the least
this is not hydrating to me
i love how moisturizing it is
it doesn't moisturize the skin what-so-ever.
