i appreciate the formulation of this product
its an okay product.
i also can have overly reactive skin
not particularly pleasing to apply
i buy the $20 stuff from indeed labs
tttt this product has alcohol
to me personally i try my best to avoid using products with alcohol in the first 6 ingredients
less for the function
a top ingredient is alcohol
the included application brush is a good touch.
as far as tightening
definitely sticking to the value sets
i want to buy the sonic blue limited edition mask
because sonic is on it
there's other masks cheaper that make more of a difference
the results are not permanent
it has a lot of alcohol of various types listed in the ingredients
skin by skipping this product
i regularly use aha products without issue
my aesthetician recommended this product for my sensitive
combination skin this summer
this product did increase moisture as stated.
bought this product on recommendation by a sephora in-store specialist
will need to fortify or find other....
i used the entire bottle
better to spend a bit more for a better quality product
i require 2 full pumps to cover my face.
this product just falls short.
this has the potential to be a good product.
the pump also dispenses way too much product
this serum, however, not particularly impressive.
the price is far too high for a bar of soap
would not recommend for people with outlier skin.
i used as directed
completed the entire bottle before writing this review
as others have described
fantastic & unique dispensing method!
too expensive to not provide visible results
it's a trend product with no substance in my opinion
this product was strongly recommended to me during my makeover
most of my medicine cabinet is filled with it
the packaging was disappointing too.
it was easy to apply
and applicator was also quite annoying to use.
greatness from this product
it's nothing more than a mid grade moisturizer as far as i'm concerned
enough for 2 or more applications is wasted opening
i can't see wasting 2+ applications each time
does not blend well
even at the drug store
i think this eye cream is designed for people in their 20s
don't use this for that purpose
it's a poor manufacturing/design feature
it is just average.
could be for their primary demographic
i normally use the bio performance advanced super revitalizing cream
is way way over priced for the mediocre ingredients it contains
produce oil throughout the day
this is indeed rich as the description says
switched to the daily c version of the line which is much better for me
i like the other murad product
for it's anti-aging value
i've used this as directed
the product is very expensive for the poor results
which represents $100 real dollars
i needed up purchasing this product after seeing the instant results in the store
i felt the cooling properties
they are very lightweight of course
based on other reviews
continue my search for other methods for reducing undereye wrinkles
i like murad products in general
have used their anti aging line on
had high hopes for this product
i absolutely consider this eye treatment to be a waste of money
i will be continuing the search for a good serum.
i've used the needles no more suite of products for 6 weeks
perhaps i used it incorrectly
save the $ and get real injections.
i adore the needles no more product which greatly reduces any fine lines
based upon my skin
i don't know what type of consumer research these people performed
i prefer the other version of needles no more.
no hydration and no tightening or lifting.
this product has absolutely no anti aging properties in it- it basically is a topical product that sort of blurs lines
this product is a complete gimmick.
my expectations were very high
i rarely write reviews
decided that this product needs to be rated
besides that this product is a complete waste of your money
it is very temporary
the other issue is the flaking that occurs shortly after application
kudos to the store for accepting the return without question
which actually enhanced any lines i have
i was, overall, unimpressed by this product.
i do use the 3-step system regularly
don't increase oils in the day time
highly-rated product to proactively address them
i used it as directed
i found the product hard to apply
it applies very easily
i gave it two stars because i think it is a unique concept with the dispenser
however i just don't really feel the the product upon application via h
to face even against the recommendations
its function as well as the simplicity
it is rather light
this is a great product for superficial
the retinol content is so low that you may as well toss this for kate's micropeel cream which is 100 percent retinol based with no gimmicks
then switch to a different retinol product with a different application system
the product is described as having 'super fine' grains
i read the reviews for this product before purchasing--i'm prone to adult acne
i like the packaging
i've used half the product
at best it made it easier to do manual pore extractions
drug store brands are just as good if not better.
still manages to get a good foaming action
so does targets 5 dollar face wash
they're very different products.
this stuff looks promising based on the ingredients
love the rose stem cell products
no better than other hyaluronic acids i've used at much cheaper prices
perhaps that was poor placement
the patches are a great product
though i would use this kit
be proactive about my anti-aging
i oriented them a little better
didn't get the additional wrinkle
not a life changing product
the rollerball only worked the first use
they got notified of the packaging problem
the rollerball is miserable at dispensing the product
it was a complete waste of money
this product has a horrible delivery system as i have kept the roller ball delivery system upsdie down all day
sure there are beauty products that overstate their effectiveness
definitely not wearable during the day
still too high for such a basic cream in a jar
while the absorption isn't necessarily poor
was recommended this product
i've tried all sorts of combinations
hence only the 3 star rating
will stick with josie's original argan oil.
there are pros and cons to this lotion.
i agree the grains are too large.
this product is super sticky
this is the product for you!
i used this in conjunction with another mask i use regularly
does seem to balance moisture levels
returned to buy another only to find out it the formula had been changed to include an anti ageing element
i find that the packaging is off
so those are all plus qualities
murad came highly recommended to me.
still i'll keep using it to satisfy my inner self
it is rather harsh
it has a similar scent as the rest of their products
it seems to be either highly fragranced or contains an ingredient that may be a potential skin irritant
a sephora employee recommended a ton of boscia products especially this one to help tame my skin
even with multiple uses per week
the benefits do not outweigh the cost.
there's cheaper products for that
and the packaging has a massive flaw.
fix the waste issue and it's a 5 star product.
this was highly recommended from a sephora employee
highly recommend that one
highly recommended by sephora employee.
this is stickier than good genes is
stop changing winning formulas.
i also got it for the anti-aging aspects
skin still feels dry requiring repeat application
i may have sensitivity to an ingredient.
also, be warned that this serum contains alcohol.
i wasn't even using the full 2 pumps, only 1.
since i had such an excellent experience with their skin care line
radiant as it used to be since they stopped adding their active soil complexn in the skin care products
after reading all of the reviews
am always on the lookout for new products to use
i found this formula to be extremely drying
there are products that are just as effective for a fraction of the cost
i still have high hopes for the rest of milk makeup products
instead it is a salve that is inadequate to other products
as a supplement to my nighttime regime
rolling directly to my face results in uneven application
has great ingredients so please make this in a pump or dropper
i apply this oil
josie maran's argan oil as an example
2 clicks is too much
particularly for the oil cleansing method
i've spent money on high quality carrier oils
the product is not life changing
my problem with this is that there is zero justification for the price
half an ounce of cheap oils for almost $40?
including the essential oils
not enough oil for longterm body application
really not ideal for the under eye area
this product consists of chemicals
some of their other innovative products
i would consider it purely a cosmetic
it is pure oil
then a better alternative is the br
an argan oil that are fair trade
its just a complete waste of money.
it doesn't spread well
i highly recommend avoiding this product.
the cooling part is true
expectations for this product
the reviews said it worked
the application is super easy
it does have a cooling effect
it does have a cooling effect
it outweighs the cooling
this stick has a real cooling effect
this is so unnecessary
does give a cooling effect
i am always open the hunt for a soothing product
overall: this is a novelty item at best
it feels great upon application.
as previous reviewers mentioned
i did research on it.
that creates a physical barrier on your skin
lastly for a product for evening skin tone the spf could've been higher
i plan to finish my current tube
it only contained spf 20
overall i do like the murad products
the amount of acne has remained unchanged
the oil level has remained the same
which other murad products did
i used the entire bottle.
however it does not contain an spf
i received this product in a seasonal pack together with three origins face masks
the spray is very direct
it has a nice ingredient list
even with different types of masks
claiming it helps with masking benefits
i enjoy the fact that it has an all-star ingredient list
the worst beauty product i have ever used!
it did nothing to optimize the masks.
personally, i think it’s an unnecessary product.
it essentially acts as a toner
for other skin types
this will show benefits after usage
even after multiple uses
is this product a necessity?
along with other origins products
i didn't have the application issues that other reviewers mentioned
used a favourite non-origins mask of mine
i got this in one of the beauty insider rewards as part of a kit
misses with this product
same results: it has no benefits
i tried this product with both masks
this product absolutely does nothing to improve my masks absorption
are packed with great ingredients already
face masks are already packed with good ingredients
although it lists lots of "good" ingredients
e the product in an even matter
second, this is glorified water.
this is a totally unnecessary product!
like the other reviews
or space in my cabinet
the maskimizer is marketed as a pre-mask primer.
i've tried it with multiple different masks
just use a regular toner it works much better
it's not an essential step in your masking routine
if you can replace the experience with a toner
i can't notice any benefits from using this before a mask except hydration
additionally, the packaging is a nightmare.
i've used this with two of my origins masks
overall i find it kind of unnecessary
would not recommend this product.
its cleansing ability was poor
the cleansing performance of this product is comparatively very poor
this should be called an oil not a gel.
i ordered this with very high hopes.
i'd been using a different oil from a specialty grocer
i ordered this after browsing the many many rave reviews speaking to its ability to cleanse without adding extra oil
the one that the discontinued
when i used their skin care line with activesoil complex
e brings back their previous skin care line with the activesoil complex
despite reading some of the poor reviews
after using the old formula
this new pure plush cleanser is no replacement for the previous line
still searching for the elusive holy grail that does it all
i can't use my regular face products
after reading some reviews
i should have read the ingredient list
because this does contain alcohol
also, my foundation can't build on this.
unrecognizable ingredients in their products these days
will not be reordering
$71 is premium for clinique
since this was the only variable i added to my routine
that's to be expected with oil
this product does contain a lot of it
this product has so much potential
the inclusion of a high amount of fragrance made this a no-go for my sensitive skin
my more detailed review is below.
the worst part is that it has a powerful
review is based on sample, not prolonged use.
as it seems to be the crown jewel of the korres line
going to return and try the organic oil instead.
i discontinue the usage before i get to see the result
i don't like the fact that this oil contains alcohol
the packaging was horrible!
for such an expensive eye cream i expected much more
the dual jar packaging system is terrible
the jars do not click
it is not appropriate for oily/combination skin at all
i can find similar products at the drug store for a fraction of the cost
it was light weight which i enjoy
preventing whatever helpful ingredients actually are in this product from being properly absorbed into the skin
which is what it's marketed as
hence my low rating
it helps the foundation apply smoothly
there are much better products on the market.
combined with my other products actually made me breakout
i find the same feeling with rose water which is a more cost efficient product
my only issue is the packaging.
i also know that this is an ingredient that is put into products to smooth out the appearance of the skin
it seems to be the case anytime i use a product with dimethicone at the top of the ingredient list
manual said it will last 140 uses
tons don't respond to touch the way they are described
i will stick with the one essential eye.
this product has a great viewing
much of the product was wasted while typing to dispense
was able to verify that this simply is the odor
first of ,i have a problem with the packaging.
it dispenses the perfect amount
exclusive ingredients in the rna creme that need protection from air
made some special edition essence bottles that were so pretty
provide an honest review
i love that the product is dispensed by a dropper
i resorted to reading other reviews to figure it out
i initially used 1 full dropper
application is extremely smooth
the bottle is very attractive
different amounts to in hopes to find the perfect blend for my skin
this company is great with all the issues i was having with the other company
s of similar treatment patches
these were the most drying
however, i use this for preventive measures.
i used the whole one pump
it is not as lightweight
fast-absorbing as i hoped
in addition, it is not cooling.
cooling are very important for me in an eye cream
focuses less on the anti-aging
the major drawback - beware - it pills up.
living in a dry climate
i loved other first aid beauty products
would not recommend this product.
i got this eye team based on the reviews
the fact that comes in a pump like container
it is very light weight
it was very cooling
this should be a solid performer
i've used shiseido's micro targeting spot corrector night
which is also an ingredient in there anyway
i prefer my plant based enzyme products they work better on evening out skin tone
it's the principle and i will keep reposting it.
only in the areas i used this product.
in the description it says for all skin types
in case it meets the same fate
it didn't deliver on any of its claims
after researching i found that this water pack is not noncomedonic
could see the mask's solo performance
upon application it did feel soothing
it was very intrusive
i can see this being a sufficient product for skin aged at 18 to 24-ish
not a good applying experience.
i would advise testing the product in person before purchasing
i used this product as a primer for my foundation
i found that it performed well as a primer
this product has amazing coverage.
t's easy to mix in with your foundation or just use as a base
this product works better on normal-oily skin types
lacked in actual performance
really like the liquid component of this product
the solid under the cap is slightly underwhelming
overall i like the product
it was light weight
base for my foundation
the cream highlight in the cap is
to appeal to a more diverse audience
its so easy to use
i received this product complementary from estee edit via influenster for testing purposes
the product in the cap
how to use this product
it mixes well with my foundation
i could see using it more for contouring actually
i love the way this product is packaged.
i especially like the colloidal gold mask so my expectations were high for this product
dwell on this product
had absolutely 0 lifting or firming properties
guerlain products with gold in it
it is no better than any other illuminator.
rightful reviews need to be posted
but read the ingredients.
this cream served no function.
one of the reps at the store recommended this whole line
with that said if you use it with other fresh products such as the hydration mask
which made this product all the more disappointing
ordered this based off of the bestseller recommendation by sephora online
was recommended this at the store
might be best to use as a nighttime waste riser only because of this
also has a questionable ingredient or two
was excited to more products of their line
this is far from "intensive"
i only used about a pump
it also didn't reduce my fine lines
this is a product that at best provides basic hydration for a steep price
they said they don't put any of their products in recyclable containers
this is a deal breaker for me--there are plenty of equally effective products that don't create excess waste
i will be discontinuing use of this product.
like the description states
plus i liked the packaging.
this product is not as good as other products in drunk elephant product line
after researching the great ingredient list
spread this very quickly after application
i think it works best combined with other products
it also claims to tone
as for the luxury oil
then i apply this product
my skin type is combination
where the winder is very mild
my skin type is combination
got this based on the good reviews on this
the other products from the line
i found that this is too lightweight
its not providing the moisture i need
i used the previous formula
our moisturizer should be our skin's first line of defense
e to its daily abuse
leaves me in search of a new product
i miss the original formula
i used it sparingly
noticed the ingredients are different on the product packet
i think the ingredients info needs updating.
the new formulation of this product is a real disappointment
the new formula is not even remotely close to the old formula
there was no tester available
usually origins products clear my skin up
messy to apply because the product gets released so quickly
the consistency of this product is akin to raw egg whites
this goes on as advertised
the results are the same with the pilling
supple or other adjectives they may have claimed
the way it dispenses with a bit of waste
what drew me to it was the "2 phase" combination that was to provide radiance
will be passing on this product
love korres products overall as skin care
the second ingredient is alcohol denat.
can't comment on the efficacy
i generally love korres products
hope in a bottle products
promises such great results
this has beyond what i'd classify a strong scent
the packaging is pretty
responsible for an entire star by itself
for those people mixing it
i like most of korres products
there's better products for this concern
the best way to use it to mix it with face oils
long enough for a product to show results
the ingredient list is out of this world
the packaging is to die for
firms the skin a little
the product is fine
what's the deal with the pump?
like other reviewers mentioned- the pump is horrible
such a waste of expensive product
this packaging keeps me from using the product everyday
my only issue with this is the packaging.
it is also glass
poor star rating due to packaging only.
tried it based on kathleenlights's recommendation
the pump is absolute garbage
is gentle while still being effective
it's not a high percentage for sure
as recommended by an employee
have other skin benefits
as far as pros
not so sold on this particular product form the line
this formula is very basic
the entirety of my skin falls under the sensitive category
due to the high amount of sls this may not be your best choice
prior to finding this product
it was the best product in the set
quick length, definition, volume and pigment!!!
particularly with the formulation that this product has
if i used it as recommended
since it is water based
had high expectations for this cream
the sales person recommended this one to me
this item falls short
while still using this product almost as a recovery treatment for my upper lip
i read elsewhere that this product has an a comedogenic ingredient
the breakouts were non negotiable however
use several of their products religiously
i used it to prime.
fragrance is listed high on the ingredient list
use this as an arm
lacks the essential ingredients for a great daytime product
it doesn't layer well with any of wide range of products i use during the day
fan of the old formula of clarins' multi-active day cream
i love multi-active day cream
i used the multi active early wrinkle correcting cream for almost 2 years before they reformulated the product into this
far above actual beneficial skincare items
among other ingredients in this formula
cons about this product
or even below average
yes the purpose s to be oil free
that kind of defeats the purpose
i am certain this product is to blame
use at your own risk.
higher price for less volume than previous packaging
the new pump bottle is awful.
tube was so easy to dispense.
time to find a new product.
hasn't been reformulated to this product
this was recommended to me by the sales associate as a very moisturizering
lightweight formula for the summer
spread the product out
was nice with other products
this tends to absorb immediately with no significant benefit to the hydration of my skin
used it on its own
the combination of high alcohol
the product is really lightweight
cannot use it on my face because it contains
well this product is innovative
not on its own
the worst part is
this product seemed light
hoped it was a breakthrough serum
i tend to buy designer products
it does not "instantly correct dark circles" as the description of the product states
still on the quest...
amore pacific's eye essence during the day
the pitera concentration is so low that it should not even be marketed as an skii product
i think this was comparable to a drug store facial oil
so i'm indifferent about this product.
while it does provide a "blurring" effect
pros:- ingredients are spot-on
several of the pore products work very well
then i need to apply a second layer.
applying it was enjoyable
when i first used this product
so may be an ideal product for men as well
the sales rep was so convincing
is suited for every skin
i used the entire bottle.
the lack of performance i cannot recommend this product
the pump makes it difficult to control the amount of product pumped out
felt like the alcohol content was too high.
i like the convenience of the packaging
instead i'd purchase skyn's eye pen
started eliminating items from my routine
the cooling effect is amazing
then you can step up to one of the formulated products that actually gives results
as the bottle directs
such an unfortunate effect at the directed use
it oblast for about an hour
it is non-slip however, which is a plus.
or mixed with it
that combined with the price tag means a no from me
why do companies insist on adding fragrance
can dilute this product
which apparently isn't the preferred method
the concept of individual balls is revolutionary
i love the delivery system
i also get extremely oily after using this product
this is the smartest face cream formulation i have ever seen
i like the idea of the individual beads
give you a consistent amount of product
different for a face product
at my age that's a major requirement
i tried this based on a sales associates recommendation
it was very firming
it doesn't translate into making my skin look more firm
i used another foundation that is water based
topping it with different products
based on the description
the downfall to it is
i used it under one of my favorite foundations which i use frequently
overall it was a very mixed review
i find it better as a primer/mask alone versus under foundation
i know a lot of reviews ranked this items with 5 stars
despite allowing this to dry for
does not have long lasting primer effect
definitely not for oily/combination skin as the info states
it was more firm after applying
the product has other ingredients -- aimed at erasing age spots for example -- that would show their effectiveness over a longer course of time
this product may preform best as a primer
a very unique part of my morning regimen
better face primers without all the headache
the application method is not my preference
i've found some great products
packaging seems to outweigh product, in the case.
love to support 'made in north america' company with small batch manufacturing
i didn't return them since there isn't many options for organic/ natural products safe during pregnancy
it requires you to apply a thick layer yet the amount of this product is so little
i used it in a variety of ways
i used it several different ways: mixed with foundation
most of cover fx's products are bomb.com.
i also found the way the bottle delivers product to be pretty cumbersome
as expensive as this is
i really like the bottle with the dropper which can be re-used
does not blend well with other products.
both times did not produce desirable effects.
made my foundations separate
didn't work well prior to foundation
was a disaster if applied after
its an okay product
works well before foundation
mixed with my foundation
it is difficult to get out of the bottle because it has a dropper-type of dispenser
brought this product to use as both a primer
an over-the-make-up product
used it as a primer
i tried it as a primer.
i mixed it into foundation.
as countless other commenters have also mentioned
emilynoel83 is the only exception
one of the women recommended this product to me.
i tried it as a primer.
benefits the porefessional matte rescue works much better
i've used it under my foundation
i've used it with both high end
tried it as a primer
i generally find cover fx products to be high quality
i tried it as a primer
as a touch-up product
i very rarely give negative reviews
saw this product recommended by a youtuber
mixing it with foundation
mixed it in with my foundation
i used it as a primer
i mixed it with my foundation
i really like cover fx's products
also, make foundation hard to blend.
the product description said it will "reduce the look of shine
adding additional steps to my routine if the product works
i used this as directed
another issue i had with the product is the dropper is way to big
wasting tons of money in the process
unfortunately i fee like the only results i had was hydration
there are better alternatives
i like that this is lightweight
scent is not over powering at all which i appreciate
too expensive no results.
all of which proved ineffective
i developed more lines
as for the first reviewer
most sephora staff will give you options in various price ranges if you want to find an anti aging moisturizer
i like the packaging
tender when you are applying it to the face
there is no particular special benefit to my skin besides basic moisturizing
the product itself is extremely rich
the water content was low
you would need to address your dehydration needs separately
little-to-no technology in the cream
this product just ends up being an unnecessary step
what i object to is the complicated
the company would put much less money into deceptive
for 60 dollars i was expecting a complex formulation
look for more complex formulations that took effort to develop
it is very un-intensive
because there are better formulas for my taste
this product just exacerbates that
it's probably the most expensive product of its kind on the market
it does not illuminate
i see some mixed it with foundation
continue to read your reviews for more ideas
this product feels more a primer
i mixed it in with my foundation
this works best by itself or blended into foundation
this is probably best suited to be used by itself with a bit of setting powder
i can't believe this is rated as high as it is.
i'd use the benefit watts up
hence the three stars
it acts more like an illuminating primer
those with sensitive skin should avoid this product
i reach for this
it doesn't offer coverage in terms of color
surprisingly strong for a face product
best used for its light effects
the packaging for glamglow is what draws me in
i consider me skin combination
i still need more moisture then this provides
the benefits are thin to non-existent
like all glamglow products it comes with an unnecessarily high price tag
those are the pluses.
this actually controls oil really well
under medium coverage foundation
this isn't a daytime product
after a while even with primer
i even use similar products from other br
what i seriously dislike is the packaging that this product comes in
this product makes a lot of woo-woo claims about stem cells
especially based on the price
much prefer the $7 drugstore version
ideally help prevent breakouts
this is a controversial product for me.
the description for the product
they need to work on a more sturdy material.
good product, cheap packaging.
clinique does have some great products
toner are the winners from this line
my skin is notably more dull when i use this compared to other products i've used
chemicals that i can't identify
despite the product description
was therefore a good makeup base
this works as a primer.
it does a good job in terms of hydration
i typically use a primer from smashbox
this product reminded me of a primer
except for this product
no idea how to remedy it
this is the opposite of lightweight.
have incorporated so many of their products into my skincare routine
their essence for normal skin types
never from clinique products
nor does it prevent/reduce/block oil production or affect the appearance of pores
it works well under primer.
i would rave about it's performance in either the moisturizing factor or the priming factor
checked the ingredient list
one of the top ingredients is myristyl myristate which is extremely pore clogging
by attempting to combine a primer
the consultant also mentioned it would work as a primer
the roll-on applicator is not the best option for the use because as you apply it it takes it off
it was the only thing i could find with a substantial amount of zinc pca in its active ingredients
for me it made the product unusable
after incorporating this product into my routine
i like using products that multitask
was a underwhelmed by this product
i've used better make up removers for less money.
the effect of it gets compromised
looking at the ingredients
this product is just designed to create a barrier on the skin
upset with this product
the bottle is poorly
i did not use this product ling enough to comment on the benefits due to a very strong scent
the amount of fragrance in this product is appalling for it to be skin care
also long lasting on the skin
overall not a bad product.
for me that is the only positive feature of this product
this only tends to exacerbate that
it eliminates the need for a primer
it would be a good product for maintenance
nothing to offer for the 35-40 group
due to the fragrance i am unable to use
before it does i usually develop a headache
especially since it has questionable ingredients
i can't read most of the packaging
the twisting pump is very convenient
has some oil control properties
this being oil free seemed intriguing
an employee at sephora recommend this product to me
as well as with
this is a total gimmick
the packaging got me for this product.
any product with the word water
the application is so smooth
all of them that were included in the shipment
the consistency is very lightweight
what a waste (of my other products).
this should be marketed for those with dry skin
that being said- i'm not sure that it differentiates itself in the product category
all too often in this pricepoint i find that the products don't live up to a higher quality st
ard than others that are in the market
possibly used at a higher percentage than recommended for sensitive skin??
especially since this is marketed towards "makeup lovers"
the product was intended for oily/combination skin
i hate to give such a low rating
i used this product
for the mild outcome of it
concept of the packaging as it's practical
this packaging sets it apart
based on this alone i cannot recommend this product
lots of alcohol in this product
love the rest of origins products
was recommended this one
it was such a hassle to remove
was still almost impossible to peel off in a timely manner
the result is dry
this seemed very ineffective as a cleansing product
love origins products but this was the worst.
the directions should said "apply entire tube"
this product looks really cool since its rose gold
i usually love origin products
drying but average results
not to mention are less expensive
i don't notice any anti-aging benefits
if this toner interests you
am unlikely to repurchase as a drugstore micellar water works similar without the scent
they have the most innovative
it felt smooth upon application
ingredients are fairly good
it is not a very effective mask.
don't waste your money for the theoretical convenience of a 2-in-1 that is really just a zero
does not work to blend
which some people describe as light
found better results in other products.
this seems to be only a temporary tightener.
an employee at sephora assured me that it was "one of their most popular products"
very little actual product for $80.
delivery system is odd
this product works well with my combination skin
i love the simplicity of the product
it is at the bottom of the ingredient list
plus it is hard to find products geared toward my skin type in k-beauty lines
i expected it to be cooling
however there was no product up where the paper covers the container
a def win for its marketing department
after readings its reviews
the part where the paper covers the bottle
the product was absorbed
it was non irritating
plus i saw all the high reviews
expected great things based on the review
after such a disappointing first use
my nightly beauty routine should be effective
in comparison to other similar products
as i already use many lancôme products
i like that it can provide instant moisture.
it is also very light.
can't speak to the full range of benefits or how effective the product is when used long-term
after discontinuing my favorite skin care i have been searching for a replacement
the amount of artificial fragrance is the reason i wrote this review
i believe it is the serum aspect that hinders quick absorption
so prone to some sensitivities
skin care collection is 80% lancôme products
the sales associate said i would glow.
in addition to having alcohol
reading the other reviews
with miniscule amounts of plant extracts
i feel the product ages me based on its scent alone
looking at the rest of the ingredients
highly disappointed in this product.
agree with other users that fragrance in skin care products is bad
it comes across like its a cheap serum.
after that total breakdown
it is very potent
lightweight especially for the summer heat
however there are 2 cons that prevent me from giving it a high rating
the only product this spot was this
would recommend this for people with less reactive skin
which is more sensitive
have to apply an extra layer over it
use a different product for daytime
noticed the labeling on this product looked different
i feel like since the label on this product looks different
when i used to use this product
this product claims to be mattifying
the only benefit is the spf.
it blends well with my foundation
t is available in stores
mentioning this to perhaps help you save on shipping charges
this product is difficult to apply
which defeats my purpose in buying it for the spf quality
spf needs to be higher than 30 according to my dermatologist
as in the product
each time i use it i resent purchasing this item due to the misleading above-average ratings :
unfortunately its a very poor product
i tried applying a generous amount
at almost $10 more in price than other cleansers in the lancome line
it's good there's information on sephora's website because there's next to no information on the package
most of the description on the package is in other languages
when i initially applied the product
it is extremely illuminating
this would be the perfect product for mature skin
it does illuminate well
suppose use at your own risk depending on your skin's sensitivity
this product contains nine comedogenic ingredients
ylene glycol is mildly comedogeniccetearyl alcohol is mildly comedogeniccetyl alcohol is mildly comedogenicdimethicone is mildly comedogenicglyceryl stearate is mildly comedogenichexylene glycol is mildly comedogenicisostearyl neopentanoate is highly comedogenicsorbitan stearate is mildly comedogenic
i misread the label
give you the sensation of being refreshed based on the description
also had good reviews
could offer some skincare benefits
generally only in very specific spots
s after using it
was hopeful for the "holy grail" evening results of other reviewers
the hype is false.
i read about the purging phase
i don't buy into the argument that new products often 'purge" your skin
check out my full video to see a review
was hoping that the oil would help decongest my skin
this oil in particular claims to be a dry oil
this is a unique oil
i can use other face oils with the same amount of 2-3 drops
there is better oils for cheaper
not as well as a spot treatment
e it to this product alone for sure
any mask could bring that cleanliness.
i believe it was due to the citrus in the product
wasn't overly impressed with the results
it was a disappointing product
most fresh products are for me
until you took a look at the ingredient list
after looking at the ingredients
other than that, the consistency is so gross.
once i got past the unpleasant application process
i prefer other brands for face masks.
this mask is really gross!
especially not when i can buy a jar of the same condiment from the market for $5
the only downside is the consistency
the product is disappointing
i love fresh and use a lot of the rose products.
i used this mask a few times according to direction usage on jar
it is 50 percent fruit with the main active ingredient being derived from the fruit
too expensive for minimal results!
fresh it's a good company with many excellent products
the tool is cool
i would dispense 1/2 a pump
before it was reformulated
i definitely preferred the previous formula!
if you relied more upon an airless treatment pump
more of a low light version of nars hot s
her products are supposed to be natural
normally i love all products from this brand.
the product doesn't absorb well
highlights them instead of masking them
other reviews suggest being judicious in your application
this is a good alternative to the boscia luminizing black mask
the second ingredient is alcohol
it's an effective mask
the packaging is nice
the fact that it is self foaming
the major flaw for me is the packaging
other reviewers said it should be in a tub like container
s are already sticky
it does help improve tone
the tube is not very large
the new formula is thin
or whatever is recommended
this is a good basic eye cream for minimal needs.
as another reviewer commented
to optimally evaluate the product
i used this under the new caudalie resveratol
the product was recommended for me by employee at sephora for my oily skin
since it had all natural ingredients
i've tried it on multiple types of breakouts
found this product to be super irritating
would not recommend this product
is a little pricey for the benefits
is a bit high for such a small amount
i feel this product lower cost dupe would be burts bees mask
as the name suggests
this has amazing packaging!
i feel like this is one of those products that sells you on the packaging
i also used the product on other areas
i enjoyed applying the mask.
read so many glowing reviews for it on sephora
honey products start to lose their activeness over time
even if the packaging is on point
purchased this mask after seeing the beautiful packaging
sephora sells other masks that leave my skin with much better results
one star for outstanding packaging.
peter's products aren't aimed towards people with sensitive skin
worse than most sulfur products
i get my money's worth out of than false packaging
reading reviews from others or recommendations in magazines
did not leave a luminating glow as the product described
the product itself is very thin.
in terms of the formula, i liked it.
like other fresh products
continuous quenching so oil based products work better for me
i used it as a primer.
while i like the theory behind this treatment
i didn't find is overly hydrating or "plumping" either after several uses following the directions
its extremely strong, almost overpowering.
used it as directed
contains mineral oil as the main ingredient
for these reasons i rated it three stars
perfect timing on delivery- got home
tried this new product
expensive for a product where the entertainment is the magnet that removes the product off the face
any essential oils that i actually wanted we're at the bottom of the ingredients list
my experience was not favorable with this product
it does have a huge amounts of oil after the magnets are took off
the magnet in theory is compelling
the product itself is odd
without all the hassle
no lifting or firming
this packs quite a punch
the biggest wow is the magnet
that can lose its fascination after a few applications
it is time consuming with little to no results.
i saw absolutely no benefits after 3 uses
it applies very smoothly
s on it while the promo code offer lasts
poor design on the jar as well
it will likely wreak havoc
the magnet + iron combination feels more like a marketing novelty to bring in cash than an actual "miracle" product
i followed the instruction
the product information doesn't mention how much niacinamide one bottle contains
it says use one to two drops daily
i've never had a product deplete that quickly
difficult to apply per the directions!
while the product is easy to put on
save your money for a better mask.
love all other murad products in my routine
cannot think of one product i've used from the renewal line that has a noticeable scent
interchanging my products i am nearly positive that this product gives me some form of contact dermatitis or just isn't suitable for sensitive skin
after changing other face products
minus 1 star for packaging.
my entire face is fairly sensitive
put this on the shelf
the pump dispenser did not work
there are many other facial cleaning products that consider functionality
only if the item is repackaged
the pump which makes it very convenient to use
i give the packaging 5 stars
only 2 for my personal experience
why does this product have to be dispensed like basic h
it serves good as a second cleanse step
tried this out based on all the positive reviews
feels good immediately after application
this one is light weight
then followed my usual routine of utilizing my beauty oil
had to apply another layer to alleviate it
nothing age prevention about.
its very light weight
it is extremely lightweight
does not stick out amongst other anti-aging
i rather use other products than this.
for the same experience
the cleaner from the same youth to the people line
my skin is average
the product itself is worth 5 stars
it is not worthy for $48 on 2 oz.
i try and use cleaner more natural products.
the ingredient profile looks amazing
start using different product
improve the quality of my skin
usually sephora reviews are pretty reliable
this is a expensive product
more on the foundation side
not the easiest to blend out
none of the products are suited for my skin
from the description of this product
the "universal" shade is not a good fit
i planned on covering it with a foundation
foundation is necessary to cover product just like the directions state
i read reviews of this product
the color correction was very effective
even after applying my fair foundations
also really cakey from using 2 highcoverage products on top of each other
i will continue to experiment with various brushes
i prefer a natural look
even under a full coverage foundation
plus the dispenser stops dispensing at around 3/4 empty
too many harsh chemicals.
based on this i didn't use
cruelty free is hard to find
which allows it to be more effective
this is a really hard product to review properly
the flaws are kind of super important
read all the reviews
purity by philosophy works better.
there are similar products with less chemicals
that are much more cost effective
the reviews on this product were amazing
which is irregular for me
i used this primer for a week using different foundations
the only reason i'm giving one star is because of the packaging
foundation with high expectations
many primers do that as well
i like the packaging because it has a pump
also the pump wasn't working well for mine
when i used this primer
the product also separates in the tube
the primer has separated
i believe it offers a natural finish
2 stars for ease of use
too expensive to be ineffective
specifically in the areas the cream was applied
got this one based on reviews
the product claims that you'll see results instantly
the fine lines increased
my more detailed review video is below.
the formula is stellar!
this product is not it
provides a lot of product for a relatively low price
the search continues for a miracle under eye cream
that is the best eye liner i have ever used
had high hopes with this product
will use up this supply along with grape seed oil for undereye area
to see a more in-depth review check out my you tube review
this is not a highlighter by any means
i usually don't have an issue with breakouts
or a combination of the two
after doing some research on this cream
the cream is not transforming
i usually buy belief moisture bomb
it would be an excellent option
not combination skin like mine
had such high hopes.
i used about 1/3 of the product
this product works fairly well to correct my red skin
especially because there are similar drugstore products for a fraction of the price
i will use the current jar i have
despite the high spf
such a simple product was such a disappointment
it was such a waste of money.
girls with combo skin should use with caution!
while it does offer some coverage
which defeats the purpose
further try it out with different application techniques
harsh treatment does not work
well after applying the product to my face
all of the positive reviews
my first use of this product was a success
worked well as a 'natural' foundation with the added bonus of spf
some reviews for this product mentioned it worked well for lighter skin tones
even with a setting powder.
this does neutralize it
the color correcting treatment was a bonus.
it was not very blendable
i just use my fingers, no tools required.
the color blends in well initially
i closely follow instructions
this one is the worst.
i tested its efficacy using a make-up wipe
as some other reviewers have noted
as i don't notice any distinct advantages over other products that don't smell
it's okay to use in conjunction with another product
i own an embarrassing amount of masks etc.
many users of this noticed significant hydration.
my more detailed review video is below.
most of my products are from this br
it was like using a typical
i generally like caudalie products
the product is touted as being great under makeup
it's on a level of drug store cream in that regard at a much higher price tag
it was sod to me on a very high recommendation from a "skin expert" in the store
low score for awful product
one star for poor customer service
was using this product!
unless it has permanent/lasting effects
the product spreads easily
i cannot believe they market this as lightweight
glad to see skincare labeled as non comodegenic as those are the only products i buy
i would not recommend it for sensitive skin.
i worked in esthetics for a long time
chip after a couple of uses
other natural active elements
you're paying 80% extra for packaging.
nor did it reduce any line of expression.
her line release under eye repair cream is far much better
is not suitable for ultrasensitive skin like mine
like permanent wave solution
started using this to try to remedy that
i got this as a free gift with an online order.
provides some oil control
this for the foundation
contrary to the directions on the bottle
which by the way was not water proof
depending on your skin type this may be a great addition
the packaging is horrible
i love that this company does not test on animals
this is the total opposite
looked at the ingredients
the first is water
for this expensive of a product i expected to wake up with soft skin
still needs good thorough cleansing
is nothing more than a run of the mill vegetable based cleansing bar
which is the main reason i double cleanse
for reference i have dry
), my skin must have adjusted to this product.
the packaging and product itself are lovely!
i will continue to use the oil.
this oil needs to be dissolved
just use the oil part
using a bar to wash with isn't the most ideal
i got this product free from nfluenster for testing purposes
overall very satisfied with the products results.
glowing after using this product
it comes with an oil
i also found the oil extremely messy.
i like the package design
convenient for travel so 3stars
the concept behind it
my normal cleansing routine has always been a 2 steps process
after using this product
the bottle of oil could use a better design
the packaging design made storage easy
started using just the kit by itself
i like the presentation
*i received this for reviewing purposes at no cost
this product is mixed for me.
it was also not ideal for the shower.
this isn't uncommon for me when switching skin products
coconut oil since less product works best for me
even though the product is supposedly formatted for those with sensitive skin
this set is surprisingly harsh
considering it claims to be suited for sensitive skin
easy to incorporate into my skin car routine
after i decided to deal with the scent i made the mixture with the measurements the instructions said
after some use this hasn't proven to provide that
the good news: this is a large amount of product compared to other eye creams
the container is big
based on the excellent reviews
what was stated in the description
i used the entire bottle
this is the second time i'm reviewing this product
will cause irritation beyond imaginable
the hype around this product
have been experimenting with it
its essentially a petroleum jelly like consistency
i just use it as a primer for my powder highlight
i used my beauty reward points to try this primer out
i applied it under my foundation
it would be amazing under foundation since this is super holographic
just for highlighting areas
it would serve a better purpose as a spot highlighter reserved only for the high planes of the face
crafts project all over your face
it is also very light weight
probably best used as a subtle highlight or highlight primer
in the lighting i was initially under
s that had leftover product
this product is for you
this product is basically a very light (i.e.
i rely on them before purchasing a product
apply before foundation or foundation powder.
this would add highlights
my more detailed review video is below
due to the application trouble
i would rate this as an average product!
the main ingredient is not something that can even penetrate skin
skin becomes dependent on the synthetic oil.
the pros about this eye cream is that it definitely provides moisture
in terms of reducing fine lines
not genetic dark circles might find it more effective
my largest problem area
because of that i can’t really report any long term benefits
the product is lightweight
also didn't see any anti aging benefits.
i did experience some sensitivity issues
i used this product religiously, it doesn't work.
it is sensitive to breaks outs
a sephora worker recommended this product.
this was recommended to me at sephora for fine lines
not necessary for the very short term results
overall i'm convinced there are other products out on the market in this price range that perform better
which i thought was too "chemical
moisturizer in one" implies that it will be replacing those products in your routine
it was a temporary fix
the instructions tell you to use 1-2 pumps.
the product wouldn't absorb
am pleased that product has been enhancing my skin
this product will impact your skin for the better
it looked great upon first application
i will use it as that instead as a primer
it’s just that “dewy glow” from the light-reflecting substances in the primer
just not of my personal preference
use a different primer for those.
obvious by the title
i switched to this based on the recommendation of a sephora cast member
she recommended this as a solution to both problems
only product i have tried by first aid beauty
using the same products i've been using since christmas
i usually love first aid products
my smashbox primer on top
so not a complete waste of money
i used this as directed
the product is rather sticky
like purity made simple
is total false advertisement
41 years old with realistic expectations
love the pump/packaging
the ingredient list shows it's packed full of silicones with any useful
ingredients in much smaller quantities
applying it was like applying cheap h
i used this mask as directed twice
the reviews were great
i tried it several times as directed at different levels of irritation
i found the product to be rather thin
t cannot be an expired product
expected the product is heavy
i tried applying less
made the application frustrating
didn't control oil very well
didn't perform well for my skin type which is combo
i didn't notice an extension of my foundation wear or any additional hydration so sadly
works well as a primer.
applied "liberally" this $140 product.
is pleasant application experience
mainly to oil-free products
it does live up to its name- it fees like cloud
that smooth application is great
moral of the story: always patch test!
they praised it for its potent hyaluronic acid in it
now i don't mind the ingredient if it is at the bottom of the list
this is at the top
it didn't provide any firming
it is difficult to apply
it gives me a little spf protection
i found the formulation to be an effective oil controlling primer
it also doesn't ever really blend in or adhere to skin
works well as a primer
the real problem is that they claim the shade is universal
it can be blended to a point
if i blended any more
maybe 10 uses at most
the packaging is cheap feeling
it's a cushion foundation package
as noted by others
although this product delivers on its matte promise
cheaper alternatives are out there
secondly the package is pretty giant
this product is just another one to add to that list
wearable formulas on the market
this product lacks elegance and is unacceptable.
i'd tolerate all of this for a waterproof
is a must to have sun protection
creates a greasy base unsuitable for makeup application over top
the spf is fairly high
where it falls o the ingredient list is rather alarming
as it is in larger quantities than actual beneficial ingredients
difficult to use as directed
i read tens of good reviews about this product
i've followed the usage directions
sought help for sephora employees
it is important for customers to have access to genuine reviews
deleting them isn't good practice
using the product sparingly
the product itself is excellent.
also did not provide any clarity
i don't usually return products
i like this mask because of its quality products
i do tend towards sensitivity
its a nice acid product for first timers.
when the boscia oil-free daily hydration was discontinued
the contents were already mixed together so no cool packaging for me
after every single use.
i like the concept of this product
it is fully absorbed
helps after 1 or 2 uses at most
perhaps it would be best worn layered with other products
giving it 1 star for the package
i tried this product with high hopes.
don't get much by way of benefits over the argan oil
all those products cost much less than this
this product was supposed to be 11x more concentrated?
such as help with controlling oil
glass portion contains the concentrate
rest of the bottle is just packaging
claimed to be instant skin changer
will spare no expense
this oil for the price isn't any more potent
great marketing on the part of josie maran.
mixes well with other products
my more detailed review video is below.
as for its performance
this is an extremely rich and heavy product.
more oily than expected
if not, get tidal!
the packaging is a bit of a concern for me
it seems that the stability of the product is jeopardized by the oxygen exposure
i will only be sticking with tidal
while i find that the tidal one doesn't
bought after reading many positive reviews on this product
it's sub-par in so many ways
not enough to warrant the "foaming" in its title
this product just seemed to enhance it
some cons are: slightly less oily
was suggested this product by employee after using the kiosk
product states for normal to dry skin.
for reference, i used this with a clarisonic.
considering this is supposed to be a deep cleaning product
all it did was create a ton of texture
i also tried teaming this with both a light
i used an entire bottle
which is what attracted me to this product
which is normal while your skin adjusts to a new formula
once i did further research on the product it stumbled upon the fact that it contains mineral oil which my skin does not agree with
i will finish the product
also the ingredients are not the best
time to switch to a more natural brand.
i will stick with that version.
the downsides are that
which should be expected with a product made of kelp
wonder how the anti oxidants contained in this product are stabilized in an open jar container
healthy skin is the result of a system
my more detailed review video is below.
is an elite line
the coverage is light
formula is too light weight for me personally
this is a more recent formula
i'll stick with the original
it was easy to apply
i feel this cream has more cons than pros.
always tap the product in
there are better, cheaper alternatives.
did philosophy change the ingredients?
the smart filtering serum is a good addition to the shiseido range
i received this @shiseido ibuki smart filtering smoother complimentary from @influensterca to try about a month ago
which isn't its intended use
i'll continue using the product to use it up
i received this product complementary from influenster for testing purposes
the instructions weren't so explicit.
the product built up
i'd say this product is great on its own
it acts as a smart filter
assumed it was a primer
i received the shiseido ibuki smart filtering smoother serum free for review
also this is not a primer!
i then emailed biossance directly asking if they include the protective plastic lid
the positive is that i like the lightweight
my primary concern is combating dark circles
i felt as a consumer
every review on this product is 5 stars
in comparison this oil doesn't perform as described
it is heavy oil
as well as their other oil with the rose hip
this is an ideal essential oil for that issue
the packaging is great
while the price is great compared to many other eye treatment products
it says it "diminishes
i rarely return items
the negatives are that it doesn't have a very hygienic delivery system
power eye cream radical new age
it comes in a red compact jar that fits just about anywhere
purpose of the eye cream are not clearly stated on the packaging
in addition to this product i also used the wipes
hydrator from the find your balance line
i found that it performed as an average "oil control" cleanser
i found the formula to be very oily
out of the rest of the olehenriksen oil control products
i reduced the usage of it
intend to try the toner in this line
my oils were very much controlled
report if it improved
while i like some other products by this br
despite it's claims to control oil
this one is supposedly loaded with aha's
does not control oil.
that is with benefits porefector primer
cooling effect was wonderful
the overall formula feels sticky after applying
plus sensitive skin type
for free in exchange for my honest review
i will start off with the packaging
this is not the best choice for oil-control hydration
toner from the find your balance line
for such an expensive product
out of the 3 products in this line
this agreed better with my combination sensitive skin
watched a video this product is not easy to use
the enclosed instructions referred to products that weren't there
the dispenser was inaccurate
application was inconsistent with the dispenser problems
i recommend keeping expectations low
my issue is solely with the bottle itself.
i like the packaging
even with setting powder
the product is lacking hugely
sheerer alternative to a traditional foundation for spring
i found this product to be drying.
it is definitely suited for more mature
what a complete waste of my money!
since i rely on reviews for products
i appreciate time others take to review products
very unpleasant experience all around with this serum
judging from the other reviews
there are other products that share a similar light consistency without the horrid scent
like the formula of this
more each time to compensate
the product itself is fine
the ingredients seem excellent
the new formula is not to my liking
regardless of skin care routine
the worst product ever.
which has no proven benefit to skin
when i'd try mixing it with foundation
the packaging is nice
i add this product into my foundation
from the description it says it’s suitable for oily skin
for those who praise this oil
gold has no health benefits when used in this manner
the first ingredient is water.
i would see this elixir everywhere on social media
according to the bottle this product is supposed to have a 12 month shelf life
makes me question the quality of ingredients
there are so many organic face oils out there that are 1/4 the price
those oils are a whole lot cheaper
i tend to reach for my other oils more
the price tag is high for a concoction of fairly affordable oils
other than the meaningless gold infused marketing
pumpkin seed oil are the only worthwhile ingredients in the product
with all due respect
i've used it multiple ways
i hope they reformulate this.
farsáli's unicorn essence is an extremely hyped up product on social media
aside from these minor pros
after integrating it into my skin care routine
all skin types widely vary
several times i saw this product used in makeup tutorials
there are much better primers available
makes application very easy
this is a waste of moneys.
tried this a variety of ways
which is good for a primer
the description is already somewhat vague.
not the greatest primer either
the ingredients are junk
testing it throughout the day before purchasing
the rose gold elixir is a much better choice.
just break it down: too many negatives to be efficient skincare
your customers are getting more intelligent with their purchases
primer which works well
i buy a lot of different products to test
or one that gains its popularity
notoriety primarily by relying on ig / youtube influencers to push their products
give their unbiased results
it has been advertised primarily as a "primer"
as skin care as it reads on the package
why a product at this price should contain dyes
the rest of the ingredient list is filler.
this product is a sham.
it is a complete waste of money.
this product uses ingredients that are known to cause cancers
will not be reordering
too expensive for the disappointing results.
as far as skin benefits go
i used it sparingly
assumed that this was a great product based on these facts
which was not waterproof
my more detailed review video is below.
i am not recommending to use it
just look at the ingredients list
you'll see the first ingredient is "water"
this new product is
it didn't help with oil control
this product is strictly for people with oily skin
the powder film isn't only in one area
the old formula was perfect: lightweight
this new formula is greasy
i got this specifically for the high levels of spf
if the temp is low
the smell is def not like the other "perfect world" products
compared to origins oil-free night cream
i used origins a perfect world with spf 25 for over a year
recently origins replaced it with this
the formula is completely different
gross it doesn't spread properly
i'll use it for the spf
anti aging properties until it's done
the original origins spf 25 was great !
the old formula was light
the new formula is thick
i used the old formula of this product
this new formulation is much heavier
just to confirm that the new formulation is indeed different
the new one is heavy and sticky.
i am very upset with the reformulation of this product
this new formula is thick
i feel like this product only enhances it
although the formula is really soft
it did not deliver on its' description
the ingredients is not listed anywhere !!
this primer claims to mattify the skin
please bring the old formulation back.
this new re formulation is the most disgusting thisng i have ever put on my skin
it is so heavily fragranced that both timesi used it
expecting it to be a simple repackaging
replaced it with a very different mediocre product
i will try for the third time to submit a review for this product
this is a complete reformulation of the classic
the prior product is now discontinued.
as a completely different formula
it is much stickier than the previous iteration
the ingredients are vastly different
this is also a more expensive product for lower quality product
foaming action is very poor also
simple has a very similar micellar water with no scent for a quarter of the price
my only issue with it is that it is extremely fragranced
my more detailed review video is below.
had high expectations for this product because philosophy is a great br
the reviews are great
the very big downfall of this product is the package
this is the worse dropper i've ever used
i love that this is loaded with good ingredients
my more detailed review video is below.
too expensive to use on a daily basic :(
t requires a lot of product to cover your face
never trust the reviews!!
purchased as a replacement for a discontinued moisturizer
but had good spf coverage.
the hunt continues for me.
thoroughly disappointed with online ordering
i'll be returning this product.
really was sticky upon application
then becomes completely ineffective
variants on the market
the mask is in 2 parts
comes with the package
more then enough ampoule provided
on arms etc- recommended not to as its sticky
just a warning: be super carful removing it from the package
i used the mask exactly as directed
jart + products however this is one of the worst products i have ever tried in any beauty line
the mask fell apart easily which made for a complicated application
my more detailed review and how-to is below.
i followed the directions on the package
i enjoyed the process of using this mask
this one functions okay
the results of the two step application process seems similar to normal one step face masks
compared to their vital hydra mask
i would recommend the vital hydra
many better moisturizers at lower prices
some of its claims are gimmicky
otherwise i'd look for an alternative
i continued with applying my foundation
did feel great upon initial application
i discontinued using it
generally use a water cream due to my skins combination nature
i've bought comparable moisturizers for less than the market price with about three times the product in the packaging
wasn't worth replacing all my other products for
they definitely achieved the namesake.
i can add this to the list of products that don't work
unlike her other products
didn't produce enough results to warrant an $85 purchase for such a tiny bottle
combined it with the fairly new clinique fresh pressed serum
it was the only new addition to my routine
gel is the best option for cooling
this is my second review.
i cannot recommend this
the ingredients are good.
another de product that remains sticky on the skin for a while
love most of the other de products though!
i used this product religiously for 2
i started using this product to help prevent
because it preserves the ingredients
will just be sticking with the other wonderful de products
it is fast-absorbing as well as slightly firming
this, however, is the exception.
most waaayyy cheaper than this
when i applied both of these products in my house with the air-conditioning on
bought the whole regimen
the right amount is dispensed without waste.
i like the way it is packaged
on to another product now.
dispenser was good too as it provided just enough product
this was a complete waste of my money
the packaging is terrible also.
for as much as this costs
- i even like the packaging.
my issue is mainly with the packaging.
with no other cap for security
yet the product still leaks?
buy a product with a much better packaging ploy
having read previous review about a packaging fail
my only problem is that the packaging leaks everywhere
de please fix this one flaw
the packaging for it is horrible
were working on a new design
purchased this during the rouge early release
the problem with it is the package.
the rest of the de packaging is so clever
the packaging was tough to work with
hope it gets reformulated or a gentler version comes out
the packaging is terrible, however.
the bottle leaked more product than i'd even used
also the cap is a bit challenging to use.
i gave this basically an average of our two reviews
my more detailed review video is below.
the first time i used the cleaner
continued using it for both cleansing
the packaging is also weird
i did not have any leakage problems with the packaging
it was difficult to dispense the product
use several items from their line
the packaging on this product is really poorly designed
it is a "click-2-close" mechanism with the opening on the bottom of the cleanser
when i first used the product
i advise anyone who purchases this to close the lid tightly beyond the click
i cannot risk having it leak all the time
as far as the actual function of the cleanser
a few uses in though
that it was travel friendly
which they don't disclose in any material
the saving graces include it not being drying
seems to be the cool girl ecoconscious alternative to more natural products
it uses microbeads that are known to cause environmental damage
i consider this false advertising.
coupled with the issue of this product not being as vibrantly green as on the sephora website
which could be a breeding ground for bacteria
this cleanser is nice i can see the appeal due to how compact it is
what it's utility is
i am keeping it for collectible purpose it serves
the benefits cannot outweigh the awful scent
t's hard to comment on the effectiveness
like some of the other reviewers mentioned
i won't be reordering
it shrinks incredibly fast i've only use it twice
store it as directed as well
but its 1/2 gone and i've used it 3x.
my review and demo are at the link below.
my disappointment comes from the longevity of the product
it is difficult to find a place to store it between uses
it provided a wholly un-enjoyable face washing experience
i love when companies are innovative
that it is shrinking quickly
i am sure that per "ounce" of product is very expensive compared to the traditional pump cleanser
use i think i prefer the traditional pump
this is super innovative
this is a basic mask
too expensive for a basic cream.
however purchased their lotus youth preserving cream several times
it sinks in quickly upon application which is nice
the issues that make me give it three stars is that this contains sodium hyaluronate
my more detailed review video is below.
this product was the only change in my skin care regimen
t has to be the culprit
have also layered it with other products
for those of you who don't know fragrance is mainly comprised of alcohol
my search still continues.
extremely wet to apply, must use minimal amount.
then follow up with a moisturizer or cream that is dependent on what i need to address
this has been a staple
reactive skin which breaks out easily from the wrong products
the quantity of this product is ample
after i discontinued use
uses it on all of her clients
i found the sephora one most effective
that's only because i don't have extensive experiences with serums
this product is far too expensive for such poor results
the instructions say to use 5 or 6 drops to cover the entire face
because i have to use more drops than recommended
with all of the bells
i'll be returning to my product from origins.
not sure why the description says it does not contain propylene glycol when it is listed as the fourth ingredient?
firming was the best one
this product did not firm or tighten my skin
especially for how affordable it is
have used various other products containing retin a
as alguronic acid which is in the majority of algenist products
i also wish this were packaged in a container other than a jar
my review video below has more details on this product
upon further inspection it's far from
you go further down the ingredient list
i assume to aid in firming?
a slew of other beneficial ingredients
much less "waterlike" vs for example
i think the marketing
therefore this was a total waste of money.
i've tried a couple of laneige products with mixed results
the reviews for the water bank cream were high
give an honest review
i tend to use a lot of glamglow products
after reading all the great reviews
due to the high amounts of alcohol
especially given its having made the allure cut
definitely not usable as an am cream
use the spf/environmental protection daily
this seems to be the culprit
the instructor highly recommended it
other brands need to do that.
this also contains denatured alcohol which is thankfully near the bottom of the ingredient list
my video below has a more detailed review....
when i'm sketchy about the ingredients
as the ingredients suggest
whether a natural source or not
overall its moisturizing capabilities is mediocre
as per the instructions
see if this mask produces results
lives up to its claims with continued use
can give it a glowing review
my more detailed review video is below
i followed the instruction
as this product description
i gave it 3 stars because of the packaging.
as soon as this product launched on the sephora website i snagged it
one of the claims from this product is that it gives an instant
doesn't offer much coverage
need a low maintenance routine
i will continue to use this product
this is a small tube at that
the coverage of this is also very minimal.
the ingredients in this product are amazing
it makes sense due to the spf
i chose the color fair
made it somewhat more firm
the trial size packaging was a little tricky
i've tried much better serums for a fourth of the price
which is necessary for akin repair
i've never expected to use a skin care product
was a little disappointed to see that it contained mineral oil
the product felt heavy
the serum has a fantastic concept behind it to combine two in one
although this may be the firming properties at work
no other products applied during this time
i would recommend sampling this product before purchasing if you have sensitive skin or are bothered by fragrances
now doesn't include mineral oil in the ingredients
use a different product instead
i did get this for free for testing purposes.
this is much more accurate.
it did not deliver any of the products claims
this product was annoying that it made such claims
i do use this and the line release.
most likely from the air pollution
found that just after a few uses the bottle was substantially lower in product
hard to not waste product
according to the precious reviews it works miracles
i just wish they hadn't included the fragrance which is very high on the ingredient list
they're using the same marketing strategy on sephora reviews
sephora launched this product on 8 august
i've seen how this company works
i work in marketing also
there is nothing customers trust more than other customer reviews
its very very light
not a jar for hygienic reasons
will probably use a micellar water beforeh
sometimes to an extreme length because of the menthol
i should note that my skin is combination.
since it is a gel consistency
this new "look" comes with a new watered down formula loaded with fillers
the ingredient table had completely changed.
i also think that it might have been internally drying therefore increasing sebum production
for the most part
the results from the product are fine
which of course gives a tightening effect
read some reviewers that had the same experience
decided to use it to completion before choosing to replenish or not
definitely supported cell turnover on my skin
chose this formula based on other reviews i read
as well as the formulation
based on some of the other reviews
while i apply it
it was recommended by a sales associate
this product helped with my dry areas
this product felt great upon first application
those two components can be very irritating
especially for those with sensitive
ill use the rest of the tube
required multiple passes with the cleanser
after years of using philosophy purity with my clarisonic
this is not for combination skin
especially that despite the drought
oil started to develop very quickly in those dry areas
haven't yet reaped the benefits
at least use the bottle
maybe my standards are too high.
expected more from this product
i recommend this for normal skin types.
i am constantly searching for a better product
people are mislead by these reviews
this product may live up to all of its claims
it does not transform
it is not lightweight
the idea behind this product
i only like to use a mosituizer with spf for day use
when it has this product
it was such a waste
very sensitive skin that will not allow any *useful* amounts of retin a
instructions say to use this
what with the "glowing" claims
using my usual primer
i tested different ones
which can cause reactions
i like the formula
the way it applies
the new formula contains alcohol
please update your ingredients list to match the new formula
as it was highly recommended by staff
the product absorbed very easily
the ingredients on the new bottle/package are not the same as the ones listed on the website
it is now fourth on the new package.
other ingredients that were higher on the sephora/ole henriksen website
lower on the actual product packaging include orange extract
there is now alcohol in this product
i find this to be misleading especially since this is not an inexpensive product
this is being generous
discovered the formula is very different
i no longer trust this brand.
plus i have semi sensitive skin
i suspect that this product has a very short shelf life
the problems with this product are the stickiness
i like the packaging
which i don't like in face treatment products since they are an irritant
essential oil or otherwise
couldn’t recommend it more for those with combination skin like mine
i read something similar below
as it was recommended by a sephora employee
it has great mattifying power
really holds your oils in place
it has highly comedogenic ingredients which i discovered 2 months after using this
i decided to search the ingredients
when used with the matching products from this same line
this product caused neither
contrary from the amazing reviews
the cream is quite effective for that.
unable to test out its effectiveness for scarring
i found that it was not effective in reducing pore size
i developed little white heads from using this product
this product, however, was disappointing.
i got this based on a recommendation from an employee
this is a thick cream that takes a substantial amount of time to fully absorb
switched to another line of products
the consistency is very similar
i love fresh and i use their full product line.
i agree with other reviewers- it is more like a balm
live i the harshest of climates- avoid
too soon to tell regarding wrinkle reducing properties
this product is not absorbed by the skin.
makes make-up application impossible
this cream is very expensive for no results.
i applied very sparingly
i researched this product
with the romance of how this product is created
definitely prefer the renewed version.
opted for the original
i would use this product
my skin has cleared up after discontinuing use
the bottle itself is now cheap
this product is rated "high" overall by ewg
for containing ingredients linked to developmental
the formula is totally different
my skin does not respond well to new formula
this product it gives an ultimate moisture to my skin
s reputation i expected a lot
say i didn't get the opportunity to test the moisturizer's efficacy because the smell is incredibly intolerable
the product is effective
e product evenly over face
it is such a poor product for me
the new formula does not immediately absorb
also use a number of other philosophy products.
i can find more economical lightweight
i would recommend this product for a non- sensitive skin
it works rather than spend 40$ for this product
i know there's a "purging" phase where the skin just needs to adjust to the product
it isn't uncommon to have an initial purge with retinols
ingredients just aren't strong enough to be effective for my skin needs
will consider repurchasing when number one skin concern is anti-aging
overall, it is an average product.
especially after reading others' reviews
hoping the two combined will really yield great results
i think this product contains 1% formulation which is mid-strength for over the counter retinol
with the hope for some anti aging benefits as well
i plan to try the rose gel next.
or dark circles as is promotes
it didn't produce enough benefits to be a keeper
that was the extent of the benefits
based upon her recommendation
the description of the product
the product is light
refreshing which of course is a plus
hence the three stars.
i'd call this the perfect product
had really high hopes for this product when a sales person recommended this
though i find this product effective
the only plus point is the great packaging
this was recommended to me in store as a great product for helping with puffyness
one of the sephora associates recommended this product to me
no benefits or retained moisture.
calm effect which i'm sure is from the cucumber ingredient found in the product
although i applied it correctly
this review isn't about those products
i would recommend reading the review of this on beautypedia
i feel like this is a basic clay mask you could buy from a health food store for $8
after using masks from origins
i prefer the bar version
i used the bar version before realizing there was a less messy version of this product
sticking with the bar version
use this product with caution....
i used other caudalie products
i normally use this product
after experiencing sensitive or reactive skin lately with many other pretty expensive goods
you should rename this product as it cleanses nothing
this one is gentle as it advertised.
caudalie changed the formula of this
t used to say "non comedigenic" on the package
i loved the product before it changed formulas.
as the other reviewer pointed out
this was the recommendation
a fail-safe for my sensitive
i will be changing brands.
i never used the original formula
bought this product based on staff recommendation
they have "reformulated" it
now i have to experiment
then all the packaging changed
as well as the formula
now this new formula is completely different
not your new generation
the sales person assured me that the new bottle had the same formula
other reviews have recommended using a cotton pad during removal
i believe it is due to the oil in this product
i'll now be hunting for a new cleanser as this doesn't meet the caudalie st
caudalie has been reformulating some of their products
additionally the product has been modified.
also the product was very oily.
i agree with one of the other reviewers.
i prefer the original formula
i may be forced to change brands.
even when i cleansed twice per the sephora lady's recommendation
soft for the most part
e my experience in case someone else's skin reacts similarly
when i initially used this product
or probe even normal skin
i would not recommend for sensitive
use so many boscia products
is a complete waste of money
i trusted them with this "new" product.
i would have rated it four stars for that
which taints the remaining product in the tip for future use
the whole process feels unhygienic
i like the design of the treatment a lot.
you just twist the bottom to release the product.
i also found the packaging to be hard to work with
had such high hopes.
the tube is poorly packaged
only one twist of product each time
the application is a weird pen that you need to twist the bottom to release the contents
bought this product to replace the origins spot treatment
most treatments that i use work to some extent
i gave it 2 stars because the packaging
had high hopes for this product
the ingredients just aren't active enough.
difficult to use or messy
in comparison to similar products on the market
also one of the most ineffective
work on using it as prescribed
was recommended this eye cream due to the quality
the reviews online were also mostly great
at first i used the product
as i continued using it
the search goes on...
no amazing anti aging properties.
or have to waste because of delivery issues
as a long time consumer
clearly the customer comes last with boscia.
there are other great products that offer similar results
since the expectation was high
this is the product
which helps foundation application
anyway, the search continues..
i used the entire bottle
even with prolonged usage
i usually am super impressed with korres products in general
doesn't deliver as advertised
with further investigation i found out this was in fact a moisturizer
this was the common factor
using this products made me breakout
i would highly recommend this product to anyone with dry skin
its lighter than i'm used to
the cleansing power is pretty minimal
use this product no problem
it claims to be gentle
ordered this product based on the really good review
i enjoy philosophy's other products
this was my first foray into high end cleansers
doesn't compare to any of the other benefit products
this is an exact match
based on the number of high scoring reviews maybe i'm the one with the problem?
it is fine initially
this product was included in my monthly play!
i did a few experiments with it
consultant recommended this product as i have sensitive skin
i think the cleansing properties were average
improved with use of a clarisonic unit
after reading so many positive reviews
this is the first time i've disliked a murad product
serves its purpose of trying to renew skin
it's a very natural product to improve the health of skin
reason for "average rating" is that for this small purpose bottle
it serves only this purpose
i expected more for the cost of having only vitamin a
very disappointed with the packaging
which i prefer slightly
i'd recommend saving yourself the trouble
the packaging of this stuff though
the packaging is amazing
the product was expensive
i didnt fully like this product
as recommended by the sephora employee
just emphasizing the pore more
ii got very little results
i much prefer gel-based formulas
most of the reviews associated with this product are for a former version
they recently switched to a new packaging
the new formulation is thicker
i give it two stars because the packaging was made for us germ conscious people
the dermadoctor rep recommended this
this is a complete waste of money
this product came highly recommended
sephora has an excellent return policy.
using the product exactly as directed
are something i'm very self conscious about
am still on the hunt for a remedy
thank you sephora for excellent customer service.
hence the 3 instead of 5 stars
the reason i gave it 3 stars is the packaging
that the reason behind the pump is to keep the product sterile
could provide more attention to fine lines
over priced based on performance.
sales associate insisted product would be ideal for me??
i've used a bit less than half the container
had high hopes for this product.
being very similar to the mask
this product has so many good reviews.
perhaps they changed the recipe.
the reviews for this bar are all raves
as this is clay
its very time consuming to apply
not effective at all
find it at your local health or bulk food store
although i like the idea of selling clay in a compact bar
tried as spot treatment as well
i see others have posted excellent reviews
needs lots of water to spread.
it does deliver on that.
i used it daily
like many other reviewers have stated
had high hopes for this product
nothing like the current product i use
after hearing so many rave reviews about this product
requiring extra attention to cover up
is slightly more difficult to use
i tried the clarines method
unacceptable ingredient for such a high end product
the oily consistence only makes removal harder
clarins exclusive cleansing method is too much hassle for me
it is easy to use.
it felt like shortening at application
establishing a routine that works for me
illuminating primer for the same outcome
use a lot of their products
be used as a primer
which often causes more oil production since the skin has to compensate
the excess oil production caused me to breakout
second ingredient is listed as toxic.
100% not for all skin types
still provide some level of hydration
checked the ingredients list
kind of defeats the purpose
this one is average
i used this product twice
i used this as directed
which is difficult to produce from plants
pure olive derived squalane can be found online for half this price
everything it claims to do i already have solid holy grail products for
as many reviews i'd seen on this product
that this is a pretty reputable br
i attempted reuse this morning
form their own opinion
this product like most caudalie products is really gentle
the product is light weight
however according to the description
is overall a pleasant experience to apply
you use a normal amount
i typically love clarins products
i've used products just as good for less of a cost
the texture of the product i received from my online order was different than the texture of the one in the store
i don't find it as good as my clinic products
found the experts opinion to be: "eye contour gel is primarily water
i also used another clarins products which was also useless
i did some research
the reviews were good
for a product that is specifically designed to decrease puffiness
the gel is also pretty expensive
cannot comment on it's benefits as a dark circle remedy
it seems to have no anti-aging or other properties
dose not work as it says
reduce sodium intake will be the solution for this problem after all
after reading the customer reviews for the eye contour gel
addresses hydration but that's about it.
although i lead a very healthy life style
the formula seemed the same
it is a bunch of hype with no supporting research
some much more affordable than this
i find it strange that the reviews for this don't list the reviewers age
it was much less rich
this review is specifically for the sole purpose of helping dark circles
sephora has a great return policy
i used the entire bottle
i expected some benefit of hydration
this was a costly product to see no results.
the 'disappearing act' with no benefits is a waste of time
it's firming qualities are only so-so
this product is as good as any other in that price range
this is a pretty average product
i've used the whole bottle
i think i'll try other primers before becoming a repeat buyer
i used it as a primer
after reading the reviews on this site about this product
i've applied it exactly as directed
varied the amounts of use
applied foundation as usual
i work in the beauty industry
so many rave reviews of this product from so many different outlets put this as my top choice
i expected more from this based on the description
i've used it both as a mask and as a primer.
definitely not the best option for normal to combination skin
i will use up the bottle
makes me wonder about the chemicals in the product
this face wash is very effective
be warned it is very strong
with consistent small breakouts every now
that it works as well as any drugstore br
does not fulfill all of its promises
have to be removed manually
it's been difficult to find products that help me treat enlarged pores
which usually benefit from a robust cleanser
i used this product
which is much more affordable
t to their long time customers
specially since its so expensive
e it to a better overall regime
i will return product
absolutely not a oil control product
t products on a daily basis
this product was recommended to me by a sephora associate
which was good in terms of the moisture it provided
i read the reviews on this product
i used this product
i can easily remove them with the tool i also purchased from sephora
like the controlling oil production part
i will finish the product
after using this diligently as directed
with no permanent clogging
i am 21 with combination
- natural: korres used very little artificial
it is somewhat cooling
it has a similar sticky feel after application
was so excited to try a product "ideal for after sun exposure"
this product was just average.
despite how rich the cream is
with the same packaging
dryer environment inside due to increased heating
i needed instant replenishing
rich that i cannot use it in the morning
rate it more fairly
this product is incredibly heavy
it says in the description on the bottle that it is reccommended for that use due to its cooling properties
it did not provide a cooling sensation at all.
can't speak for its moisturing or other properties
wanted it for cooling purposes only.
will update review if it does
i generally like murad products
fresh like the rest of the essential c line
along with several other murad products
i need a multi-function product-lines
lines are the same
as for the cell turnover
also provide no real hydration at the same time
agree with the other reviewers.
it has an ingredient octinoxate that is not the greatest of things to have absorb into a human body
pet peeve: products that are so multi-functional that they miss the mark
it says apply liberally
i even was very conservative with application
don't think this product is suitable for my skin type
most of his products including some from this line
it was only average
my skin type is combination
went against reviewers' feedback about break-outs when sephora sales person highly recommended
i used this product for a while
continue to burn for a while
i expected something a bit more refined
the change in ingredients is not listed on the sephora website
i like that it has high spf
good reviews on it
my skin adjusted as i continued to use it
was disappointed to read the ingredients list
which was not listed on the website
even though it is described as having no fragrance
this product has ended up being a very expensive h
that she uses the product
unwrapped the new package i noticed that this new product also had the undesirable smell
as opposed to the 3-4 months the rep stated
when i applied my regular foundation
divided the cost by 5
i got this based on all the rave reviews.
something to aid with fine lines
i expected more from a $50 cream
there are better products which are more effective
used it according to the recommendation
told by consultant that it would help strengthen the skin under my eyes
as far as a general
got this eye cream as a suggestion from one of sephora's beauty specialists
this product did not deliver.
kind of believe its due to this product
a sales associate recommended this eye cream after i told her that my primary concerns are dark circles
my search for a great eye cream continues...
this was recommended by a salesperson at sephora as being one of the best selling eye creams
very unsatisfied with my purchase.
this came highly recommended from sephora.
doesn't offer much hydration either
sephora's skincare section can be pretty intimidating
all the reviews say
the only pros of this cream are that it is rich
beyond that, it's all cons.
i didn't find this product very effective on dark circles
asked about the ingredients
on the main description page it explicitly states "what it is formulated without: parabens
the ingredients include both methylparaben
i will email the company as well to correct this error
results are minimal though
am accustomed to therapeutic stinging
this product started burning my skin before i could benefit from any of the possible positive outcomes outlined in the product description
there is a little "plug" of semi-hardened product that comes out at the start
it was recommended by sephora staff.
prior to using the product
if its formulated without all those chemicals
used it according to directions
there are quite a few anti-aging superstars on the ingredient list
it applies more evenly
i tried this product because of the favorable reviews
eye cream works better than this product
i don't notice any difference in its moisturizing or wrinkle reducing ability compared to lesser priced competitors
this could be related to maybe needing a different product- one that boosts collagen/volume
i wanted to fall in love with it because the label says it has peptides
strivectin's is much more effective.
i don't see any anti-aging effect.
this particular product comes in an awfully small container for the price
did not help with firmness.
i would have preferred a richer eye cream for my age group
like most of his products
this product was light
i only found it average at best.
the consistency is very liquid-like
the sales lady vouched for this cream as the best natural
it is a nice product for winter since i use it in combination with the other korres greekyoghurt collection
wanted to input on the smell just reading other reviews
applying this felt light
after a consultation with the sephora sales associate
after an hour of application my skin becomes extremely dry
a sales associate introduced me to this one after taking some sort of moisturizing match questionnaire
should not have been packaged in a pot
it should haven more moisture
it absorbed surprisingly well considering its texture
not particularly useful for the eyes
after reading the mostly positive reviews
i decided to check the ingredients before ordering
the third ingredient is mineral oil!!
usually found in low-end br
are occlusive in nature
such as this sports mineral oil as a main ingredient
will check you ingredient list from now on before purchasing your products
t wasn't really worth the extra cost for such as small tube
treating a few fine lines
would not recommend this product
i read on another website that philosophy products are tested on animals
this may be for a younger demographic
is not on this site
more for preventative measures than anything else
i would recommend the eye
any benefits from the product will be overshadowed by the damage done through the application process
so the key is to be consistent
you won't see the full effects these products can deliver
i looked at the clinique website for better product descriptions
my other clinique products work well
was urged to write a review
who uses it sporadically
this is a disappointing product from a good company
unfortunately clinique doesn't create any men's products that are free of mineral oils
i've found other products i prefer
i also use clinique 3 step
i wish companies would stop listing these amazing results their products give
i applied it normally
actually prefer that one to this anti-gravity
i am rating it two stars because i also used the product
i don't recommend this product
yet effective toner so this is what was recommended
finally had to switch to something with a lower alcohol content
i would use this sparingly
found it was extremely drying
i would rather use a ten dollar scrub.
this product was not the successful on my bags.
dark circles i would not recommend this product
this product was lightweight
especially considering it is gel
this is my first review ever!!
this is a decent basic eye cream
the majority of my skin care routine consists of clinique products
last night i applied a more generous amount
i find this product to be average.
i also don't like its container.
after reading all the great reviews of this product
needed something light that provides a little sun protection
because it was recommended for my combination skin
my skin started producing more oil
it covers the skin well
use their full routine
it applies very lightweight
i enjoyed how lightweight the product is
don't feel that it benefits or harms my complexion
its great for all skin types.
doesn't offer amazing results
my korres products are far superior
i am absolutely baffled by the high rating of this product
or if the product has an extremely short shelf life?
even $25 for the 1 ounce seems steep.
the contents of this mask are relatively simple.
used this mask twice as directed.
the result is at best minimal
which is fairly dry
i've tried several fresh products
the sunscreen effect is basically non-existent.
i immediately discontinued use
development phase of this product
although i cannot find a full ingredient list online
i will review the ingredients listed on the container
i am currently using retina micro to treat the reaction caused by this product
plus the benefits that the product offered were hard to overlook as well
this is definitely not aquafusion's replacement.
the spf addition is not irritating it
i don't get the high reviews with this product.
the process is irritating for the skin
means that my once two-step cleansing process is now three-step
which tends to be the case with most products
formula is super light
even more exciting: bonus points for spf!
i love the pump it easier to use
best yet has spf
this packaging is a failure though.
perhaps it was the spf?
for every use or pump of the product
i read all the positive reviews
the packaging of this product is awful.
as far as the product itself
also, very expensive for the average quality.
including being one of the very rare options with spf
this product was recommended to me by one of their sales rep
spf 15 plus it was on the rich side
the pump imo, pumps out more than is needed.
good protection for your eye area under make-up
just the sun factor counts.
i recommend finding a product that is more efficient for this kind of money
its nothing special other than the spf
just carefully apply it and its fine.
also had an spf
i also really appreciate products in pumps because it keeps the c from oxidizing faster than it already will
this one ranks as worst
though i like that it contains spf
its a so-so product
the only highlight of this product probably is its formulas
the predict details also say it helps with blemishes
will go back to other reliable cleansers that are less expensive
all natural ingredients are great
found it did an adequate job
this was highly recommended by the sephora staff who said this was great for my ultra sensitive skin
for it being all natural products
i think is more suitable for oil skin
standard shipping is 5-7 days.
then beware of this product
this product is very dry.
risk the same reaction
it is very lightweight
with the same results
i used the mild formula
after i switched to this product in the "mild" version
this was a total dud
i found this to be a very basic
i've used this product for a while now
i like to try new products
its described as "non drying"
i discontiuned use of this product
this formulation was intended for dry combo skin
1/2 with no primer at all
maybe my skin is just not compatible with this primer
keep oil production at bay
i suspect this product is ideal for fair
summary-skip all pore perfecter-so
if you hesitating between this product or for an example benefits porefessional
sometimes less expensive is more.
t multiple times through their website
this absolutely needs addressing.
the search is on for a replacement product.
t for not caring about their customers
the product itself is a five
can continue to use this product
this product was of the top two most expensive of all 6
please consider making an untinted version
not as good as my recent discovery
non-recyclable canister is very misleading
this is the only product i can find with a chelating effect
i used the entire bottle
when there's similar products for way less
something i've noticed with products that have more anti-aging ingredients
i gave this product an "average" rating because although it didn't make my oily
i discontinued its use immediately.
the packaging is hiding that there is only a tinyyyyy amount of product
which is not only a superior product
for reference i have sensitive
used the oil version of this for winter
i read in a magazine that this was rated really high for dry skin
have used many eye products
recently used benefit eye cream
based on my past experiences that i used similar product
i like most korres products
only to find it was an under-performer
i never return products
or all year round for more oily/combination skin types
it is such a small bottle
this product is disappointing...
i rarely return items
my results were not as favorable as other reviewers
it is lightweight compared to other spfs
although the product says it is suitable for sensitive skin
it was not suitable for mine
so i returned both products.
without the pore-minimizing aspects
the bottle is also very small
especially for the low percentage of salicylic acid
i got this sample through the beauty insider rewards
overall rating i would have to say
at first i like that it is silicon-based
its a very gentle product
i prefer lancome refill over this.
having read the product description
despite its great anti-aging claims
overal expensive for what it does
the lancome rep spoke so highly of this product
as did the reviews
this is an extremely heavy cream
i used it 4 or 5 times under a primer
s behind every product
i do like most fresh products
all the other positive reviews
comes in the exact same bottle
its consistency is thin and ineffective.
overall i would not recommend this product!
i feel like the name of the product is so false
recently i find myself using numerous pumps of product to remove just basic daily makeup
this product is a good product
clinique completely one up-ed itself by making the balm version of this which is way better in every way
have not introduced or removed any other product in my skincare regime
generally i still follow with the clinque bar soap
is this product save to use?
the pump bottle better
the product doesn't work nearly as well
the balm format is the bomb!
overall is not very effective
i rarely return items
this product says it is for all skin types
i like the spf protection that this product provided
i think it lacks the moisturizer component.
my wrinkle was more defined in the morning
it is not "intensively addressing the lines" as it claims
it does however provide a certain temporary comfort to the skin due to hydration
as far as anti-aging goes it is just average
i am not impressed by the "wrinkle resist" product that seems to have replaced other benefiance items
just in a new packaging
the product itself is fine
looking at the ingredients
may be it is because the mineral oil
it is an extra heavy product
makes it difficult to use the cream
this was recommended to me for fine lines
it is a very thick formula
i gave it the extra star because it comes with an independent applicator
considered purchasing it- until i read the ingredients list
all at the top of the ingredients
the third ingredient is mineral oil
leading me to develop milia for the first time in my life
petroleum are way up in the ingredients list
although i like shiseido products
this is a very expensive eye cream that uses very basic
i expected more results
i don't know if an active ingredient or the fragrance to blame
the effects after using
this is not the most hygienic way to dispense product especially for the eye area
plus active ingredients break down quicker in a pot
so many positive reviews
better choice is the infusion concentrate
since shiseido's ultimune eye power infusing eye concentrate is one of my absolute favorite products
i expect more from this brand.
i regularly use several products from this br
i don't known why this have such a high review about mattifying
go for another products.
don't absorb which is a total waste
i don't recommend this for combination skin
it was also recommended to by sephora's associate
fresh's oil-free umbrian clay lotion is a viable alternative
toner that is part of the line
for the most part
this is the worst product i ever used
my skin type is combination
another products in the shiseido matifying line
this moistuizer seems to create more oil that it absorbs
i think that is also the drawback
i found this to offer little moisture
as opposed to controlling the excess oil
very high content of alcohol in this product.
for the most part
its not adding to my breakouts
causes excess oil production
live in a very dry climate
was too heavy for my skin/ mid 20s combination
looking at other reviews
less expensive products i can use for that purpose
this is such big waste of money
purchased it since many of the reviewers said it's lightweight
wanted to give bio-performance a try.
other reviewers are right.
applied my favorite light foundation on top
there is no oil control or oil-friendliness
works for combinations skin
in the hopes of finding my holy grail product line
hoping the the whole purging theory was true
from the reviews i read i expected this product to help brighten my skin
i love shiseido products in general
as with all shiseido products
has spf 15 which is a plus too
i am using all the lucent products together now
this product alone does not provide enough moisture or protection
i would go for shishedo ultimate sun protection line for spf
it's not very user friendly
this product does not provide enough moisture
also at the same time provides sun protection
its spf too low
bottling too cumbersome to use
it's not very user friendly.
not enough on the functionality
it has sun protection
also, the packaging made it inconvenient to use.
its like a good primer.
i tried adjusting the amount of product used on my skin
hoping it could offer the protection i need through mild california winter
i used this as directed.
this is a product classic that needs an update.
does the job with no bells
they use mild ingredients because their products are specially designed for sensitive skin
like most of the reviews state
i would not recommend this applied to the eye lids
this product is not
prior to this i was using pericone md's hypoallerginic eye cream which is $65
i find it sufficient
other similarly priced products hurt my eyes
now its about 1/2 of the oil which is great
was recommended for my type of skin
combination in other areas
the product is expensive sothe bottle needs to be less flimsy
this product is for you
because a sales rep suggested i'd use it with my clarosonic since i'm prone to a oily tzone
there are better options available
its totally different product
i tried this product because the sales associate recommended it
i wish the sales associates had more training
woiuld not recommend this product
i developed several large
the packaging is nice
/or additional product removers afterwards
i love the ten cleansing balm so assumed this would be equally effective
it is also sensitive
like most products for me
very disappointed in the product since it is fairly expensive
this was recommended by one of the employees
this product contains large amounts of alcohol which burns my eyes for about 10 seconds every time i apply it
i read the ingredients immediately only to see the second ingredient is an alcohol
it was a disappointing product
use a variety of their products
the consistency is no different from drug store kinds
the pump dispenses way too much product
not cost effective for
5oz product at $30 that you'd have to use 2x amount unnecessarily2
it was light-weight
i never experienced that with the small version.
been using this product for 1 month after a sephora store associate recommended it to reduce puffiness
and i wanted a more natural product.
which is such a waste
the principle behind this product
the dispensing pump is also difficult to use
sephora has a great return policy
bottle pump functionality is very poor
after 2 pumps excess product comes out from all places wasting it
this product works well
i asked for natural product
whose products formulated for sensitive skin
especially with the cost of $55
i would recommend this especially because frankincense is the king essential oil
bought this on basis of other reviews
average hydration with not such an appealing scent-won't return
definitely will not reorder
my main issue has been that the dispenser pump frequently stops working
makes applying it a chore.
also, the removal method is bizarre.
most interesting clay masks i've used
it will shrink your pools for a short while
i don't see any addition benefits beyond just using a regular scrub
this is an average mask--i've used better
it does have a convenient dispenser though
read the reviews for this mask
my spot treatments were more effective
the new packaging is horrendous
it used to come in a large tube
the new packaging is the worst
which is such an annoying waste
the packaging is heavy
am beyond disappointed with the new packaging
delivers very little product
this is not safe for the eye area
i like the concept
come on the packaging really!!!!!
the tube was so easy to use and convenient.
shame on you, dermadoctor for inferior packaging.
the new packaging has majorly affected the way i'm able to use it
the squeezable tube from before was perfect in comparison
the actual product gets 5 stars
the new packaging is terrible
it is heavy and the pump is not convenient.
the new packaging is a big disappointment
easy to transport when traveling
however, the new packaging is terrible.
the old is plastic thus allowing easier use in the shower plus easier transport for travel
the new packaging makes it impossible to actually pump any product out
this new packaging is horrible!
the bottle is heavy
there is also an ounce less product than the old bottle
the packaging makes it a three start product
its the only thing that controls my breakouts
this new packaging is ridiculous
the bottle is heavy
this new packaging is awful though.
one of the employees recommended this
so my search continues...
i don't use it as directed
plus this product is in form of cream
i ordered this product online
i seen all the reviews
i would only recommend using this as a spot treatment
bases with 2% salicylic acid that are cheaper
i never write reviews on products
one of the vendors at sephora also highly recommended the combo of the cleanser
this product does contain a large amount of alcohol which is terrible for all skin types
it is a very harsh product
this was recommended to help
not blaming this product
efficiency seems the same
this doesn't wear well with other products
despite all the good reviews
particularly given how expensive the product is
which is usually flawless
my breakouts while using products from this company are astounding
i continued to use the product to keep new breakouts at bay
clear gel works just as well for a fraction of the price
the second formula was still gentle
i will use up the bottle
it was so basic
i read the reviews on this which were excellent
because of the positive ratings
i used proactive wash
has very fine grains
hoping the results will sway my review
this makes it difficult to apply
purchased this based on the recommendation of a sephora employee that it's great for sensitive skin
this product is very well rated
when the products works wonders
even though it is not listed in the ingredient list online
i like the concept
the packaging needs a makeover
which is more organic
i would add philosophy's booster powder to make it workable
would not recommend for sensitive skin types.
once i discontinued the use of this product
i started to incorporate all kind of anti-aging products with chemical ingredients on them
once i discontinued the use of this product
i started to incorporate all kind of anti-aging products with chemical ingredients on them
yet fully absorbing consistency
i've tried applying less product
its performance did not justify the 15%+ premium it comm
my eyes look the same using a much cheaper drug store eye serum
i would say it is more of a preventative product
you can find a product that is cooling
i've used a $37 dollar product from clinique that was more useful than this
so stay posted for more critiques
this product is too expensive for short-term temporary results
a sephora staff member recommended it
sephora has the world's best return policy
which works better with my mufe primer
overall was ineffective to maintain my skin oil free
i live in a dry climate
dull very quickly after application
as a mattifier, it was thoroughly ineffective.
as this is the only new product i've added to my skin regimen
i just cannot deal with the side effects
i typically love the fresh line
great product for those on the go i.e.
while it is lightweight
i assume due to introducing this new lotion
i've had a recent obsession with fresh products
they recommended the umbrian clay which is supposed to control oil
does not blend as well as other brands.
i found it to be adequate
i won't be experimenting again.
after using this product
or at least a disturbingly deceptive packaging
some of the reviews i read before purchasing this stated that it was very drying
i initially had combination skin
i got this in the 3 piece system
my skin has always reacted well to clinique products
i love their anti aging line
even with two pumps
i saw an increase in oil production
the foam works best alone on my skin which is combination
still on the quest for my miracle solution!
the paper another as well as the product
this product works, but slowly.
not really too dependable for me in an "emergency"
it seems to be drying the area out extensively
i seem to be having a bad experience with the efficacy of clinique products in general
s in grocery stores / pharmacies just have the similar percentage
i used this product in conjunction with the clinique 3 step acne system
or any other spot treatment
applied it religiously per the instructions
i did a review on this product.
only applied to certain areas
i applied it as directed
i took all the necessary precautions
use it in conjunction with 1/2 water
the results are minimal, at best.
does not provide instant results
i relied on the positive reviews
the second ingredient in this product is denatured alcohol which is harmful to skin
i used this product
it seems that sephora deleted my original review.
as the second ingredient in this product i would have given it 4 stars
this ingredient causes free radical damage
this product was recommend to me by the sales associate at sephora
i've decided to discontinue using this product
the effect of this product is overly hyped.
the smell is stronger than other products
these pads are super convenient
which is hard since i live in an arid high desert climate
checked the ingredients list
has the potential to be a game changer
decided to try this product based on all the positive reviews
so adding the night cream as the final step only augments the heaviness
saw recommendation in prevention
just a major disappointment considering all the actives
the liquid version is much more effective
after the body bar was discontinued from proactive i was on the hunt for a good acne body bar
i saw such great reviews for this product
i think this product coming from a dispenser would be a better application
the price is wayy too high for something comparable to dial
lasts a long time in the dish
i read the reviews before purchasing this product
i found this product affective
i apply two pumps to my clarisonic
just like other reviewers
the formulation is needlessly harsh
how long the bottle lasts
while the product was refreshing
while i was told i can also use as a preventative measure
the packaging is very convenient
it is too ineffective for the price
such as pre cycle breakouts
so the search continues
i used the entire bottle
this product was recommended by 2 different sales people at sephora
that are cheaper and just as effective.
an associate highly recommended this boscia product
encourages me to keep using it
i do use other acne products in conjunction with this
controlling some excess oil production
this product is made from natural ingredients
sounded like the perfect solution to control the oil
my experience is that natural products don't work
i wouldn't recommend this for sensitive skin.
normally i like clinique's products
the cons- did not remove foundation well
the bottle cap dispenser was not a good idea to me
i prefer a pump or flip-cap.
which i used in conjuction with the daily relief cream
my skin is very red with the characteristic bumps one finds in clinical cases
after all of the reviews
i like this product other than the packaging
it is difficult to use the twist bottom bottle without wasting product
i didn't notice any 'mild exfoliation' like the product description states
having trusted clinique products for years
had high hopes for this product
the product said: oil free
it gives it a cooling effect
looked at the ingredients list
i always test a new product on one side of my face compared with my current favorite
which i cannot tolerate
bought this for preventative measures.
they billed me for it
only use below the eye level
it wasn't printed on the packaging or the container
in order to see effects because
it makes more problems then it solves.
reduces the appearance of fine lines
after the 4 or 5 applications
perhaps the ingredients aren't as potent after a while
i've switched to using the algenist bi phase peel
there are great reviews for this product
was pleased at first
the designer isn't very friendly for convenience.
after you apply this i recommend to use spf
made for clumsy mixing
most beauty products are not 99
studies show that skin improvements require a concentration between 10%-20% to penetrate the lipid barrier
you use the included scoop
while it seemed effective
it was very cumbersome to have to use the tiny scoop
which makes mixing all the more difficult
i don't recommend this product
despite blending it in well
she recommended this one because it was "clinically proven"
snake oil in a pretty package.
which the associate assured me of also
cheaper eye cream on the market
this product was a waste of money
however when i bring the milk back to the production facility
my income comes from them making milk
i generally really like shiseido products
applaud their high quality
the store associate was very helpful
i would give this product negative stars
read consumer reviews on multiple websites
this product was recommended to me
doesn't help with fine lines
this product is a fail.
as i mentioned in another review for another white lucent product
this product had rave reviews
it was not attractive at all
even though i follow the message steps provided
that comes in the packaging
this product is very expensive
i will say it is lightweight
which is also stated on the jar
meant to buy moisture surge intense
make sure to patch test
purchased this based on reviews
this stings upon application.
looked at the ingredients
as i was applying it
re checked the label
i also believe that it’s overpriced for not achieving the desired result
both products end up mostly coming off in pills of product
i generally have combination skin.
it has a very strong clinical
i don't usually have sensitivity to skin products
this product created a film
i like the consistency of the product.
i don't think it is as good as the other perricone md products i've tried
it does contains a wheat ingredient
some manufacturers label products with this ingredient as "contains wheat
this extra step is not convenient
seemed to provide a very smooth base for makeup application
do not expect any help in the wrinkle department or firmness department
will keep it in my kit as a primer
it was such a waste of money
not overly impressed with this item.
received this along with a gift set of other perricone md products
can tolerate harsh products
it needs to deliver more results
great for all skin types
it also didn't seem to react well with the retinol product i use at night
according to perricone's website it will corrupt the product
was very pleased with the switch
this product is very drying
i started using this product
i didn't benefit from these two products
one big complaint is the dispenser
as for the treatment itself
clearly there is an ingredient that does not suit my skin
it has a list of ingredients
the price of cable-internet connection for a month
at the end, it doesn't sustain.
given the exorbitant cost of some of these creams
for the price, the pump should be functional.
this product is too expensive
i love the high potency eye lift no bad reactions with that one
i do feel the initial sting on application
perricone md products are quite expensive
given the extremely high price
definitely proceed with caution on this one.
big problem with packaging
i called customer service
need a longer shelf life
after using advanced eye area therapy
had to return the product i was allergic to the product
tried for a week after trying some of the other skin care products from the perricone md line
drug store is just as good.
i like several of the perricone products
it was recommended by a sales agent
now this new product works fine
my $35 clinique or origins do exact the same.
serums have a much greater degree of the active ingredients to repair
i decided to purchase based on the glowing reviews
prior to the use of this product my skin was perfectly clear
this item was part of it
i used it as directed
never identified an identifiable
the best part of that "package" was the eye treatment
besides the eye synergy kit
the product said it was a solution for "dullness"
i think that the base for this product is mostly on citrus
this product can be extremely drying
this is an odd review
s the situation with this product
the ingredients list is different everywhere: there are versions i've seen printedon ole's products that differ greatly on the box
there is a list of ingredients on ole's own site that is very different from what sephora has listed
this is a major issue
errors like this can be dangerous.
it has great beneficial ingredients
very curious to how it's one of sephoras top rated products
even with a single use
more effective for less
they love the product for its other qualities
while technically it did provide ultra moisture
a sephora rep recommended this product for me as i have extremely dry
supplement with my fresh seaberry oil
i suspect it's because of the inadequate hydration
from reading at the ingredients
it sounds like quality products
it is supposed to be formulated specificly for dry skin
i found it to be way to lightweight
the natural ingredients were a real bonus with this one
the claims of lasting hydration were not true in my case
i want a more lightweight for daily use.
i didn't notice any additional benefits of this moisture
this cream has a medium consistency
not so great recommendation
maybe i should have chosen the matte balancing fluid
gross after applying it
t's counterproductive for this cream to warrant protection when it's actually doing damage
though this product is lightweight
works great for sensitivity
as if my skin is struggling to perform its stretching duties
so the staff suggested this as an alternative
appreciate the pump packaging
would highly recommend going to the store
product is very rich
which is the primary necessity for a moisturiser
the skin care saleswoman at sephora was extremely helpful
can tell it's a high quality product
i love that ren's products focus on simplicity while promising great benefits
night will probably yield better results
i will not reorder.
i am trying to find products that do not contain a list of ingredients i am allergic to
well... i had many masks from many other brands.
/or quality of my skin
i typically love fresh products
avoid this at all costs
while i love the fresh product line
their quality control really lacks
on to a different product line.
this face cream gives very basic results.
can't speak to the long-term effectiveness of it
the product was completely different
secondly no where the product mentions suitable skin types
expected great results from this cream
this is the only cream in the black tea line that has black tea listed as an ingredient
will write a review on that after i've tested it!
like most products i've tried from fresh
like all the other products
i really like the fresh line of products
don't know what ingredient is responsible for cooling effect
i didn't see any long term effects of using this product
the product does work
i only use this product 2 times
essentially nothing long term
the other fresh products are so great
i've used some cheaper alternatives which are much more hydrating than this one
the other masks were cheaper
i tried this based on reviews.
i've seen so many recommends
positive comments on this product
this was a complete waste of money
this product cleanses the skin at impressive heights- at first
upon contact on the skin
is by no means an effective time saver
it was so highly recommended
it has fair cleanliness
-long term effects of using this cleanser might not be beneficial to skin because ingredients are not really……
i adore the packaging with the easy to use pump
this one is such an improvement
not for the heavy makeup user
i've tried several of their versions
this product is of excellent quality
just not as well as the original formula
s before applying it
after reading such rave reviews
i used less than a quarter of the dropper on my face
for such an expensive product
this review is simply for the cheap packaging.
this product would be better served by a pump
my skin didn't cooperate with the oil
moroccan oil gives much better result
it has a very lightweight
making it a good choice for sensitive skin types as well
trying all sorts of different methods after applying it
for reference, i have normal skin.
when first applied it provided light hydration
after reading all the good reviews
will revise my review
it attracts water to itself which in turn can create a plumping effect on the skin
this product sits on top of the skin
very little of the body's water content is being drawn to the site of application
good product in concept
s to give maximum moisture
a week of using the viz-1000
even though this is very lightweight
i liked the added protection/immediate moisture
helpful store associate recommended this
i found it on the web
also use argan oil all over face
i think this is suited for a more mature skin type
was in the market for a daily moisturizer with some spf protection in it since spring is here
was assured by the staff member at sephora that this was a light
maybe it has anti-aging properties in it
similar consistency to the clinique city block for face
it does easily blend in
this one was reccomended to me due to how lightweight it is
purchased the dramatically different gel that i've been using
because it was very lightweight
although this one doesn't provide as much moisture as the amore pacific's
combination formulas with no problems
both of those products are great.
worked for their company for atleast 6
something is going on with this formulation
with the additional ingredient that they added at the end of 2008
the new formula is not for sensitive skin
one of the clinique sales representative at the counter told me she has the same problem with this product
it may be caused by the vehicle for the sunscreen
although this claims to be oil free
use many of their products
had anti-aging properties
that is also sensitive to harsh chemicals
the reviews were great
has a reputation for being skin friendly
the description doesn't enlist the ingredients
it doesn't claim to be suitable for sensitive skin
i found a good replacement in first aid beauty ultra repair cream which my skin is now friends with
clinique changed the formula
i've used clinique products for years
15 spf" which does not have this ingredient
considering the winter weather
so i rate it two stars.
i usually like jurlique products
i also don't think it has the skin benefits advertised
the performance is fine
i'd like to revise my earlier review.
as with other reviewers
making the packaging rather dysfunctional
as they're usually high-quality
the product is also very heavy
i've used regular products before
in terms of anti aging
i really like the organic line
since using this product
so....what product are you reviewing????
i've used the murad's essential-c for a long time
easy it was to apply
it is not lightweight.
help control my oil
this product definitely does help with oil control
this product when first applied seemed very promising
had completely discontinue use
very expensive for the amount of product.
foundation applies on top well
the smell is also very clinical-overall not impressed
i like to give all products adequate time to perform
pros :- it foams a lot on very little product
exacerbates my already problematic zones
although it says spf15
this product certainly is not light-weight
which is not the case for the other products
this product is lightweight
i do recommend all the other lancome products
not as concentrated as renergie lift.
i think this is the "renewal" effect.
the high resolution night refill-3x does not live up to its promises
the absorption is not 100%
after reading the reviews for this product
this seems more like a cosmetic fix rather than long term
it is supposed to be anti wrinkle
in completely imprecise amounts
because with one application
though this product isn't specifically for that
wouldn't call it "high potency" or "eye lift"
used the whole bottle
this product is too pricey for the amount of lift it provides in the eye area
for the money, this product doesn't deliver.
the lack of long-term performance
i still prefer perricone's original 2-part eye treatment
the eye lift is easy to use
it was a waste of product
the newer one works better
i follow the directions as stated
dermadoctor says this is only temporary.
to add even more insult to injury
the product may work
the return process was easy
spoke to a very knowledgeable sales rep
the regiment i was using along with this product was good
i can semi see results
i reacted very poorly to this product
i did like the hygienic dispensing packaging though
the pump is very hygenic considering you're not contaminating the rest of the product
was anti aging as well
requested a recommendation from someone working in the skincare section
immediately associated it with that
please when buying skin products speak to sephora specialist
i researched this product
i found this to be an extremely basic moisturizer that is incredibly over-packaged
should really rethink their packaging -- the lid is huge
where everyone brought at least ten of their favorite cosmetics products
they said that was confidential info
as it states on their website
considering they said it was a "great" product for dry/sensitive skin types
i've used better brands from the drugstore.
unimpressive at any cost.
i need something that prevents
i started using this product
i am very careful when it comes to conserving the amount i use
had to stop using it to avoid more breakouts
the packaging is nice
: continued daily use resulted in a small
perhaps play or a sephora favorites kit
as other reviewers have noted
an acne breakout in the exact areas where i applied this product
it became more potent as i used it a bit more
this product might be oil-free
i would say this is geared more toward oily skin.
since most of the reviews are very positive
it worked as good as products that cost 1/3.
i began to develop dry patches
i ordered this after extensive research on a new moisturizer
i switched to a different product
can't speak to the benefits of the product
which is perpetual problem for me
how this moisturizer has such a high rating
this was not a good complimentary product
i used this product twice
i'd recommend it as a spot treatment
i still have tons of breakouts
loved the lightweight formula
don't need the extra illumination
will need to find a new substitute for an old favourite
the dispenser is really cool and unique.
i'd rather have it all in one container than use multiple products
the container's dispenser is great for those concerned about maintaining sanitary conditions
ton' to get a pre-measured amount of moisturizer to use
the entire line is of poor quality.
the packaging is insane
didn't experience any benefits w/the use of this product over the course of 1 month
it didn't mix well with my treatment
the ingredient list has changed
is replaced by another less natural ingredient plus i'm not sure the goat milk ingredient is the same
i don't recommend this product.
time to look for new brand.
the formula is powerful enough that it kept my acne at bay
ncredibly disappointed that they reformulated such a simple
thumbs down for this horrible reformulation.
just got a new bottle with new packaging
which is unusual for him
the sales associate recommended this product
as far as clarifying
you twist the cap
hard to dispense the right amount
i'll stick to origin's "three part harmony".
it does have a tightening quality to it
also, the packaging is awful.
especially after the other 3 reviews i read
i found some of kate's other products like "quench"
however some of her other products
this product is such a disappointment
be careful about the ingredients
fine lines or any of the above
just an average cream.
advertising say immediate results
with such high praise
it is a superior product
i don't see any long-term improvements after using the product for +1 month
please disregard my review
the highly-rated reviews on sephora's website
how many different cones are in this product??
there are far more advanced formulas out there that're in the same price range
all of the rave reviews of this product
nowhere was this described as being an oil.
:( so i adjusted for that.
in addition, the pump is annoying.
after you depress it
extremely disappointed with this product after all the glowing reviews
judging by the siliconey feel of it
so the penetration should not be a problem
too expensive for such a product.
which is unfortunate considering the cost
i would say that nothing compares to the effectiveness of her products
i do feel it has a form of silica in it that makes it a functional primer for make-up
this product is loaded with fillers
so since it is a ingredient that tops the list on the ingredient deck
how are the other active ingredients in this going to penetrate into the skin?
i can use it last to seal in my other products
i paid a lot money for this cleanser based on sephora reviews
this s not oil free as it claims
so upset by the false advertising of oil free.
as for the product
the dispenser does not work well
the biggest complain i have is the dispenser
s down the most poorly designed product i've ever purchased
the bottle is incredibly top heavy
such a terrible combination of design aspects.
i tested this product according to usage instructions
thought i would based on the reviews
i would give the product a 3, the container a 1!
being impressed by it
deliver results in my experience
an expensive error on my part.
packaging is completely non-functional
have to cycle products to keep working
super strong at first
anything that promises to deliver hydration
i definitely had to apply primer on top
i like the consistency of this product.
see if it provides more moisture
the description clearly says the product is free of petrochemicals
i expected a great product
not concerned with anti-aging
a sephora consultant recommend this for me.
additionally, the packaging is a little wonky.
although i found it rich
not to mention that this is a lot of plastic packaging for 1 oz
use a lot of their products
the long term effects are not proven.
daily renewal complex by murad is far superior
which can be damaging on a daily basis
have used several other products
after using this product on a daily basis
the active radiance is my least favorite thus far
because of the excess oil production
my issue is with how deceptive
wasteful the packaging is
it is extremely expensive per ounce
this product was my introduction to murad.
can be beneficial to the skin
i used this mask as directed
which is really only found in products advertised with "tonic" properties
this product doesn't list it in the ingredients
so maybe my "improper use" is contri
she recommended this expensive trash
i used this product as directed
i've closely inspected my nose both before
the search for a extraction product that actually works continues
i also didn't use this with the pore refiner which also might make a difference
i live in a hot climate
i used as described.
even using pore strips in the past has worked better than this product
i used it consistently
didn't cause any adverse reactions
no recommendation for this product.
i used the product as directed
make extractions less awful
it doesn't provide the immediate
using it with this product everyday
however, it is interesting to use this product!
i followed the advice of some reviewers who used it in conjunction with nose strips
the package in the picture is not the package you will receive
this treatment works well & is not so drying.
this product was recommend by a sales associate at sephora
though these products are positioned for men
the ingredients in this product
the formulation itself is quite nice- a light
hoping the high concentration of peptides would give me the results other reviewers had experienced
with all those rave reviews
the dispenser drops too much product as well.
it hard to control the dose.
this product for me is a waste of money
its in the stabilized form
that it had a dropper to decrease the amount of oxygen getting into the bottle as much as possible
its such a waste of money.
will continue to use the product
does not deliver lifting / anti-wrinkle results
like i say it is a nutritional product which might over time make a differrence in appearance
i got this product because it was recommended to me by the skin specialist to treat my dark circles
to the products defense though
cons: -not so sure about its "lifting/firming" capacity
while pressing the pump with the other h
until the delivery system is improved i cannot recommend this product
this product works well
this was one of the products used.
i really wanted to like it because it has a high concentration of dmae in the amine form which is the one that supossely provides more lifting properties
i still think dmae amine is one of the few topical products in the market that can help some people with sagginess
less tightening than is experienced with the sample
i looked through many reviews for reports of burning
a couple of reviews mentioned the flakiness
careful of buying another one that contains retinol
the sales person recommended this to me
i'd rather use my fab ultra cream rather than spend $100 for this
perricone has more rewarding products out there
cannot speak to the effectiveness of the product
is supposed to help maintain a youthful look
i tried to use this sparingly
have been using the clinique acne care system for about a month now
it helps control the oil
i experienced regular breakouts whenever i used this product
while it was rich
the ingredients are mediocre compared to the price
a sephora employee recommended using this said it amazing
i expected impressive results
not attractive or appealing in any way
probably in part due to the extremely strong fragrance
i probably should have used this in conjunction with other moisturizers in a rotation
the product itself is lightweight
so for non-sensitive
2 employees recommended this highly
with all of it's purported benefits
this product however worked well on fine lines.
this cream will meet expectations
has not produced the effects it described.
it falls short of its promises
the rating site was not allowing me to post my review
perricone has other more targeted products that i would recommend
this one as a comprehensive anti-ager doesn't cut it for me
non-irritating all-in-one
2 stars off for those reasons.
very expensive and no results
this may be an effective product
shipping can cause it to spoil
the smell is weakening my resolve with this trial
the product consistency is also very similar to that
a product that is unbearable to apply
i would highly recommend investing in this product
i rarely give one star ratings.
i agree with the other reviewers
i believe that any product which has such a repelling smell that prevents me to use it
which are usually my last resort
what this product specifically does
i hope the manufacturer
i rarely use a product
see such instant results
after the first use of the moisture surge one
its really hard to apply powder foundation on top of it
after using about 2-3 bottles of this product i saw very minimal results
i will however give it the fact that it is an excellent daytime creme due to the spf
it has spf as well
it didn't really deliver on the color correcting
which created more spots
i cannot rate this product because i never received it
results in the cream being removed
switching over to rénergie lift multi-action eye
lancome's ingredient list on box
more cosmetic quick fix results
was searching for an all-purpose eye cream to address lines
i liked its light weight
the product is ineffective
after using the product
the formula seems to be different.
one of the employees recommended it
this product appeared to do its job on a very minimal level
the only good part about this is the cooling effect
the product itself stings
the employee working recommended i try this product
as usage is the same
hence, the two stars.
even though its convenient
as other reviewers have noted
as the patch has developed
diligently used it day
originally meant to get the eye duty triple remedy
i love other "first aid beauty" products
my main objective in purchasing
since the product description states it helps dark circles
found it to be minimally effective
so this is unprecedented
i live in a dry climate
saw the rave reviews on this product
not lightweight at all
in order to achieve its desired effect
i'll be returning this product.
just as it states
its not so much a serum as the label indicates
used the fab products line including this product plus the moisturized
can't quite recall which was which in terms of consistency
rather than the full bottle
i recommend researching the ingredients on a cosmetic database to see what the adverse side effects can be before purchasing
the last ingredient on the list
know that you can get like three uses out of one ampoule
a beauty expert at sephora recommended i try this
the healing effects is the only reason i'm giving it the two starts
should change the name of the product.
when the sephora rep recommended it for my sensitive skin
or some other ingredient that my skin reacts to in the first aid beauty line
i like this product because of the simple ingredients
glass packaging is spot on though
with all the 4-5 star reviews
i used the entire bottle
reading reviews for retinol products i decided to give this product a try
reviews raved about this working on sensitive
not sure i believe the claim that this really contains 1% retinol
being expose to air will lose it's potency
which was an unintended plus
essential for the contents
so the bottle is not a helpful tool.
please repackage this product
is about as effective as water
one of the worst products i have used
i don't use oil to primarily remove make up
also the pump leaks
it has a pretty faulty design
was also a hassle to use
not good for contact lens
this product was disappointing
not using anything oil-based
alcohol is one of first ingredients.
after using this product
the product was very lightweight
enhanced the smallest fine lines on my face
product which i've used before
in combination with my other mattifying products
based on the claims that it is good for oily
like most products that promise to keep skin nice
would not recommend this product.
the anti-aging sell point of this product is dubious
the search continues to decrease shine
by 10am blotting papers are a must
that meant it would act similarly to a primer
t products are equal
the ingredients seem to be good
starting off i only gave this product 1 star rating for the fact that this is supposed to be anti wrinkle cream
if not stirred on a regular basis will become chunky
i didn't have a single new breakout
then i read that this is a common thing with a lot of retinol products
this product was the exception.
congratulated for its sampling policy
as i like most of the products i have from philosophy
such as sephora's own wonderful skin care products
5 ounces that is usual
jar available at considerable savings for people who love this product
i think this shows a bit of respect for the consumer
in spite of the high price
liked other products by philosophy
i didn't read the ingredients list in the store.
an oil-based shouldn't
this product is extremely oily
adds an extra step to cleansing
i feel that i could achieve the same or better results for a fraction of the price using a natural oil or oil-based moisturizer
like the cooling effect
this came highly recommended by a sephora associate
i used it as directed
i used the product just as instructed
the hype around this product is false
mua's rave about this product
almost scale like disaster
which led to my skin producing more oils to compensate
than i used similar products
dermadoctor kakadu c seems not to have these downsides
even with consistent use
they place this statement on their packaging
reactive skin could tolerate it
1/3 of the product leaked out of the container during shipment
as for the product
i decided to try this product because of survey results in good housekeeping magazine
about the actual product
this is my second time purchasing first aid beauty
first aid beauty has a lot
products, and it was oil free!
lightweight, and i'll keep saying it.
i usually like fab's products
this one was indeed tailored for a different skin type
the packaging is horrible
would use this to accompany it
i continued to use it
had tried their cleanser to relative success
as i keep using this product
this product is oil free
i tried the product in both circumstances.
however the roller has its drawback.
does provide a good amount of moisture
convenient for on-the-go
it was neither cooling nor refreshing
i didn't have the highest expectation
this seemed to fit the bill
it's frustrating because when the expiration date approaches
either my bags are too extreme for this product
in my opinion that is the only "effective" aspect of this product
this clinique item is an epic fail
i like the coolness when i'm applying this product
i think this rollerball does a good job at increasing circulation
it is definitely "corrective
which makes the product difficult to use
the bottle is extremely expensive
it's tested on animals
contains nothing to correct your skin
i used this along with the shiseido bio performance super restoring cream
t maybe unfair to rate
as an anti-aging product junkie
i've tried a great deal of facial products
the effects are non-existent
at the extremely high price
i need to apply this minimally 2 times per day.
while this product is typically for dry skin
guard against environmental damage to the skin
which the “essential-c” has all of those ingredients
a sephora employee recommended this product to me
which are my concerns
suitable for those in their early 20's
i turned to dior for a solution
like a number of other reviewers
i expected that this product would be better at brightening than the alternative $20-30 eye creams available at the drug store
this is the worst.
this product is very expensive
i found this product to be drying
especially since it is dior
doesn't reduce fine lines
metropolitan life with lots of pollution
once i first dispensed to use
after reading mostly glowing reviews of this product
i rarely breakout from a product
shiseido products are the best
while this product worked fine as an eye cream
i used as cream as suggested by sales person
this product was recommended to me by a sephora employee
since most of the times staff recommendations are spot on
it may be the greatest eye cream in the world
i do think perricone makes quality products
gave all the criteria and needs.
perricone has a lot of nerve selling this most grotesque product for $98
even if i found this product effective
the salesperson highly recommended it saying that this was the heavy duty stuff if the other products didn't work
still shopping for an eye treatment that works...
am currently using philosophy
this product is very expensive
the product was wasted
it also doesn't seem to absorb well when used in conjunction with a serum
i read reviews about this product
she thinks that i'm withholding treats!
total waste of money - unusable.
however the smell is beyond belief.
i like the results
love the concept and the brand.
formula needs to be updated to be more wearable on the daily
generally problem-free skin
as it was recommended to me by a skin care consultant
not to mention i saw 0 antiaging benefits in the ingredient list
i know the ingredients are quality
this one is a timesaver for sure.
now i go for the less cosmetic products
which is a well know irritant
should be anywhere near a product designed for sensitive skin
as for helping with lines
it provides full coverage.
use other fab products
the promise of diminishing fine lines
that this has an spf 30
the pros are that is is very lightweight!
i usually am combination
be disappointed by this product
plus not cruelty free.
i also don't feel the need to praise the product
calling this a 'moisturizer' is misleading
giving a 1-star rating because i can't give it a zero
boscia is my favorite skin product line
it was very light weight
it was also decently balancing.
after reading the description of the product
i hate giving low ratings to skincare products i am sure work well for other people
i also question if this "deeply" cleanses as in the description
was suggested this by an associate
i will not reorder.
even after using this per the instructions
it helps control my oils throughout the day
which is difficult to describe
this seemed like total package
it also has a strong
was recommended this product by a sephora employee along with other ren products
since using this product
the product does not spread
please note that this product is no longer the night serum
note that this product has been now repackaged as an am/pm moisturizer
a sephora consultant recommended this to help 'bring out all of those impurities from my skin over time
i will not reorder.
this product provided zero hydration to my combination skin
i think that implies more active ingredients.
it was easy to apply
this product when applied
extract them with my tool
i followed the instruction.
not like the videos
this product is similar to the cheaper br
there are cheaper masks/strips that work better.
this is the first review i have ever written
as for the day cream it's intended
exchange this for another mask
barley ever reach for it
i would have been better off purchasing pore strips
how all these mediocre products get such glowing reviews
this product doesn't last
i feel like a drugstore brand would work better
i tried this product multiple times
their website claims this is for all skin types
heavy for a daytime product
especially now that it is summer i love the fact that it contains an spf as well
i typically love her products
this product was suggested to me by a sales associate
which is disappointing compared to other products from oh
overall, it has its benefits but isn't perfect.
the cream is heavily concentrated
i would choose sheer transformation
within the same price range
boasting the same benefits
i would also suggest trying murad essential-c day moisture broad spectrum spf 30 pa+++
i wish the sunscreen rating were higher
i'd rather go back to origins with higher spf
discontinue items that i really like
i will stick with other products from this line
there are less toxic options available
i've used the entire bottle
i usually avoid clinique since their line is pretty over rated
very unhappy with this product
(both of these are my go to brands.)
it was a complete waste of money
i used it in combination with the clinique repairwear uplifting firming cream that i had been using prior to this
only the laser focus to my face
i am using this more as a prevention.
it also pills when i combine it with other products
clinique makes so many great products.
i've always enjoyed clinique products.
this serum, however, was an anomaly.
the dropper delivery system is weird
the product is too rich/heavy
that did nothing to facilitate application
it might be that i am non-compliant
i feel long term use has improved the condition
this is a very expensive product
the cream does not meet the quality i expected.
as soon as i started using it i developed a dry patch
its over priced other than that the product is very greasy feeling
it is sensitive as well
with a very small insert for the product
consider avoiding this product
in my experience with products containing 'cones
claims that no makeup can resist its effectiveness
try to be as fragrance-free as possible
the thinking that goes behind making a fragrance stronger for a sensitive skin product than the original all-skin type product
will have to search elsewhere for my supply of the original dior cleansing milk
for now i have to discontinue
this review is based on using a full jar on
i used the entire bottle
i asked the beautician at sephora to recommend some high quality products that would work on my face
hope it isn't the cause of my dilemmas
sephora has a great return policy
s to help activate the product
while i did not factor cost into my review
are sensitive to essential oils
quality usually matches the price
this product doesn't help my combination
two stars for the quality
sephora only lists the good stuff
too expensive for an average eye cream.
use this product daily before applying make up.
sadly this highly recommended product didn't react well with my sensitive skin
like some other reviewers
its really light weight
the product description doesn't promise improvements because it doesn't deliver any
i won't be continuing to use it given the irritating characteristics of this product
i wish it was in the form of foam !
i would not recommend the product for a thorough cleansing
the bottle itself is an issue as it means your product is exposed to light
wanted to add this to the lineup
an actual break out is unusual
there are so many other products on the market that contain similar ingredients for a fraction of the price
especially at my local organic store
so typically some form of primer improves the base of my makeup
other primers i feel are more suitable for problematic skin
am picky with which products i use
i read mixed reviews from those with my skin type
you'll notice the package states
for these reasons i wouldn't recommend this product
the product worked well as a base for my makeup
the oil is lightweight
it is also lacking in any sense of luxury
i would not use this in daytime application
makes them water non-stop
i developed them under my eye area
i'd rather buy another product from a drug store that works instead of this
i applied the product to my face
with the help from an amazing sales associate
as for the " 11 " lines
at first application i felt tightening
i tried many different methods
i tried to apply foundation
mixed it with my smashbox primer
i tried the suggestions on the tube itself
the product itself says temporary firming
using different products to eliminate the residue imo compromises its integrity
have to conclude that this is ineffective
it works but needs to be perfected.
the product stops working
mixing it with my foundation
asked for information on the store where a lady helped me to search for a product on the computer there with the specifications i wanted
this is not accurately represented
definitely will not repurchase as you will get much better healthier results from a natural bentonite clay mask cheaper
the best way to describe this is a combination between a primer
it's also like a clay-based mask in the sense that it provides that firm/tight effect
that also means it has the downsides of a mask
a lighter application with minumal results
i read the reviews for application tips.
no technique seems to provide the results i was hoping for
then the effects of the product are reduced
this product is 100% incompatible with any other liquid or semisolid product
i've tried to apply it with some face mosturieser to dilute it
despite trying various methods
i am still on the search for a temporary firming product
like other reviewers mentioned
let it dry per the instructions.
i applied it as directed
which is difficult to remove once the product has dried
i tried using the product with a moisterizer
i returned the product because it was such a hassle to use
which might account for this
as one user suggested
i call a product like this a money-pit
i used this product once
i also wish companies would stop using soybean oil as well because it's comedogenic
have no need for all the moisture this product provides
this is probably due to the product having fragrance added
i think in a sephora box or value kit
my skin returns to being normal
it's very high up on the ingredients list
they are good at retaining moisture
congestion from the previous product
this would be perfection
the problem with that is it provides minimal to no moisture
huge disappointment for such a pricey product.
this product was highly ineffective for me
from the sales associate at the store
my derma told me to stop using to prevent more from forming
no other benefits noted
think the product was compromised
not good for such and expensive product.
which is a major deal breaker
purchase different anti aging product with the help of the sephora reps
i currently use the baby quasar on an infrequent basis
is also anti-aging
as far as results
i tried this at the recommendation of one of the employees
this is probably the least effective product
the low price compared to other products also gave me insentive totry something new
ill continue to test it out
it is considered "instant
that's what the product description states
the "instant" in the name is a bit misleading.
which is not ideal for harsh winter weather
its too strong for my preference.
not a fan of the new formula.
was disappointed with the new formula
trying a new brand now.
what was the point of this new formula?
just release an separate product.
still the same product
come to find out the oil free has been reformulated
is being sold as the instant moisture
my search for good eye product continues....
like any anti-aging product
because of the consistency of the product
re-surged with skin care products
i used the entire jar as directed.
having one product to address both issues is a real plus
the pump in the bottle hardly works
(or amend this one.)
i hope caudalie improves this packaging significantly in the future
sephora associate also recommended using it around the lips to address fine lines
i don't mind a high price tag for an effective eye product
as a result of using the cream
this product was recommended to me by a sephora associate
it seriously lacked hydration
very pricey for a low performer.
caudalie happens to be one of my top 5 brands.
coupled with very little sleep
basically a recipe for disaster
which by the way
this line makes great products i use many of
it has anti-aging
i am a true caudale' user
dimethicone is an ingredient commonly used to add "slip" to a product
surprisingly caudalie adds more than normal in this particular product
it's at what we call the 50% line which means it's listed at the middle of the ingredient list
ingredients at the top being the most concentrated in the product
fix the packaging on this item
as mentioned by other reviewers
i work in consumer products
i recommend transferring it to a screw top travel bottle
does not mix well with other products
with skin care products it is trial
it also worked well under foundation
when using this product
makeup companies that test on animals
my first shiseido purchase after i studied all the reviews
also found it to be heavy
the packaging is deceiving.
the packaging is also extremely annoying as the product would end up on both sides of the lids
this is not the worst product
tightening or even particularly absorbing
tried this with consistent use.
packaging is also ridiculous for such a small amount
therefore was a waste of my money
was told by sales associate that this eye cream was for dry mature skin
there is actually a smaller inner core with very little product
however the packaging is awful
bought a serum from my facialist's line that serves double duty as my under eye product
i love their future response cream
like many other reviews
i don't have aging concerns
unnecessary in my opinion
confused to see that "alcohol" is the 3rd ingredient in this product
which alcohol being 3rd in the ingredient list means that there is a very high percentage of it in the product
for such a pricy product
with its description suggesting it takes on all signs of aging
targeted toward a luxury market
hyaluronic acid has been available for years
is in a wide variety of products
most creams/products that promise substantive visual change should be perceived with skepticism
i cannot comment on the long term effects of the product
reading such wonderful reviews
the creme was not mentioned among those.
especially as its advertised as part of a moisture line
just like any other clinique products
that i would need to start using a serum to prevent more lines
basing my decision on the cost of the product
why companies put such strong fragrances in face products
i don’t use this twice a day as the label recommends
he used it in conjunction with the dramatically different moisturizer
i used an entire bottle of this product
so tested it in small areas
upon first using this serum, i had high hopes.
which this product specifically sells as its purpose
i've seen countless ads for this product
this product claims to reduce the size of your pores by 58% in two weeks
for such a pricey product i expected results
made it applying foundation without primer easy
that product was a temporary pore reducer
i wanted a long term solution
not due to the effects
as the former product does
this is not the product
everything i use is oil-free
i called perricone to check best if used by date
needs to lower their prices because they use ingredients with little quality
long-lasting treatment that works
after this using this treatment.
provided the best possible results
please change this packaging!!!
i gave it one star only because the review is not exceted without the rating
i almost couldn't use the entire bottle because the last 20% of the bottle can't be accessed with the dropper
still not a fan of the 'cones so high up on the ingredient list
i see it as our skin is our largest organ
we need to preserve/protect it despite the expense
i found this product to be heavy
they advertise better skin firmness in ten days.
algenist's concentrated restructuring serum did absolutely nothing for me
i used this in conjunction with the cream.
the testimonials/product description on the home site leaves you w/"astonishing" dna repairing results
make-up application was tedious
like many of the reviewers
i'd recommend trying it in-store first.
no spf which is a downside.
my other complaint is the packaging
can't comment on the effectiveness
this product was recommended from my dry
i think this product is great for anti-aging
otherwise i like the product.
the manager at the store recommended the philophy one
was very pleased with the results
i could not enter this review under the product name restorative cream
after using this product
the information on the website did not have any warnings for people with oily/combination skin like mine
its marketing hype and nothing else.
com that are equally good
the search goes on :(
i didn't find it to have any anti-aging benefits
no anti-aging benefits however
also felt oiler than the one without spf
have been using algenist firming
just ordered some more of the algenist firming
every other algenist product i've used is a winner
will be exchanging this for a different algenist product
for various reasons stopped using
the other one is spf 50
t must be the addition of the spf
i'd recommend more work on this product.
he prefers applying his firming
as far as anti-aging properties
the product claims to correct sun spots
more effective products out there
this product makes many promises
as per the instructions
after using this product i now have 2 prominent lines
despite its price tag
wouldn't recommend this product as a top choice.
has a substantial amount of alcohol
product did not minimize the appearance of fine lines
which is the right formula?
for as highly recommended as this eye balm is
they have some of the best products on the market
after using the complete eye renewal balm for
so this product works
reduce the look of fine lines?
the most dramatic reason for this poor review is the ingredients
how a product with this significant a flaw ever made it to market
i've tried repeatedly to find the secret to a residue-free application
meticulously following the directions
scouring the reviews for additional tips
i cannot live without this product
ptr needs to perfect this product then it would be the ultimate wrinkle eraser
i applied the product on my undereyes
the product needs to be on the skin
the formulation does not tolerate make up application post use
or with the "white residue" that other reviewers had
this product does produce an instant tightening effect
reduces effectiveness in my opinion
although fine lines are indicated in the product description
i used the product one time
while this product certainly transforms your entire eye area
this product was recommended by one of the store managers
i followed application instructions in video
make up on over the area treated with the product
this product comes closest to working
the cons outweigh the pros
the product stops working entirely
i find this product does firm
although that could be user error-- i don't use a setting powder or any kind of setting spray
if that changes i'll update my review.
liked the consistency,because its lightweight.
not as effective as other available pore minimizing products in changing appearance
was directed to this one
it has just not delivered on its promise
fails to truly transform into a rich milk with water
3 stars for how expensive it is vs
even formerly oily skin shouldn't use oil-based products
the method suggested for application of this product pulls my skin too much
the dispenser isn't the best design
my final verdict is that for the price there are far better cleaners available
love so many josie maran products daily
the price tag on this particular cleansing oil is appealing
sucralose is actually an ingredient
i tried about 5 different methods
overall good product with few ingredients
as with most other josie maran products that i've tried
i normally love all differ types of smells for makeups
i don't recommend this product.
this provides lightweight moisture at best
also, the spf factor is too low.
i applied it under the foundation as a replacement for primer
worst product i've ever used.
it is not appropriate for oily skin types
i applaud the product coming in a glass bottle with a pump
as long as the product is delivered cleanly
i wasn't repulsed by the ingredient list
i am currently on the hunt for a new skincare routine
there are more budget friendly options available
no anti aging benefits or added miracles that should be in most moisturizers
i rather a company invest in other ingredients besides the smell
the only thing i like is that its lightweight compared to others
i love benefit products
is possibly even less effective than drugstore br
it doesn't provide miracles
used an extra amount of this in that one specific area
this product goes into my didn't work at all category
back to researching and trying other products.
used the entire pot
takes a little while to absorb fully
used the entire pot.
the packaging is also great
i used the entire container
truly average at best.
i used this product
however i wasn't keen on the product
i found it ineffective in terms of reducing the appearance of my under-eye bags
i usually love benefit products
i chose it over a less expensive option because of all the natural ingredients
i think i will be searching for a new anti-aging solution
not even smoothing that other reviews referred to
or in conjunction with other murad products
that this cream provides
but the product is absolute garbage.
i expected it to work exceptionally well
it's a waste for the amount this costs
in fact i have used eye creams for half the cost
the sales associate at sephora raved about this product
the pump always dispensed too much product
mine are related to genetics
still on the search!
enough for about 10 applications if used sparingly
so despite the low reviews for this product
this product was only adequate
or even some high-quality all-over moisturizers for that matter
not an average eye cream at the drugstore that gives me the same result?
being swayed by the description of products
would probably be good as a preventative instead of corrective
formula is also very drying
i prefer an eye cream that has intensive anti-aging results
as they are a result of genetics
it passes the initial test for my ultra-sensitive
helps the other products i use absorb
the volume is in the tube is deceptive
there is not five ounces in this tube
my only complaint is that the container is huge
i can't say anything to the effectiveness of the product claims
some products i can react to
i used it as it was directed
all the products are natural
sephora has a great return policy.
specially when the sephora's sale associate recommended it for me
this cream does have thick consistency as the descriptions states
perhaps this is too strong to use in addition
lines are starting to lessen
provides sun protection which is very hard to find in eye creams for some reason
my hunt for an under eye treatment with spf is still on
this product has a very strong
i will continue to search for the perfect eye cream
aside from the package problem
my beloved clarins eye cream with spf 30 has been pulled from canadian stores pending testing/approval of the sun protection claims
for the most part
doesn't have as high a level of sun protection
this is a product with spf
after i applied this product
need an eye cream with extra protection
with the unneeded spf
i highly recommend olehenriksen's other products
the person i gave it to uses it without issue
only uses it occassionaly
extremely dissatisfied with this formula change without warning
which makes it difficult to apply evenly
very surprised at its overall rating as many of even the 3
4 star reviews mention its inefficacy
it suits the purpose
i used almost an entire jar of this product
cover the whole area
help reduce the lines that are a result of the dehdryation
its not a bad product
algenist's complete eye renewal balm
neither cream helped in that department
it also migrated into my contact lenses.
murad hydro-dynamic ultimate moisture for eyes is certainly quick absorbing
it does provide instant hydration
i actually find it more drying than i had anticipated based on the description
ineffective product i have ever bought
i only use certain products by perricone.
fish oil is known to have beneficial properties
plus don't see obvious results compared to cheaper ones
this comes in jar packaging
when the product is exposed to light
the beneficial ingredients become unstable
it comes in the correct packaging
just purchased this eye cream due to all the great reviews
i'll be looking to other products.
best factor of this cream-- zero irritation!
which probably diminishes it effectiveness
thought that this "hypoallergenic" product would be the answer
can't attest to its effect on fine lines
ineffective product i have ever bought
blends in well under the eyes
also on the topic of price
it should be in more stable packaging
any good ingredients are typically spoiled in jars
most of their ingredients are plant based which i found i was allergic too
this comes in jar packaging
the ingredients become unstable
on a nonallergic related note this also does not absorb well at all
not for my combination skin:
4 other skin care products
ineffective product i have ever bought
one of the assistants at sephora recommended this
purchased this product along with the eye cream
product is very rich
the solution is sticky
used to use the clinique
which has an absolutely minuscule amount of gel
extremely deceptive and ethically bankrupt.
this product must be discontinued.
of the same type of product
i used as directed
perhaps the most ineffective product from ptr
whose products i usually love
it works as well as other high-priced br
this product was recommended to me as a way to treat sun/age spots
i used it as directed
did not apply excessive amounts
the sales associate highly recommended this product because i use other ptr products which work well with my skin
for a product that costs more than the other dark spot correctors
has to be applied 2x a day
expensive for non brand product.
this one however is more than just an herbal
the product leaves your skin softer than any other product i've ever used
$32 for half an ounce?
additional tools to work properly
after using this product
it doesn't cleanse nor does it have "thermal" effects
i feel this product is misrepresented
needed additional method to remove make up from my face
sort of at a loss as the ingredients could be excellent
which i'm sure negated any benefits
felt less than basic in the cleansing category
or like the description says
after reading all the positive reviews
this product works fine
$30 price range that i found more effective with make-up removal
i used this product with my clarisonic.
not reading complaints about this in other reviews
i will continue to use other algenist products
stress related i've gone through many products to clear it up
ordered this due to the reviews and ingredients.
continued to with the use of this product
i've committed to the entire bottle
used it alone to test that theory
i've tried much cheaper brands that work better.
i will say i was impressed by the company which makes the product
i also like the fact that the product has algae in it
i consider my skin to be fairly normal when it comes to oil production
found the product to be very light
i received this product as a sample to use for my un bias review
also reading paula's choice website the jar is not the greatest way to preserve the ingredients from what i got from the review :
i prefer the pumps
marine based ingredients being great for the skin
i am new to using the algenist line
i wrongly assumed this was pure as well.
right after applying the product i was not satisfied with the hydration
i believe that this product is better suited for women with very dry a/o mature skin
gave me the benefits
i rarely write reviews
it is more of a light moistrizer.
large amounts of alcohol in products can cause dryness
s are so obsessed with these weird dispensing mechanisms
read a favorable magazine article about this masque which prompted my purchase
not a "must have" in my anti-aging arsenal.
not extraordinary like some review claims
only one review mentioned the strong fragrance.
ethanol so high up on the ingredient list.
its still less than impressive
based on the reviews
clinique has never failed to be non irritating
beneficial for my skin
i wouldn't the results matched the product description
no breakouts while using this product
i highly recommend moisture surge over the turnaround
probably moisture surge is a better choice
this product works fine
i should have known that any product that claims to expertly treat both "very dry"
the third ingredient is alcohol.
here are other micellar waters that are much more effective
which i found super effective
i will just use the oil base.
works like other micellar waters
this product worked well
i think it contains alcohol.
this is the best product of the three
two it being non-irritating
despite being formulated for morning use
haven't considered myself the anti-aging cream category
i received a complementary product from influenster in exchange for an honest review
while i loved the other products in the ginzing line
like most of the origins products
i usually enjoy the origins products
i will recommend this product.
after only two uses of the checks
the way i test products is one at a time
introducing them or substituting them into my skin care routine
save your $17 and use it on a better product.
cuts the healing time in half
i did read the mixed reviews on how it was a holy grail for some
i applied this product as directed overnight.
it appeared to be praiseworthy
do believe the overall value as far as product volume is good
my cheap tea tree oil works far better than this
treatment is much better
with algae at a higher price
combat some signs of aging
even though it boasts "age-erasing"
i usually love origins products.
trust their natural ingredients
no matter how sparingly i applied the product
loved the original formula.
i tried different application amounts
had high hopes for this product
it focused on age prevention
i don't notice any of those affects from using the origins
that is generally normal
didn't provide the "luxurious" moisture as described
this was the only new product in my skin care regime
although this is super rich
the jar packaging is such a bad idea.
everything that's good on the ingredient list just degrades the second you opened the product
the amount i applied was adequate
going back to my shiseido bio performance revitalizing cream
wouldn't recommend this product
i totally developed a ritualistic relationship with it
dry—despite my environmental aspects beign the same
i'd consider my skin type to be combination-type.
i tried to use, but will discontinue.
be hot after using this item
it was recommended to me by sales staff
this was recommended based on my oily
upon the first use
i would recommend the origins rose clay mask for sensitive skin
doesn't correlate with its effectiveness
is a better deal than certain other popular charcoal masks
i went to my local sephora store to shop for affordable skin care products
the product is also very drying
i also found i have to use twice the amount of product compared to other br
s for full face coverage
will not buy again due to the harshness of the product
not enough to warrant keeping this cream
i will consider a new eye product after this one is finished
it is non-useful on my eyes.
not only did it not provide hydration
doesn't deliver on all its promises either
after i've used this product
it is fairly expensive
feels great upon application
the only plus is that it is fast absorbing.
it helps with oil
since there are other origins products i love
not super dupe special
so are less expensive products
as far as helping reduce my breakouts
so on those counts
produce more oil much quicker
i would recommend a name change or this product
the benefits don't last that long
my skin is combination type
had a positive track record for quality
i think it is slightly above average
after each application my skin feels
after every single use
i won't be reordering
i like using this product
purchased this based on the reviews.
based on the reviews
if you read the ingredient list
there are several different kinds of oils in its formula
i love many other origins products
i agree with some other reviewers
fairly slow rate of absorption
i wanted to stray away from chemical-heavy products
i must amend it
invest in other orgains masks such as original skin or the charcoal one
it was from stress
reviews that this may work on pre acne or on people with more sensitive skin
it worsens my conditions even.
affordable clay mask aside from this
i read all the reviews relating with similar problems to other users
i also love origins products usually
based on the great reviews
personal recommendation by a staff member at sephora
true active charcoal one
furthermore i have combination skin
other products accomplish this
love how light weight it is
i decided to research the product further
the requirement for best results is morning
the packaging is made so big
there is a small tube where the product is being pumped
this product is described as 1oz
transfer the actual product to another
it has a cooling effect
the packaging is also a problem
as it's hard to dispense the proper amount of product
i feel i need more benefits from a moisturizer than this has to offer
the packaging is terrible
more packaging than product.
even with daily use
cannot speak to the packaging of the regular size product
she recommended this product
apparently i am sensitive to one of ingredients in this product
it is super light-weight
adjust to the new product
less expensive eye treatments out there
plus the contents are in a jar that you twist open
use all of their products
if curious, consider this product.
could be that the retinol substitute was too strong
since it is called an anti-aging eye treatment
the ingredients are not at all what the product claims to be
another reviewer commented that she thought that this serum contained a fair amount of silica
think this product may contains much silica in it
doesn't deliver the effects it used to
the wording on the packaging is different too
as is the bottle as another reviewer stated
unlike previous containers over the years the newer container is opaque
you can not gauge the amount in the bottle.
i loved the old formulation of turnaround concentrate
it's become more sensitive to products
i absolutely love the original moisture surge
especially not compared to the regular moisture surge
it had unpleasant order
so a sephora recommended this product to me
it would be much more convenient in a different container
unlike the gel version
which is very light
beware of using this product
there is another version of it that is lighter
however the new packaging is disappointing
flimsy for a higher end product
the dropper gives an inconsistent amount of product each application
at least sephora has good customer service.
i like this line because it is appropriate for very sensitive skin
cheapest packaging of any br
i didn't notice any of the benefits it claims
i wish i could give this more stars for the superior type of hyaluronic it contains
that is not the one that holds more hydration
that one does provide hydration benefits for my skin
i expected this one to be superior
after reading positive reviews of this product
the high rating comes from
this was highly recommended by the consultant i completely trust at my sephora store
before i buy any anti-aging products
the filtering options won't allow us to choose reviews only from specific age groups
without any further ado i will say that this product delivers minimal results
will provide a level of firmness
i will continue to use on the lid
since according to the study posted
don't firm the skin as well
not needing a surgical lift for as long as possible
i can achieve the same effect
overall this was just a very expensive eye cream
while it does provide temporary lifting after a very short time the lifting effect entirely disappears
the rave reviews on the site
since it is so expensive i'll use up the bottle
i looked at the ingredient list
there was no additional hydration
boscia needs to change their packaging.
i got a free mini of this product through a sephora mobile offer
tried applying this multiple ways
the product itself is black
despite mutliple efforts of cleaning the components
after reading the reviews on this product
always read the ingredients list
read the ingredients list.
it doesn't feel as firming as other products i've tried
thought it would based on all the glowing reviews
wrinkle depth or repair
even after applying generously
this product does zero.
drug store brands do better than this loser.
no lifting or firming.
the results were poor for the price
- i used the new oil
help with reducing lines?
which is a lot more intensive than my previous moisturizer
it should have an spf included
i can't believe this line offers a separate spf product
even though algenist claims their product is non-comedogenic
no corrective features what-so-ever
based on the line
i used the entire bottle as instructed on the label
i will use the whole bottle
f that's an issue for you with other products
there are better products in the drug store
it is not an instant depuffing eye gel.
without any expectations of wrinkle reduction
based on the reviews i was expecting to see
s this compares to some of the cheaper br
love some of the new algenist products
because its definitely not the application
this is greasy even though it is marketed as the opposite
it has an extremely light
try out different products in order to find the perfect product
which was almost the entire container
i wanted the balancing act
the skin care specialist at spear recommended this product for my combination skin
i added an additional star
not for combination skin!
a saphora consultant suggested i try this product
while i had an issue with the primer
i switched to a different korres primer
i'll stick to oils in the future
overall giving the cost
purchased this based on reviews that as a hybrid gel-cream it worked well for other people with combination skin
have been enticed by korres products in general
at first its very light weight
my skin cannot tolerate this formula.
the extra repair oil
it's light weight which makes it great for all skin types
i recommend this night treatment for anyone who has aging concerns
strong it was intolerable
seen such good reviews
fine bumps on the areas i applied this product
as is always the case a good/effective sample mean an expensive full size product
after using all of the product religiously everyday
effects take a while to take affect
errors in attempts to correct my skin problem
this was a complete waste of money
looked at the ingredients
which means it attracts water
i've used other products from the wild rose collection
would be a 5 star if still in the original packaging
there has to be another solution?
faith customers of this company/product
that companies update their packaging
will lead to a lot of waste
especially considering the cost of this product
i always loved that ren was a low waste company as they built their moisturizer pumps to use every ounce of the product
i'd rather risk trying a new company at this point
for the value i prefer clinique take the day off balm
i can't give this product a good rating because the scent is heavy
it has a strong gel
it isn't suitable for the eyes
it's so well-reviewed
had such high hopes
didn't want to risk more adverse effects
please bring back the original formulation!
was dissatisfied with its performance
application is very different from others
it was very liquidly immediately after applying
got raving reviews of this product by some sales associates in sephora
it was only a temporary fix:
too expensive for short term results.
i still use it for wrinkle prevention
the product does not form a foam
which must be the propellant
more expensive version until
but the worst part is the aerosol.
look- it gave it a freshness i've not experienced with any other product
i will not reorder until a change is made in the dispenser
with such specific instructions on how to use it
as far as this product
the fast acting one as well
had very high expectations for this serum based on my use of previous ptr prodcuts
have been using deep moisture therapy for a week now
this is my first perricone product.
i would consider this on the treatment spectrum
it's average at best
i've had better results with less expensive products
the product works well
i work for a company that manufactures high end skincare
we actually manufacture one of the most famous marine based
the end result is a cream that smells pleasing due to these processes
perricone needs to consider taking advantage of some of these processes to aid in the bad smell of some of his signature products
now i have to use medicine
000 in my lifetime on products to address this
the sales person recommended this cream instead of a lip-specialized product
is too light for my skin's characteristics
this product was recommended by the sales person
the fish oil comments were to nice!!
this claims to be a brightening product
the effects are nothing stellar
those were the benefits of the product.
as it is "all natural"
for being so light-weight
when i saw that they were offering a package deal with this truth creme included
perhaps they needed to test this product first before taking it to mass production
please fresh give more of the products!!
thus the three stars
it's oil control abilities
even though it is a men's product
the sales person suggested it
that product, i would recommend!
this stuff has a gross color
does nothing to mattify beyond the initial application
the product application was off-putting
application was extremely sticky
decided to check the ingredients
no doubt alcohol was the third ingredient in this product
this product did not feel cooling at all compared to the rollerball eye treatments i have used in the past
also the product doesn't stay stationary in the stick
it definitely is cooling
it was quite cooling
future applications were not as effective.
there is very little product in the packaging
i assume this is from from menthol.
the cooling effect was inconsistent
packaging is not good
this product is definitely cooling
so even if the product builds up potency over time
like many other reviewers
the cooling effect is nice
wish there was a different application method or packaging for easier use/dispensing
definitely gives a cooling effect
the packaging seems convenient
especially after reading so many reviews
the cooling sensation is great in the summer
not a very strong product
i agree with most of these reviews
i think most of the product transfers to my pillow
i tried to use it sparingly
even used other products along with it
had to go to other products for firming /anti-wrinkle affects
based on my experience
i can't speak to its long term benefits
because i have combination skin
as the name indicates
combination skin before using this
use it mainly in the wintertime
don't know why the company would choose to add such a heavy fragrance to this product
for those with normal or combination skin
most importantly it does not have silicone or other harmful ingredients
the omorovicza product line is remarkable!
the results are immediate.
i agree with many other reviewers
it delivers results similar to that of glamglow
for such an expensive mask
i got better results with just bentonite clay which is just a few dollars
the package tells you to apply the product generously
i really bought into all the positive reviews on this product
i don't know if that was an oversight on the part of the company
creates a very unpleasant film
this product has good ingredients
does not deliver much in skin improvement results for the price
i will not reorder this.
i think this product is popular for its scent more than anything
back to the actual review
the pricing of the line is kind of insulting for what you get
creating an oil slick
it creates a situation where i either have to contaminate the remaining product
thinking that the spf would outweigh a product without it
after applying this formula
which claims to be for oily-combinatin skin types
i used all of the product.
it caught my eye when shopping online because i typically order things that contain natural ingredients
i can only assume that that comes from the natural ingredients
which doesn't protect the integrity of the oils
4 stars on this product
on that basis alone
a fairly pointless purchase considering the available
i found it best to use 1 pump
rather than the 2 pumps recommended
as it seems functionally similar to other products that are much less expensive
while everyone on the internet is hyping this product up
i do not recommend the product for combination skin
if it delivers on its promises
the packaging is pretty
i powered through it
felt exactly the same after using this product in conjunction with the ufo oil
functionally, this was not a good product for me.
switched back to philosophy purity my skin is balanced again
not for combination or normal skin
kind of like the feeling when using philosophy purity
it was an acquired taste
which is responsible for totally changing my skin
i would warn anyone with reactive skin against this product
reputation of good quality products
the second picture on the website indicates that this is a moisturizer for dry combination to combination oily skin
got it for free as part of a kit with the laser focus serum
i would recommend murad perfecting lotions for a lower priced product with much more punch
it made it produce more oil
can't speak to its results
shouldn't it be in a pump instead of a dropper to reduce air exposure?
there are none of any benefit in the ingredients listing
this product is a total waste of money ladies!
this is my first real anti-aging product
or if it's another new skincare product i started using around the same time
i found that this product
it was such a hassle to apply
have tried other oil base products
the truth is zero stars
it was more like 7+
not sure if i need a stronger retinoid product.
the quality of the ingredients
however great the idea of naturally derived
its derivatives has underlined the importance of opaque packaging so the clear
i applied as directed
the discontinuation of sephora's instant wrinkle filler
it is impossible to blend foundation over this product
i looked at reviews of this product
this is the second tube of this product purchased
i applied to each wrinkle
i think the product is more akin to primers that "fill" wrinkles for the application of make-up
was generally pleased with the results
the effect is zero
if it really only works as a filler/primer then i will continue with smashbox photo finish which provides much more product for the money
i don't think it offer long term or permanent result for wrinkles
at best a mediocre temporary filler.
look at the very poor reviews on a shopping channel
i started using this whole system
about the product being thin
it's like the effectiveness stopped
guess i should have paid attention to the fluid ounce size advertised
i used this in conjunction with the pads
at one point in my life accutane was the only remedy
seem to provide a sufficient amount of hydration
i chose this product after doing much research.
it is also named a one of the best products on paula's choice
i need to take care of it meticulously in order to avoid blemishes because it is sensitive
the packaging is horrendous!
the formula should packaged more in a pump
the dispensing tube i find to be problematic.
if the dispensing tube were more like the dispensing tube of the former "on a clear day"
it would be less wasteful
breakouts i would suggest you steer clear of this product
treatment from the same line
have obsessed over all of their products
it is gentle like many philosophy products
overall, i'm satisfied with this product.
this spot treatment is not that spot treatment.
not that great... ptr is more effective
felt great upon application
my skin is tight within minutes of application.
this was given to be as a solution to that.
this product is hard to push aside.
i reused it a second time
it can be reused
it did firm the skin
i'd say, the mask material is sturdy.
i'll update my review after doing a comparison against shiseido
works fast for a ten minute solution
my experience with some other ptr products
this product is not living up to its reviews
was recommend this product by a sephora rep
this product was extremely harsh
i used 80% of the product to ensure it wasn't just the product "doing its magic"
exaggerates the flaws on my skin
the original product was great
the new formula has too many fillers
is probably the product most of the positive reviews are for
i anticipated some miraculous results out of this product
the new formula is not working nearly as well
this is my first review ever
this product is completely the opposite of that
even though the product is labeled as oil free
i think it could just be a compatibility issue with the ingredients
was sold on the oil-free component
the pump doesn't dispense product out
then i found out that the second ingredient in it was propelyne glycol
is actually very toxic
i used a spot treatment before i applied this
i attempted to mainly use this product on the area of my face that benefit from more matte coverage
was optimistic about this product
this product has great reviews
i continue to use all the cold plasma products
not only has it lost its effectiveness
any product that has vitamin c in it is going to have the benefits this product has
ren has great products as an alternative
which i highly recommend
error which makes sephoras return policy all the better
either immediately upon application or in the long term
it was a comfortable solution
still on the search
this product is an over-rated
this just did not provide the moisture as stated
i usually like caudalie products.
the oil itself was fine
what a major disappointment from a company such as caudalie
it seems that the average consensus is that this product is not meant for sensitive skinned folk
i first used this as a body oil
the packaging is nice
the oil itself may be divine
no volume or body
the effect is only temporary
my skin type is generally combination
i love fabs other products
will give it a neutral
verdit: it is a complete waste of money
this product is too expensive for such a tiny bottle
i've only tried about 4 products
if you add another product on top
it will cause breakout
that was basically its entire function
was recommended this by an associate at sephora
while i love that it controls the oil
didn't control oil any better than other products similar
also doesn't keep the oil under control
was recommended to use this at sephora
this fluid is "non-acnegenic"
used to use the prior version of this
i would not recommend this product for people with any touch of skin sensitivity
this was a recommendation for my skin type
i really like the ingredients list
read the ingredients list prior to buying this product
i would not recommend for sensitive skin
if there's something wheat based in this product
caudalie needs to print it clearly on the package that they use wheat based ingredients
given that this is marketed as a dark circle corrector
doesn't conceal well at all
the only thing i like about the product is the applicator
the product itself is completely useless.
used many clinique products
overall, this product was slightly disappointing.
only to find out after purchasing that this is tinted
i used minimum product.
the cream itself is light
it is very light weight and quick to absorb.
who is well trusted
due to all the hype
it is really a light undereye consealer best used without other products
this product did an amazing job at concealing
the product does not deliver what it promises.
when the supply was depleted
very disappointing for this expensive cream.
i used this product for a while
as mentioned in other comments
because i typically respond very well to clinique skincare products
i trusted clinique's formula would be strong enough to have an impact
as some of the other reviews advise
on top of the zero results
i'd rather just change my diet
may coop raw essence
i think its too pricey for its efficiency
despite my skepticism regarding the fact that it is nearly entirely oil-based
much less explosive breakouts that cover an entire area of my face
this is a really reputable br
the reviews are above-average positive
she recommended applying twice daily with the included pads
it is unfortunate that is advertised for all skin types
continued to use this product on its own
as i'm reading many reviews
different people in the company write reviews-
this product started to work
i prefer pumps because i always have this issue with products with droppers
if they change the packaging
i used the entire bottle
helps with fine lines
based on all the reviews of this product
not when my breakouts are active
the pump on the container is completely useless
this one is cruelty free
however, the packaging is awkward and wasteful.
the ratio of product-to-packaging is ridiculous
i hope they update the packaging.
it works as a dispenser
the pump doesn't work
i am aware that sulfur is controversial for skin care
finally as an overnight treatment applied to problem areas
i find it most effective applied as a primer
i used the product twice
i think that it would have been much more effective if the product was packaged in a squeeze tube for good hygiene
perhaps the sulfur content is too low for dramatic results
definitely helps to control oil
i found this product to be drying
tends to be incredibly large
prior to purchasing this product i used a sulfur based product which was great for acne
not throughly research to be proven true
i didn't experience any significant or unique benefit after using the very expensive deluxe sample
this is your product
especially for the heft price tag
i normally use skin care in the $100ish price range
i got it in a set of future response products.
the effects aren't dramatically better than other moisturizers that are available at much lower price points
like many of the other reviewers
which i believe are ingredients
i used as directed for 1 week with no results
i much prefer shiseido's bio-performance advanced super revitalizing cream
i don't post reviews
noticed the ingredients are different for other countries
works best if you use 2x daily
pros: are just it's overall effectiveness
they must have changed the formula because my latest bottle has an unpleasant chemical smell
there was some promise with this product despite the amusing claim of camu camu being 30 times more vitamin c than an orange
regardless the amount of alcohol in this serum is too irritating for all skin types including my skin
nothing special about the serum to report.
i like to have a fair complex.
the dispenser is horrible i waste a lot of product every time a use it
i took a chance on this product based on reviews
the product itself is very thin
so this product is very expensive
so combining these 2 products is too much
as alcohol is the second ingredient
she was extremely knowledgeable about it
not to mention on its ingredients
none from an anti-aging perspective
i will use the remainder of this bottle
slick marketing versus solid science
products at half the cost.
firming is important to me
although this product is on the more expensive side
initially it provided a little hydration
it's great that the ingredients are all natural
regarding the actual benefits
purchasing an origins eye cream that was recommended to me
the instant brightness it claims to bring is debatable
it doesn't promise long term effects
i combine it with another eye cream.
even though i only apply on the lower lid
eye serum -same line which i've been using for a while
reduced the fine lines i have as well
it interacts well with my other skin care products
so she discontinued use
the sephora skin rep recommended a similar product
it is highly comedogenic
this product is more suitable for dry skin
i've had more success with other products
to leave this review on a positive note
goes on well, non-irriating.
the packaging is terrible.
it is lightweight which i appreciated.
i try to only purchase non-comodegenic products as i have sensitive combination skin
which of course is not ideal for breakout-prone skin
considering the lifespan of their other products
yes, this product is lightweight.
the label says non-comedogenic yet the 2nd ingredient is known to cause breakouts
there are also 2 other ingredients that are pore clogging
currently finding a new one :)
the bottle is very small
it is very lightweight
the moisture it provides is also very light
i'd recommend this product for normal to oily skin
after about month the auto pump stopped delivering a full dose of product
at the cost of this product that is just unacceptable
the pump mechanism stinks
the pump lid is not user friendly
yes it has an air lock system
i used one pump
while the delivery system is a nice idea
one pump provides too much product for one use
both products are very sticky.
this moisturizer measures up as average product with high cost
the built in pump dispenser is annoying because it causes the product to waste
i would became an oil slick
still use many ptr products-
the pump is a huge problem
i've had to change nearly every part of my skincare regime that involved ptr :
judging by the opinions at my local sephora
i give this product a 3 because it is non irritating
i gave this product ample time to work
control oil as the perricone md line has a lot of beneficial ingredients
it made the oil production worse
i followed the application technique
the reviews online were great
the initial process may cause a minor breakout
i used this product
also, this line tests on animals.
it does have somewhat of a mattifying effect
i decided to give this pore treatment
the accompanying toner a try
it didn't help with oil control
i would rather explore other pore treatment options
in my quest for a truly pore minimizing
normally i am not sensitive to products
i carefully review every ingredient of everything that goes on my skin
this product just doesn't deliver.
the black chunks throughout seemed to serve no purpose
would recommend to those with less sensitive skin
this mask is an effective
although it contains clay
very disappointed for such a expensive product.
for a product that costs $70
maybe mostly the same ingredients
not the same formulation
a sales associate recommended this
second, the applicator is a big fail.
used the entire bottle
no initial "teaching" provided by sephora personnel prior to sale
especially with regard to specialized application brush
i wasn't overly thrilled with the applicator or texture of this product
which makes it difficult to apply
it prohibited my eye cream from absorbing as well
the applicator was designed by some crazy person who has no idea how applicators should work: easy
the application is awkward
the salesperson recommended it
this isn't one of lancome's better products.
the application tends to over-apply
the product is highly recommended.
i agree that the applicator is ridiculous!!
the product is difficult to apply
especially after all of the advertisements featuring this "new
the formula itself is also very drying
that kind of defeats the purpose
more affordable moisturizers out there at local drug stores that do more for much less money
the reputation that this product has
was so excited to try it after reading rave reviews on multiple websites
i've tried products that range from cheap to expensive
'm starting to use anti aging products
for my initial use
with products like this
following the directions to apply
minimized lines as it promises
high 90s- low 100s
sk-ii has always been in the top list when it comes to good skin products
i used this product once
this is my first review on sephora.
i rarely leave reviews
pricey, so use sparingly.
there are some major pros and cons to it.
"very counter space-worthy"
which by the way is an stick/spatula to use while applying said product
as for the product itself
the main negative is the price.
offers premium moisture benefits
lives in a very dry climate
refining effects to be quite suitable for her
the non-stop indoor air conditioning
there was no product insert included with the product detailing benefits
usage which i found surprising
i did some research
found very basic instructions for how to use the product
prior to applying any other products
i found it strange that the packaging didn't include any instructions for use or even a description of what the product did
after researching the company
because of the high cost
the bottle is heavy
with the initial application
origins serums work just the same at a fraction of the price
the pump will cease to produce any more fluid
the dispensing top is genius
the product is average
they have perfected that.
since the treatment essence
lancôme is a great name in skin care products
sephora offers many lines of skin care products
based on the description
a little goes a long way which is pro considering how pricey it is for a tablespoon of product
loads of products i like better for less money.
s have worked better for spot treatment
highly recommend being smarter than i was
i found out that the 5th ingredient is alcohol denat
exchanged this for the all skin types formula which can be for dry skin
my breakouts were immediate after using this product
yes 6 different oils in this product
love the natural element
i suppose that is the cost of using a natural product
maybe i'm just partial to benefit
it is also feels lightweight.
the gel version worked great in the summer.
which was non greasy
the new formula may not be the greatest for sensitive combination skin
it fails in comparison to the older formula on almost all levels except for scent
it is not rich
did not serve its intended purpose
it did absolutely nothing to curb my oil production
major problem: i believe this is formulated for men
it worked upon application
use it as a primer
i spent $30 plus shipping for this product.
this was a whole new level of red
which is the same amount of time that using just soap
it was the complete opposite experience
compared to the prices of other popular facial oils
this one is rather inexpensive
this product was a godsend
after reading such good reviews i chose to buy the small version of this oil
mind you, i use one to two drops maximum.
i got this product in dry/combination to combination/oily version
that it does provide good coverage
note that the description says that it is for dry/combination to combination/oily skin types
the product that was delivered is actually for dry/combination to combination/oily
it isn't as effective
as for the anti-ageing
i applied sparingly as i don't like to waste product
i do like the pump packaging
generally most skin products work fine for me
the worst skin care product i've ever used
i love other fresh products however
felt lower quality than most fresh products which i tend to love
i live in a dry climate
fresh most of the time
anti-aging benefits were also pretty high up on my list
the formula is too rich
they don't say non comedogenic on the descriptions
based on the reviews i choose this one
was drawn to this product's claims
not where i need the volume
rate the product higher
i read the reviews for this product
most murad products are great on my skin
as i was very happy with the properties of this cream
unfortunately this one consists of a few.
despite using it consistently for a while
another critique i have is the packaging
i am a devoted philosophy user however
this is an expensive product that ran out very fast
i like other philosophy products
like some of the other reviewers
it has it's benefits.
despite its description as non-irritating
time for a new search under eye cream
this was such a waste of money
i am tired of companies stating their products are non-irritating
i looked up the product details on paula's choice to find that the product does in fact contain eye irritants
both times was recommended this product to use
use it as instructed.
for reference i have light skin
i will always recommend fresh masks
such a bad experience with this product
used this as instructed
significantly reduced scar thickness by 31% *results based on expert evaluations
i tried this product on a recommendation of a staff member
i am giving this product a one star because its very time consuming
the packaging is horrible
feel it was a total waste
high hopes for the product
the actual product is completely bogus
which was recommended on the packaging
this was an expensive lesson
had to stop using this product after 2 applications
my assumption is that the sample was much lower in retinol than the full size product
used it every other night as recommended by the salesperson
i used this product exactly as directed
its very harsh for daily usage
this product is very lightweight
the product helped me a lot with reducing oil
quick it is to apply
a sales associate recommended this
i've had much better results with creams 1/4 of the price
this product has its pluses and minuses.
the product was suggested by a sephora employee to improve my skin
this product did mask the oil
i did buy this product to address my large pores
the fact that it's in a jar means the ingredients won't remain stable for long
this product is another failure in my search to find a moisturizer that works for me
after applying this product to a small area
it is expensive for an average product.
which is known to combat oil
how lightweight it is
the worst product ever.
got a trial kit specifically for this item.
dennis gross has many other products that work wonders
the additional step in my routine
my lines way more defined than before
i've used products with pro-retinols without negative effects in the past
the consistency was easy to apply
it improves fine lines
used the whole bottle.
i will add that typically i feel something when using strong enough retinol products
which many anti-aging products do
it was such a waste of money
not the most sanitary
got this product on the recommendation of an associate
this so-called brighter eye treatment is an epic fail
for such a very expensive cream
it does not deliver any of its claims
not to mention all the benefits of buying from a beauty-safe company like tarte
i've heard many great reviews on this product.
even reordered this with the oil
i rate it 2 stars because it does not deliver on its promises
in an attempt to be patient
i add this to my foundations
i also used it as an eye cream
it was so convenient!
needs more spf because 18 is a bit low
i felt this would affect product integrity after a while
not purchasing this product is simply irresponsible
it is an amazing "multi use" product
description say the product is designed for any dry area
never fully sunk in or provided any moisture or results
so dissatisfied with the new product
this is replacing it, and is an inferior product.
i agree with couple other reviewers
the results are similiar to putting on a ton of moisturizer
pick off flakes is not satisfactory
effort in their products
customer satisfaction is #1 priority
who would try this product knowing that the clinique name delivers high-quality beauty products
not for cosmetic purposes
now moving on to another product which
will no longer be "preventative
as a general rule i love clinique products.
the new version does nothing
clinique all about eyes rich is far superior.
i received this in a repairwear laser focus set.
as with other laser products
the repairwear laser focus serum is a total waste too
-i wouldn't recommend this for sensitive skin
considering clinique is super careful about allergy testing
it has offered some moisture
this product is average.
it provides average moisture
it is simply average.
have been successful with other br
not what i expected with the "moisture surge" name
which is usually the most susceptible to oil
product to price ratio is impressive
it is travel friendly though
the ingredients are great
each pod can easily be two masks
application brush are great
the description says this product
not too pricey since one pod can last 2-4 uses.
the reviews were good
but...the product didn't deliver.
each pod can last like
good packaging, horrible results
breakout if a new product is not made for sensitive skin
hope boscia never discontinues this
the reviews are mixed
while this produce was lightweight
provided a moderate amount of moisture
the worst product in sephora
s after applying because of it
i found the product to be to lightweight for me personally
i also would like more spf protection
clinique products before trying this
while i like this product
one of the sephora team members recommended this product
the texture also of the cream was divided.
squeeze the product together
its application was not as smooth as i'd hoped
hence the two stars
it leaves something to be desired
it had great spf coverage
it is very lightweight
i usually have issues with other products/br
s in the past when they are labeled with spf
i will still use other boscia products.
especially notable since it includes sunscreen
however it does not provide as much moisture as the base version
i find perricone's product very effective though often have an offputting scent
it didn't luminize or create radiance as it advertised
how lightweight it is
while i liked that this product is oil-free
this mask didn't live up to the good reviews on the website
is so full of quality ingredients that i'll just finish the bottle
e it to any product
i made it a priority to cleanse
i don't have a clinical explication why this oil led to no breakouts on my face
performs the same as cheaper oils
the dropper/lid design needs to be revamped
add in another nourishing carrier
"this oil is great for all skin types
which scientific research shows is bad for your skin when used topically
the packaging of this product completely ruins it for me
i would be a customer for life
it does provide serious hydration
still on the lookout for the perfect oil
it somehow implied that i should be using an additional moisturizer
it was really gross.
was much stickier than i expected
as far as oils go
mixed with my foundation
i usually like origins products
this 'sounded' good in the description
a sales associate recommended the product
the search goes on...
i still use other fresh products
as other reviewers stated it leaves skin sticky
hence the three stars
the stickiness lasted all day
was impossible to deal with when applying powder foundations
when i checked the ingredients list
which is not sensitive
nor do i find that the texture provides a cooling effect
i tried this product as a replacement for the soy face cream which i really liked
tried this as a replacement
i like other products from fresh
i love fresh products overall.
it was very expensive given its performance
my oil production has severely increased
nothing has worked with this foam.
normally i like fresh products
this product is definitely mild
i highly recommend the masks
at the cost of this foam
i believe this product is good in ingredients
it kind of adds to my general repulsion
or as a better option for nighttime
you at your own risk!
every single time i use this product i have breakouts on my face
for some reason this batch is really orange
cannot keep using it
i normally have success with shiseido products
the lack of absorbency then by all means buy this
trying to take preventative measures
unfortunately it didn't perform as well as the anti wrinkle
i am currently still using up the product
the search goes on...
the formula is certainly rich
see no benefits or improvements with continued use
it's packaged very nicely as it is a pump so the product stays more stable however i found it to travel into my eyes
this product does provide a firming result with prolonged use
interferes with my make up
you are capable of better.
i got this from the sun safety kit
gross' company because of the review i gave the original formulation
there was no ingredient list
it simply said to refer to the bottle
started reading reviews of this product
the packaging on the sample is misleading as well since there is no mention of 'gradual self-tanner'
the color has not yet developed.
i don't care for the packaging.
so i have mixed reviews about this product.
it was recommended as being very potent
i chose this one based on the reviews
i decided to try perricone's products to improve my sagging cheecks
after using this product
this is the experience i had with this product
felt great upon application
this is precisely that.
application over the primer is nice
it creates a smooth base for foundation application
as all primers should
should've known i'd have a problem since the first ingredient is dimethicone
i also like that there are anti aging properties however as a primer
i tried it for the anti aging properties
hoped to add this primer to my daily routine
will be retuning this product
i did an experiment
told me they don't even recommend lancôme skin products due to the high amount of fragrance
the fact that most customers cannot tolerate it
it prohibits me from using the product often
for the cost versus benefits
i can get that effect by using a highlighter for 1/10th of the price
based on highly-trustable internet research
i no longer believe in purging
bottle: the pump is given to failure
except that the serum is fairly expensive
i am at the age where taking care of your skin has to become a priority for good skin longevity
have found a regimen that works for me to effectively combat shine
not much for hydrating purposesthe price is very high for the effectiveness of this product
try a different product line
this product is expensive
my only major criticism is with the packaging.
better packaging would have raised my review to four stars
i used every drop of this product
the retinol is not a high percent per ingredient list
the product is not as drying as other retinols
this product stings after i apply it
out of all the skin products i've used in my life
was no longer marketed for"oily
less than stellar reaction to that product too
from the reviews that i've read
why this product has 4 stars
definitely not clinical caliber skincare like many other sephora lines
and it is fairly light.
i've found the source of my skin woes
this product has mostly amazing reviews
i read the ingredients online
denatured alcohol causes free-radical damage in skin even at low levels
e to not using this product
the product worked well
the face oil did slightly lessen the production of oils throughout the day
independent on the season
it was recommended highly
i researched face oils extensively
after reading great reviews of the lotus oil on several websites
despite using exactly as recommended
used just as said with the toner still on
see original ingredients on beautypedia
as it hasn't been updated
then look at the ingredients in this "advanced" restoring cream on sephora
its not enjoyable to use
the only positive aspect of this moisturizer is that is doesn't have the "fish scent" the other products the plasma line have
i mainly was attracted to the spf 50.
it needs to be in a pump bottle bottomline.
less than a year shelf life is crazy.
wish they packaged it with secure seal or something
that it provides spf
didn't see any anti-aging results.
unacceptable for the money.
like the fact that its lightweight
after reading the other reviews
had an effective spf
despite what the description says
overall, i will be switching.
and this is without the foundation on.
its very difficult to apply if you are using other products such as serums or oils underneath
i will not recommend this product
being on the fence about this product
ads claim it works
this product very much disagreed with my skin
like i've seen other reviewers note
its also extremely sensitive
water are the first three ingredients
not any more than a basic serum
i think the price is extremely high given the fact that the fourth ingredient is alcohol
the packaging is airtight when it needs to be
lots of ingredients deteriorate if not in the proper packaging
will stick with othe products
the reason i am giving it 3 stars is for packaging
or compared to others leaving their reviews
which is not always the case for most serums
the alcohol content makes this a bit drying
there are heaps of far better skin products available without silicone
actually deliver skin improvements
retained this throughout the day
i gave 2 stars because the tube isn't durable
does create a tightening sensation
so the first "firm
this product is too expensive to have it's packaging fail twice
no way to fix it or save contents.
you could put the fountain of youth in faulty packaging
the less than impressive contents
after searching for many eye products to address
this is probably a good product for hot climates or summer months
will find something more cost effective
great looking bottle and is practical to use.
i reviewed another product from the same br
for a company which promotes eco-friendliness
it sure likes to waste by using unnecessary paper/card for packaging
i used this product alone
in my quest to find more natural products for my body
should fit the skin type
i'd say it is about an "average" to almost slightly below average for a moisturizer
it seems like this product has high ratings
t definitely resulted from introducing this product
after reading the ingredient list
i feel like that it enhances the experience of using one
the reviews are raving
while i do enjoy it as i enjoy masking in general
the ingredients can be found in much lower priced masks
this is an extremely small product for the price
it isn't as effective as i'd hoped
great for spot treatments
tons of other similar products for way less money
i used an entire 1
i found it difficult to remove
it's probably a combination of some of the different oils
it provided no protective barrier for my skin
the packaging was mediocre
for a company which promotes eco-friendliness
there was certainly a lot of paper/card packaging
the directions suggested a one pump use for the face
i realize this is a natural product
order a ton of products only to find
as much as i love harper's all natural approach
how the products feel
quality is rather mediocre in comparisons to other affordable alternatives
i want to support this brand.
how it leaves a refresh
glad product suits some other reviewers
this type of treatment isn't suited for frequent use
although the pump needs to be fixed
the pump wouldn't dispense any product
dispensed very little amount
not travel friendly at all being in a glass bottle
the only areas that tolerated this product was on my neck
why is this an allure winner?
the product no longer draws up thru the tube
s easy to get the product out
will not recommend for troubled skin
s far superior to this one
used only 3 pumps day
the pump wasn't working
love that the product is natural.
dispenses a very small amount at a time
most products you pay for is half the product
however, it is still a fairly average cleanser.
packaging is also rather wasteful given the natural angle of this line
at a minimum i expect the dispenser to work properly
however the packaging is awful.
not sure the product inside is worth the hassle of the packaging to be honest
it gets 2 stars for the natural ingredients
there are many effective high end cleansers that are 1/2 or almost 1/2 the price
i read every single ingredient in every product
extensively research it for safety
while the quality is good
my aesthetician suggested this as a replacement
not recommended for anyone with sensitive skin
from the look of the other reviews
the smelly process to attain it
putting these ingredients on skin is increasing the liklihood of an allergic reaction
this is not product from an educated skin care specialist
don't know of its true potency
just looking at the ingredients i can see that it contains nothing remotely anti-aging
it is very cooling
it is easy to apply
t was pricy concerning the poor little function
it does not provide effective eye bag relief
i like the cooling affect
from the ingredients to just a few reviews
placing that on your bags
this is mostly because of the applicator
even after being refrigerated
i will keep it as a backup
i normally use "modern" by origins
so this product was recommended to me by a store associate
this product tends to make my skin produce more oil
i like ordering online.
my skin care consists of the clarisonic
adding this anti-aging oil was supposed to help
maybe this oil has ingredients that are not compatible with my skin type
for an oil it is fast absorbing
i'd rather pay for other anti-aging products that have a lower cost
very raised above the surface as well
i stop using every face product
it is the algenist oil.
i don't recommended for combination skin
purchased this oil after reading all the glowing reviews
this is a very small bottle for a very high price
for the most part
which also doesnt absorb well
appeared to be a classic reliable serum
or what anti-aging ingredients does it contain?
i always look at the packaging
how it protects the integrity of the product
this serum is on the market for a very long time
which i assume is opposite of its purpose
which was expected as my skin was adjusting to the ingredients
skincare line i used before delivered far better results for a lot less
unfortunately the search continues for a replacement skincare line as i am returning all these estée lauder products
i've tried dozens upon dozens of serums on my combination
not recommended for sensitive skin.
i found its effectiveness was strongest at the beginning
find it addresses skin issues/imperfections much better
it feels very much like any of the primers loaded with silicon in it
after i use up the product
call this a bad product
used all the necessary means to deeply cleanse
a better option for smooth skin is investing in a great toner
it is at best a very expensive primer.
contains spf 25 so that is great
the spf is really low
this item comes in a jar
render your product useless
after switching to different products
since it is the oil-free version
different products work for different people
have to use multiple removers
and an expensive one to boot.
i went online for official estée lauder website online it sells $75 can?
am just reviewing this product's effectiveness on under eye circles
i diligently follow use
rather than reducing it
will be exchanging this for another a cream.
so much for anti aging.
which was expected as my skin was adjusting to the ingredients
skincare line i used before delivered far better results for a lot less
unfortunately the search continues for a replacement skincare line as i am returning all these estée lauder products
i used this product fairly regularly
have been using this product religiously
still in the search for my holy grail eye product
which was expected as my skin was adjusting to the ingredients
skincare line i used before delivered far better results for a lot less
unfortunately the search continues for a replacement skincare line as i am returning all these estée lauder products
never mind lauder raised the price by $8 by placing "multi-action" on the bottle
they changed the formula to where this long time user is now shopping for a new cleanser
i can't find a list of ingredients anywhere
serves double duty for me
while it helps with applying the products more smoothly the dropper has dissuaded me from buying it again
the only complaint i have is with the packaging.
this product was not fast absorbing.
this was recommended for my dry
the exchange process was very agreeable
also didn't like the pump packaging.
the formulation seems to have changed
this was my introduction to micellar water.
although i use many of the caudalie products
agreed with previous reviews that it leaves a sticky residue
get the simple micellar water instead!
this is the product for you
not only will it require many cotton rounds of product for the simplest of makeup looks
because the product is not tested on animals
after applying product to face
neither one is water proof
the product is nothing special to my knowledge.
this would be best for using as a second cleansing step
this works like every other micellar water i've tried
giving the same effects
lower priced micellar waters
they all outperformed this brand.
i can find similar or better quality products for half the price
when i'm using 5 of my shiseido rounds i use primarily for my toner to finish the job it seems wasteful
its sole purpose is for freshen up
because the ingredients were so minimal
different make up or skin care product
this was the first product i used
the packaging is nice.
had high expectations after the reviews
that this is not oil based
my most expensive one is lancome
the results are subpar
in terms of performance, it is severely lacking.
not ideal for combination skin
for reference i'm combination skin with light oil in the tzone
i used it everyday
i continued to use it
i will use the rest of the tube
i used this product on
most likely casused by the mineral oil
research the ingredients in this product
then choose another product that is more beneficial for the health of your skin
i saw that one of the main ingredients is mineral oil
the gel version is far better
i prefer the gel version of this product it works much better
was not impressed with the quality
it is not lightweight
seems like there is no moisture functionality...
i will say that this functions well as as an eye area moisturizer
no visible long term benefits from consistent use
almost non existent crow's feet
doesn't layer well with other products
other than that the products great
i wish it will provide at least spf 30 protection
the ibuki line is targeted for my specific age range
sensitive skin run from this product
or 'dewey' as the packaging states on my combo skin
for the price i expect a product with more beneficial ingredients
the strong fragrance with clearly related breakouts made me return this
i also differ from pore visibility
almost a mix between a cream
i always go for highly rated highly reviewed products
i won't be keeping this product
doesn't refine anything about the surface
overall the product is just average
no refining at all
would not recommended this product
these are a well-packaged jar of nice quality
i wouldn't recommend this over other similar products
the treatment is strong
as do most products
have followed as directed
the product advertises clear skin within 10 days
saw mixed results for users with sensitive skin
these definitely produced a moderate burning sensation while using
gross usually has great products
tried this new product !
after using the product
this has little microbeads which i'm concerned about
i saw the other users review to try it on your h
n an effort not to waste $90
this is an update of my last review for this serum
i should have just went for one of the sephora serums that actually have proven antioxidants that impact skin positively
the difficulty of removing it
yes the product works
cleanse effectively that are much less harmful
the ingredient composition is disappointing
mineral oil is the first ingredient which is basically a guaranteed breakout for me
highly recommend the rescue mask
otherwise the product is fine
not much different than a sugar
the only plus point i give is for the hydration.
decided to invest in a high quality cleanser.
the first main ingredient is mineral oil which is the reason i now know why i broke out
an industry that i find cruel for many reasons
was disgusted throughout the whole cleansing process
after doing more research
ones that do not use animal products
it comes from petroleum/crude oil which is a fossil fuel that has to be drilled out of the earth
it is used to make gasoline
there are many viable plant-based alternatives to petroleum-based products
all in all waste of money.
due to the amount of skin damaging alcohol which i don't underst
read the other reviews of how customers were claiming how drying
the only deterrent is the price which is pretty steep for just a morning cleanser
the actually packaging of the tube is horrible.
i wanted to like this product based on reading the majority of great reviews
the cleansing power of this is less powerful than the regular one in a bowl
i mean its less powerful in removing the make up comparing to the normal eve lom cleansing balm
as it is advertised
use many of their products
as other reviewers have noted
the pump is a bad setup.
the packaging is horrible
with all the glowing reviews
it's a very very high-quality product
give a full review of the product
certainly there are better products with usable containers
i am comparing the lack of results to clinique's repair wear
i could achieve that with home made oils
considering how expensive this serum is
may work better with a liquid foundation
i got this based on product description
love sephoras accommodating return policy!!
stinging from the product
i cannot comment on the effectiveness of the product
this does sting as well
i can't comment on it's effectiveness
there are much better products on the market
the bad ingredients they don't include
was attracted by the spf
tends to build up if not thoughtfully applied
i never experienced the "powerful
literally no results, waste of money!
the employee suggested this product to help correct my dark spots
can realistically gauge the products effectiveness
after seeing the numerous commercial
had such high hopes
after seeing numerous ads for this product
as well as reading recent reviews from beauty-experts that this product is the greatest thing to revolutionize skincare since
after first applying this company's other newly touted serum
it just lies on top of the other product
the packaging is terrible
not for sensitive skin as it states.
preventing any product from coming out
the pump itself was a horrible design.
i like that the pump provides a measured amount
smells very strong as noted from other reviewers.
this product was a complete waste of money
one of which was oil free
the packaging is very large/heavy for the amount of actual product it carries
intended for medium skin tones
reading some of the other reviews
especially since it is only 1.7 oz for over $70.
this product is excellent
simply unclean after using this product
i am now using this instead of purity made simple
is always red after using this product
when used with the other murad products
put it in the fridge as suggested for maximum cooling an puffiness reducing benefits
this product is not transforming
this mask is very average
aloe could have the same thing for a fraction of the price
dryness was just as prevalent as prior to use
seriously such a waste of money
not wowed by this after a few uses
this is a prefect example of a product that is visually appealing
i expected more cooking
incorporating this product had no visual results other than drying out my skin
i find there are other more effective oils.
this is about average compared to the others
each time experienced similar results
i do believe this is a well formulated oil
i do enjoy the process of applying it
it just isn't a product that seems very practical for daily use
just because it claims to be for sensitive skin types
" which were under control thanks to sephora's renewing serum
which is no longer available
i only gave it 3 stars due to the way the product is packaged
had high hopes this would be my moisturizing solution
s into not needing to produce more oil
i will not be a repeat customer.
the directions for this product say to use 2-3 drops per application
with the design of the applicator
the dropper would not allow that
wasting a lot of product in the process
i didn't have a chance to evaluate the product's effectiveness because i couldn't work with the dispenser
the pump is difficult
the tube it comes in is the worst
like this would have this design flaw
the packaging was fine there
need mid-day replenishment
jart undoes all the good this cream can do by including strong fragrance
i see several fragrances listed below
actually dermatalogical research shows quite clearly it's irritating/damaging to the skin on a micro level
the fourth ingredient is alcohol
because this was such an expensive product
my only criticisms are the fact that it contains only one ceramide
the issue that denatured alcohol is one of the first ingredients
my more detailed review video is below.
i think because of the high amount of alcohol
need mid-day replenishment
i used this product together with the ceramidin cream
for me this liquid isn't worth the extra step
this definitely did not provide any moisturization for me
nor the type to review a product
tried this on a recommendation from a super friendly
started to apply in certain areas
a sephora staff member recommended this
used lots of products on it successfully
i used 1 pump each time
the actual part that contains the moisturizer is much smaller than packaging
complete an utter waste of money
abundant in the formula
not effective at all
this is described as gentle
this makes me really wonder whether there are some undisclosed ingredients in this cream containing harmful
this is my new winter regimen favourite
based on the great reviews
true to the other reviews
after the completion of this container
it also has a very strong fragrance due to so many of the essential oils that it contains as ingredients
the formula is also pretty heavy
i need real results as an aging woman.
just an average cream that is lightweight
something a $40 cream can deliver
unfortunately it is like most moisturizers that are a fraction of the cost
since most samples are specially formulated to maximize results quickly
you might need to build an addition to your home to house this horrid massive cube that contains a tiny bit of cream
will add another serum to help with lines
bobbi brown's extra repair eye cream is far superior than this
i follow the instructions
instead next will be purchasing shiseido future solution lx eye
as an aside, the packaging is very overdone.
especially since it is quite costly
i spoke to two different skin specialists
i exchanged it for the dna line which targets deeper lines
the pump is not well designed
i used this continuously for the first opulence months
regulate the oil production in my skin
was recommended by sephora employee.
slow the aging process since i'm approaching my 30s
it was light weight
drug store product was not
well the packaging is great
honestly it preforms as well as plain location would on your skin
applied the remaining product
considering there are cheaper gels in bigger tubes available
used for tens machines
the ingredient containing alcohol which is bad for skin
would not recommend for sensitive skin.
rather than the advanced one
it's too pricey for it to be the same quality as a normal cleansing gel from the drug store
depending on the type of skin you have
i used this according to the directions
even the daily nature make up
live in a dry climate
i live in a dry climate
its claims to remove makeup are false if you take my experiences into account
the beauty oil is really a better investment
i would not recommend this product for oily
i only use it once a week because i opt for more anti-aging products
lacks the level of moisture i need
my experience is that the results
the cost far outweighs the benefits unfortunately
which was expected as my skin was adjusting to the ingredients
skincare line i used before delivered far better results for a lot less
unfortunately the search continues for a replacement skincare line as i am returning all these estée lauder products
bought this product on the advice of a sephora associate
will continue my search for a product that does what it advertises
at this point i've weeded out origins as a source of skin care
blends well with the foundation
compact i use as it doesn't separate
i used this exclusively for a little while
i'll be tolerating this product until it runs out
make its application look obvious
positive reviews for the product
figuring i was building immunity to the formula
i did some research
found the ingredients are not that great
this product came highly recommended to me by a sales associate
especially when you factor in the price tag
this product doesn't meet either of these requirements
cannot comment on the over-all longtime use benefits
or reduction of fine lines
i still plan to continue to use other algenist products
to many good products available.
firming is far superior in my opinion
applies very smoothly on the face
in terms of actual skin benefits
it is non irritating
when i read claims of "patented anti aging breakthrough"
the mask was ultimately slightly matifying
need something a little more aggressive to reach my skincare goals
ill buy fab products, but not this mask.
even after multiple application
most of the product will be dried
the representative at the store helped me pick out this mask based on my criteria to reduce pores
my three issues with this product were: 1.
control excess oil" at least for my face
after reading so many positive reviews
supposed to be a part of a natural line
buy a more traditional clay mask elsewhere
based on allure's best of beauty award
this mask is easy to spread
it didn't make a difference in oil production.
fab needs to work on the delivery of the product
use minimally, and have a backup product.
it doesn't prevent breakouts or help reduce oil
i love fab products--they are full of good-for-you ingredients
the ingredient list reads more like a science experiment than a face product--lots of chemicals
which are necessary for the peel-off film
its claim of having red clay in the ingredient list is a joke
it stung slightly upon application
not looking to attack any specific skin flaws
had some special treatments
one more plus to finish on a positive note
probably from the inclusion of clay in the formula
only two products have ever produced results: an expensive serum that shall remain nameless
also hated the packaging.
loads for face products
rritated with the packaging of this product i have to write a review
it will not dispense.
there is a full bottle of product that i can not access
another product for the landfill.
i cannot speak to it's effectiveness
do beware of the shelf life of this product
results are dismal at best.
i used the entire tube as directed
stays in the recipient
it is light weight formula
one of the employees recommended this eye cream instead
2 stars needs extra applications trough our the day3
one that reduces fine lines
i would rate this product as average
i've use it faithfully 2x daily for 2 months.
for us "mature" women
i went in to sephora to purchase a specific product that had great reviews
which is fab for an eye concentrate
i'll search elsewhere for a product that st
s up to its claims
which is not permanent nor will yield long time results
perfect 4 those who need firming
was trying a few prospective products
which was slightly more affordable
this eye cream is not a high performer
surprised by the poor quality of this fresh product
less expensive products out there
strongly recommended by the sephora sa
ibought a kit that had this in it
while the dropper may reduce the cost of the packaging
become aggravated at the waste
thus the three stars
if i use really harsh products
new one from the latest honey collection just released
i'd love to use this daily
i used the recommended 3-5 drops
this is more surface results
the dropper is also an awful design
the dropper picks up next to nothing as far as the product is concerned
not a "treatment serum" as it claims as you would expect lasting moisture from a claim of being "intense therapy"
invest in good skin care products
i can get the same hydration from a cheaper alternative
i applied the product to my face
had high hopes for this treatment
this product was one of them in the kit
doesn't absorb fast like other products
good mask for non reactive skin.
i've found better results with other cheaper products
just isn't compatible with my skin
its the second glamglow product i've used
with all the hype surrounding the glamglow line
but the cons outweighed the pros big time.
checking the ingredients only confirms that they're seriously overcharging for something that just
i suggest a different product
over this specific one
this product contains alcohol
i much prefer a sheet mask for this purpose.
nothing exceptional about this product
in anticipation of loving this expensive product
will show some benefits by the end of the sample
i can't really comment on the efficacy of this product since the smell is so distasteful that i only used the cream twice
i agree with the other reviewers 100% that this product "balls up"
i think caudalie has done a lot of reformulation recently
this product was heavy
please don't assume user error on this one.
why can't they add the new ingredients to the old formula
doesn't irritate my contacts, which is rare.
this shseido one has the right amount of spf
its just an extra unnecessary step.
there are other products that will serve this purpose without the burning sensation
i told the sales associate i have extremely sensitive skin
i still prefer other removers compared to this one
less expensive products out there
i wear full coverage foundation
i find for the most part that there products are high quality
this is difficult to apply
in addition to being all around useless
the formula is light
it wouldn't dissolve in to my skin regardless of application method
as a disclaimer, i adore nars products.
it was a complete waste of money.
i tested this out with several foundations
tried as a recommendation by a reputable guru
the sales girl said this product would work for lines under makeup
am sticking with benefits porefectionist
i will continue my previous method of using a good moisturizer before concealing
benefit porefessional is much better!
this product was such a miss
fine lines i used a good amount of product
i usually loooveee all of their products
they are by far my favorite cosmetics company
fill in the lines
it states on the description that this product is hydrating
especially with how small the tube is
i've used other primers that work just as well
there's also some research that indicates it will speed up the aging process given that it messes with your skin's chemistry
while i like the product
you can get just as good of an effect with cheaper primers
fine lines better than similar products
it is very average.
the primer is lightweight on the skin
it will smooth it for a better application foundation
i've used many similar products for much less.
every product used on my face is lancome
as a primer before foundation
too pricey for lackluster results
add this one to the list also
in order for this to be a beneficial product for the skin the need to reverse the ingredient list
make the drying alcohols at the end of the list.
also, for the price the tube is pretty tiny.
to the grocery store or something for some light coverage
the initial application is a little unpleasant
not intensive in my opinion
which might be quick considering it takes 2 or 3 pumps of lotion to adequately provide coverage of lotion?
in the description it says this product contains ingredients "which [are] specifically designed to minimize
doing some research online
considering this is only a 1 ounce bottle
as other reviewers have noted
so while the effects are similar to the cream
as is always the case with fresh products
because of the high ratings that it has
i like the individually packaged sheets masks much more
i used a very inexpensive $20 mask from a different br
for the cost it is just your basic mask
click sort by highest rating
you will see many of them only comment on perricone md products
i need to steer clear of pushy sales women.
who said it is very over-rated
silky formulation that provided some immediate benefits
i will never purchase this product because it is packaged in a way that destroys the sensitive ingredients very quickly
after reading all the reviews
most of the 5-star views seem to be from users who only review perricone md products
beware the oil-free label!
the sun protection is great
my search for an eye cream continues!
work in an air-conditioned office all day
this product was recommended to be by one of the sales consultants
this is such a disappointment
is a really sub par product
so points for good packaging
the packaging was great
i wasn't that familiar with the brand.
i discontinued using it.
provides minimal coverage which is nice since that's not what i'm purchasing this for
i found the applicator to be kind of gross
with all the rave reviews
based on all of the other reviews i'm apparently in the minority
the metal is very cooling.
i don't find the metal tip to be an effective applicator
nice light scentcons: needs a fairly large amount of product to cover face
no "eye treatment" results at all
i like that there is color correction in here as well as a cooling metal depuffer
this is a great primer for your undereye area
the product itself is messy
i recommend using this post-shower
it doesn't announce it
i did some research
found an article that stated algae can be extremely pore clogging
the directions say to apply with circular motions
this brightening mask became available
after apply this my sensitive
not a full-on breakout
expectations for this product
in the absence of sun protection
i read several reviews of sensitive skin people having bad reactions to this product
i used the mask that i'd stored at room temperature using the first method in the instructions
i tried to follow the other recommended application method
in the second method
the place for storage for the gel is a refrigerator
especially because i'm on a budget
after such a disappointing experience
this product does work for a brief amount of time
i follow instructions from the reviews
its refreshing because its in gel form which makes it cooling when applied to the skin
not recommended for sensitive skin
was excited by the idea of rose stem cells
i prefer to use it as the night treatment as opposed to the regular mask
i finally eliminated several products
so use with caution for sensitive skin
i've read some of the other reviews
so the sales rep in sephora suggested this 'amazing' product
this is the absolute worst product i've ever used
agrees with your skin
the moderate rating was due to two things: 1
there is no avoiding the waste of it
on the plus side the product lasts forever
it's not an ingredient i've had issues with before
originally blamed it on that
or whether/how the active ingredients have any efficacy on human skin
extracts from six separate types of roses: that sounds nice
there is no attempt to explain how these "patented" technologies are meaningful when applied topically to human skin
i think i'm what cosmetics companies label as "experiential" — the experience of using it carries almost as much weight for me as the results
my skin disagrees with this specific product
i feel like this could be somebody's holy grail product
i ordered the lightest one
please consider making this in other shades
this is perfectly lightweight
otherwise it is a wonderful product for light natural coverage
a poor choice on my part.
it gives no coverage at all
i usually prefer a fuller coverage
i normally use light weight foundations
i used the perricone no foundation foundation
is the incorporation of a dropper to dispense the product
the original no foundation foundation
after reading other reviews i saw the serum has less coverage
i tend to use the original foundation daily
remarkably good coverage for such a light product
a pump would have been more convenient.
setting powder is a must
this formula is flawless
the generic light to medium shade was disappointing
it's "no foundation foundation
it claims to be "no foundation foundation"
please make a fair to light version
after looking at the ingredients list for this foundation
for choosing to use so many unhealthy acne causing ingredients in their products
overall perrine has changed their formulas
i take issue with products that only make one "universal" shade that are really only suitable for folks with light skin
i've read lots of good reviews about the product
i've had issues with dimethicone before
the fragrance samples i did want are still on the websites as options
they ingredients were not listed on the package
ingredients were not listed on the packet
in case that matters for this review
the second ingredient is alcohol
the formula was very liquid
have been a longterm advocate of their products
the product itself feels almost 'watery' in comparison to other oils i have tried/preferred
this product is expensive
had high expectations for it
for such an expense product i expected immediate results
the cream does not stay as another reviewer suggests
there is a return policy?
it was highly recommended to me at sephora store by one of the sales rep
realized i needed to discontinue it
also has a nice cooling/refreshing sensation immediately after application
doesn't provide any visible results
cannot comment on that
this product has not provided a resolution for my issues
as most fresh products
this does not provide the continuous moisture i need
it's been the same result continuously
it does burn immediately after application
for the most part
a sephora associate recommended this product
personally i think that speaks volumes about a products effectiveness or worth for the money
i'd prefer a more traditional cream
this is also the most expensive serum i've used
not only the most ineffective
used the entire bottle and zero results.
what a complete waste of money.
i also wouldn't recommend for sensitive skin.
it just wasn't compatible with my skin.
i read the reviews of that product a variety of times
s to reduce the cost
one of the people from the store recommended this
standard pore strips work better than these.
building up excess oil
the drugstore versions of pore strips work better than these
the two step process
jart line was recommended to me by a sales associate
i would recommend just using a drugstore alternative
a sephora employee recommended this to me when i asked for advice on minimizing or unclogging pores
the best product i found is glamglow in the white bottle
get a monthly facial for the resistant ones.
boscia is good for upkeep.
i've used 100s of skin care products
there was no strip just the solution
better than drugstore brand.
found that even the cheap drugstore pore strips have greater effect
i cannot more negatively review this product.
go into any drug store
very expensive for the bad effects.
i share the mindset of so many of these reviews for amorepacific's dual eye creme
the stinging prevents me from purchasing this otherwise great product
not with the "duel" packaging or stinging
three stars only for packaging
along with its lack of effectiveness
after reading the other reviews it's actually a common issue
i've made it a mission to try every glamglow mask
not a life changing product
gents should steer clear of this product
i followed up with a generous amount of facial treatment essence
i also experiences a burning sensation when using this product
leave it to dry for 5-10 like it recommends
which can be beneficial or irritating depending on which part of the plant is being distilled
now, it could be user error or faulty pump.
better packaging would be appreciated!
the dispenser is terrible
5 stars for the product
one star deducted due to bad packaging
the product itself is light
unfortunately the dispenser does not give equal amounts of product from both chambers
the packaging recommends pounding on the counter to "encourage" the process
even after several applications
there may be possible benefits that can't be observed on the surface since peptides are anti-aging
as other reviewers have
yet still charged the same amount
i would not recommend this eye gel for nightly use
the stickiness really negates a lot of that
other properties beyond stickiness
i also don't like the stickiness of it
i received several foils
wrinkle-reduction takes time
give me that cooling effect
as other reviewers have said
i learned this was more of a prevention product more than it is a treatment
i'll continue to use the product since it is supposedly for prevention
also found the consistency very sticky.
cooling action is great!
the results aren't lasting
this product was recommended to me by a sephora employee
this was recommended by a sales associate
this cleanser came highly recommended by the sales staff
swapped this product with my usual purity
believed that this would yield similar results
not intended for sensitive skin
i chose this product because it had the word "replenishing" in the title
hence giving it two stars.
yet despite both these factors
depending on your preference
it also has dimethicone pretty high on the ingredient list
as another review said
i found better quality creams with lower price.
i am not typically very sensitive to face products
less wrinkle as well
or even less expensive
i used this product
i currently reside in a dry climate
pairs well with make up.
i expected more from clinique.
the product does make an insane amount of promises
skin from using this product?
there are more affordable serums out there that will achieve a very similar result
it was like an ordinary cream
it's better off using the highly reviewed
i don't know why clinique keeps changing it's formulas such as the two serums i mentioned above
replacing them with inferior ones like this
as a treatment serum i do not find this product gives remarkable results
giving a nice base for make-up application
so cannot comment on liquid
used in conjunction with the full line was awful for my skin
note that oil doesnt always equal moisture.
the cost of this is truly high
i tried two different higher end primers
the amount of packaging they use is positively ridiculous as well
after reading multiple good reviews about this korres product
as for the performance of the cream
i like the wild rose products much more.
even with two applications
it claims to be "anti-wrinkle
like it was alcohol based or something
i used the entire jar with the latter portion aided by fresh's seaberry oil underneath
all these creams are just money makers
the only reason why i rated this product 2 stars
when sometime is labeled as a mask
the packaging is not suitable for it's consistency
it's hard to find a treatment that provides that glow boost
since its somewhat expensive
i continued using it
i'll update my review when i gauge whether this was the breakout culprit
'd recommend using caution when testing this product
i wouldn't recommend this product to sensitive skin types
although i usually only use their products marketed for sensitive skin
it is not a helpful product
i agreed with the firmness
followed the simple instructions
before buying this product i heard mixed reviews
decided to switch to an alternative
defined the fine lines
at the same time alcohol denat is very high on the list
in terms of stabilizing my skin
it has the consistency of water.
i only use it as a primer
it is important to mention that this serum/primer does contain a lot of alcohol
so i would approach this product carefully.
which is in the ingredients
i tried this as part of a shiseido rewards kit
if you read the ingredients you will see that the second ingredient is alcohol
which is extremely drying
my skin did grow upon the first application
i tried using this product various ways
i normally use this product first
put it towards a laser treatment
i discontinued using it
saw many similar reviews online
contrary to other what other reviewers say
read the reviews for this product
went to a competitor website for how to remove which is "tissue off excess product" btw
which is a huge bonus
it only creates more
i first used this in a household with soft water
i generally like algenist products.
this one isn't satisfactory.
i would recommend a different product
disappointed that this was recommended at the store for make up removal
it is so complicated to use
i normally enjoy algenist products
as well as a recommendation from a seph
got the cheaper alternative
with the first application
it clearly contains oil as you circulate the product onto your face
i experimented using it several different ways
i am currently using sheshido
i decided to upgrade to the genius eye cream
i'll stick with the complete eye renewal cream for the future
anti-aging promises sound very promising
although this came highly recommended by one of the sales associates at sephora
as with most other algenist products
this eye cream could not deliver on promises to firm
there are a multitude of far more effective products on the market at 1/3 the cost
i'd probably find a cheaper alternative
this is the second product attempt in this genius line
there is superior eye creams on the market for this price tag
i primarily purchased this in hopes that it would hydrate
however the packaging can be improved.
as stated by others
i like these types of products
i followed the instructions from the packaging
it did transition from gel to oil.
plus it is super expensive.
like to keep methods simple
not recommended, had to return the product!
this is certainly gentle and ease one step use.
purity made simple after this
i found tons of foundation
i continued to use the product
after using this product
it generally works as advertised
i recommend many of ole's products
this one is a catastrophic miss
i quickly checked the ingredients
the first one is mineral oil
the number one ingredient is mineral oil.
main ingredient in this oil is mineral oil
due to ingredients in this product
you are better off purchasing olive oil for $4
it is almost all mineral oil
this product is $32 which is not the special cleansing product it could be for that price
it is pure oil
it was recommended to me by a sephora employee to reduce circles under my eyes
it seems the reviews are mixed
i found this product to be very drying.
it also had alcohol as the third ingredient
at least upon application
most likely i was heavy h
the price range is amazing for the quality
so many better origins options in the price range
i love the fact that it's plant based.
be advised that dimethicone is number 3 in the list of ingredients
i will continue to finish the container
this is no different than the rest of origins products
just an average serum that doesn't really deliver
i can get those benefits from any otc product.
very impractical and dangerous applicator .
the rating site was not allowing me to post my review
it cannot be worn by itself
this product is for normal skin
based on whether hyaularonic is an ingredient
mainly due to the extensive use of dimethicone in their products
i get very similar results from a hyaluronic acid serum at less than half the cost
origins is such a popular br
my detailed review is below.
i got it based on the recommendation of an employee
this is a decent entry from origins
its name is drink up intensive
i love estée lauder products for their consistency
this serum is not an exclusion.
the reviews of this product were so high
in spite of the other reviews
i'll be returning this product
i only gave it two stars because the delivery system is really easy to use
seems to administer the correct amount each time
this product contains too much fragrance which is never good news for your skin
the pump wasn't working
i used the entire bottle completely consistently
every product that somehow contains ingredients from the sea breaks me out
i did a super scientific test of this on one half of my face
as soon as you open the product any beneficial ingredients will start to evaporate
which is actually inside of the sparse "beads" within the carrier product
used these products in a combined solution as suggested by skin inc
the micro-beads of product that are supposed to be delivered via the serum don't seem to contain anything of measurable substance as i've seen far better results from far less pricy lines
the bottle is very small
t's comparably expensive with no obvious effects at all
you spend less on the pure version.
there are also better mixes depending on your issue
just horrible customer service
one star for the manufacturer
using it per their directions
1% hyaluronic acid is pretty much all you reap its benefits
which means that even if the ingredients listed before it were preservatives
i love the little dots of product within product is appealing
even from the natural products
i believe it's targeted for matured skin
especially if you consider the fact that actives are inside the tiny capsules
less than a 10th of the bottle?
love the overall design of the brand.
producing more oil to compensate
probably created by the dehydration going on due to this ingredient
or black tea bags or some other much cheaper depuffing methods
this product made my facial features "bunch up" in an odd way
too sticky, and ultimately ineffective.
particularly an expensive one
my detailed review is below.
i disagree completely with the description that it plumps or works as a primer
i added in this product
if you look at the ingredients list
as an addition to a regular skincare routine i am skeptical about how much anti-aging or skin perfecting action this provides
the plain cream in this range is much better.
based on the good reviews this product got
not an ingredient i would deem for all sensitive skin types
it served my needs
doesn't that defeat the purpose?
bought this product on the recommendation of a sephora employee when i requested ideas for a new toner
this is a product that might get 3 stars if it billed itself as simply a toner
many of the other reviewers seem to use this as a supplement to their usual routines
the results were average.
firming effects are nice
particularly in the t zone
instant perfecting mask for years
the results are great
firming the moment this is applied
with certain fresh products
with the super heavy price tag i expected an overnight miracle
did fresh have to make such a heavy packaging?
for this price i prefer the black tea instant perfecting mask
drinking water is helping only so much...
i guess it's another example of sephora trying to create a new "niche" product
it said to apply a "generous layer"
i used the entire bottle as directed before forming an opinion
aside from some cooling effect
i cannot report any difference
it is too expensive to just use as a basic serum
i used it daily
read about product in prevention
being 56 (although a somewhat well preserved 56!)
this product is simply a freezing
it has not delivered the extended result it promises
i used this product day
on areas i applied the cream
products with less than stellar results
i already completed 3 cycles of clarins double serum with really no results
after photos on the marketing were almost identical
hoping it would be a great anti-aging preventative measure
i find "power advanced wrinkle serum" by algenist to work a lot better
especially when it comes to long term results
when i apply this product
$90 for a 1 month supply is a bit high.
it was just an unnecessary extra step in my skin care
had to order it online instead
used 2 bottles before i reviewed
horrible design & waste of product.
i will look for something alternative in a topical cream
another is deceiving your customers
crease release works better
i've used many beauty products
as well as the promise
that's some selling tool
with a product such as this
put the tm sign next to it
the product name is deceptive.
it's too expensive to use without providing any long term benefit
i used no more needles as directed.
the cost is high
the amount in the bottle is minimal
plus, the pump is super faulty.
the packaging needs to be changed immediately
even after numerous attempts to unclog it
i think this is another problem with the pump/packaging as well
the pump is a fail.
generally receive compliments on the health/tone of my skin
the product also did not lather/foam despite following the two different instructions on the bottle versus the package insert
after reading reviews with very similar reactions after just a couple uses
i'd give the product itself 4 stars.
after reading other reviews about the pump
i hope glamglow will fix the dispenser
for a product from a high end br
extremely defective packaging that they should fix especially for the price
the small container pump sticks to the point that it won't dispense the product without invoking excessive force
and i use another product instead.
i'll continue using the masks
both times the spring in the pump mechanism failed to work properly
i currently use proactive because i like how it exfoliates
i'd rate this above smashbox primer
the pros outweighed the cons
i like the package
i found an ecocert certified oil-based cleanser that works better for less than half the price
this product is currently collecting dust in my shelf
want to create a barrier on your face
i rarely return products
it is hugely expensive too...
as soon as the product is applied to the face
it's past the "transition" phase
despite all the essential oils
due to all the essential oils
out among other creams in its price range
i've tried several other products
please consider making a fragrance-free version of this
may be better for colder regions
especially from the name
because the sephora employee i spoke with recommended it so highly
not the same potency
as other reviewers mentioned
unlike the original hope in a jar
very displeased with this product
the search for another great eye cream continues
at $51 for less than an ounce
this "renewed" is not as effective as the old eye
the product goes on easily
so soothing that i continued to use it
it may have other uses or benefits
works basically the same as the $8 tube of eye cream i used to use
giving it a shorter shelf life
i will say that this is an excellent br
in addition to the other stuff i use
there are more affordable solutions
started implementing those methods in my routine
there are cheaper alternatives for removing your makeup
i typically stick to higher end products
it has such great reviews
new backup bottle that i had
i also prefer to see the oil in a transparent bottle just my own pet peeve
not as effective as it claims
decided to use one pump of this oil
since i'd had such great experiences with other de products
all skin types are different
assumed it was the product
i used this entire bottle
it's great at breakout prevention
5 stars for the product
great reviews for this product i decided to take the plunge
i don't recommend this product for this skin type
i just don't care for the bar format.
wouldn't recommend for sensitive or problem skin
in my skincare research i've always seen it recommended that a cleanser's ph ideally shouldn't be much higher than 5
at the suggestion of other reviewers
especially reading the instructions
except for certain areas
i will continue to use the wash
this product was such a waste of money
the fact that it is an oil
both products were the same price range
have similar skin care promises
or perhaps it was a promotion
i'll be returning this product
tread with caution if you use this product
from my own experience
older after a few usages
have not notices superior cleansing power or long term results
i expect a product to deliver on hype
primarily for sensitive skin
was disappointed to see fragrance listed so high in the ingredient list
the quality is high
the yogurt ingredient that is being advertised in this product is the very last ingredient listed meaning it has smallest concentration of all ingredients
they try to advertise this as a "natural" product by stating that 80% is made up of natural ingredients
is suitable for vegetarians
the design of the bottle is extremely terrible
requires multiple cleansings to get a good clean
i read all the reviews of this product
had high expectations from it
found it to be average in performance
although it is a gentle formula
i've had other products that performed the task better
consider the other negatives-
it has such excellent reviews
on the benefit site
advertised claims sound great
product is totally ineffective
has no long-term benefits
i used this constantly
the product itself didn't work
the packaging was also poor
one of my rare returns to sephora.
it's also such a small tube for such an expensive product
which is i main reason for using it
as is the case in way too many of benefit's cosmetics
this product did provide any instant results like it claims
also be aware that it is highly scented
overall, i would not recommend this product.
almost seems like they just repackaged high beam as an under eye treatment
this does de-puff fairly well as described
this is absolutely no replacement
i received this as a sample along with the amazing it's potent eye cream
i love benefit products
it's a lot like most products for the skin by benefit
i find they use ingredients to do quick fixes.
this is expensive packaging.
upsold this product to me
with items that do not deliver
giving false positive reviews
i will no longer be a customer of the brand.
yet another product promising to correct a specific area that doesn't work
this is the second benefit product i've had to return recently because the fragrance was too strong to tolerate
far from optimal results
including all the necessary
i found this product to be extremely drying
i usually use origins
true products for now
due to the extremely high cost i returned it.
while origins as a line targets consumers in their late 20s
i've found other serums for almost half the price that are natural
it would make the products roll up
actively work to prevent aging
this works well as a primer
i love almost anything origins releases
not a deal breaker as it says to follow with lotion
i rated two stars instead of one only because the product applies incredibly smooth
or "fresh" than normal
was expecting for this serum to provide some extra moisture
the fingertips i used to apply the serum seemed to lose traction
may be an issue for those extremely sensitive to scent
tried to use this as primer
the other reviewers that compare this to a primer are not wrong: dimethicone is listed as one of the top ingredients
this is one of the top ingredients in some primers too
it does have the consistency of a primer
i will continue to use this as a primer
this is marketed towards younger women as far as serums go
as an everyday mask?
for anti-aging benefits
look less prominent than prior to use
it is difficult to remove
it's also not sephora exclusive as the site states
i would apply is daily
as the claims state
appreciate that it is alcohol-
it says it firms
based on other reviews
it was part of a kit
based on a stranger's comment i have to give credit where due
good amount of product also
this product is not for all skin types.
i've read all these reviews
whilst it curbed oil production a bit
i used this product as directed
for the most part
this product is clearly not for that skin type
brought this product after many sephora reps raved about it
as with any product
i used this mask once as directed
not worth it with the side effects
in addition to other anti-aging products
that version isn't supplied in stores
which is a disaster for those with sensitive skin
use sparingly as indicated on bottle if sensitive
i can see instant results.
the results are amazing
nothing special for such a high price
all are rated high as toxic on the ewg website.
prior to using this eye cream
there are not too many products that claim this as it has vitamin k
she recommended this product
i used it as directed
purchased this eye treatment from sephora for $100
i usually rely heavily on the wealth of reviews on here
the search for the perfect eye cream continues
friend recommends this product.
it works well for fine lines
while this product did minimize
i used it correctly
the beads in this product are a nuisance.
the product has dots of product included in the cream
this product has a significant drying effect
they are genetic which makes it particularly difficult to find a product
outrageously expensive way to receive zero results
that goodness for sephora's excellent return policy
also because its pretty expensive
i tried thus product
i've read the reviews on sephora as well as a description of the product which seems to promise to reduce the appearance of dark circles
well it didn't deliver
besides, unworthy for such price!
is it the packaging or am i getting a bad batch?
it was a massive hassle
this product was very intense would not recommend if you have sensitive or reactive skin
this is the first review i have ever written despite all the makeup/skincare products i have purchased over the years
it is so effective
it will exclude a lot of customers.
oned the product by the fourth use
however i'm very disappointed with the packaging
as it says daily
most definitely to harsh for daily use
paper its very dry
i also felt that the pump in the 1oz bottle was very limited to the product it dispensed which was also disappointing
have used the mask version of this
i should've been more skeptic since this product has a ton of mixed reviews
i prefer their black tea age delay product.
that it was very lightweight
i found it cannot be absorbed.
feels very refreshing upon application
don't know its effectiveness
have a mixed relationship with this product
plays well with other products
or the combination of products with the weather
as excited as i was for this nutrient packed product
fresh like the packaging seems to imply
great cleansing power for the price.
try a drugstore alternative first.
i found it lacked in its cleansing ability when compared to other oil cleaners
in my experience a lot of products with natural oils will turn over time
an unscented version would be preferable.
i starting developing small breakouts
this product has a lot of ingredients that are known to be irritants
there are also irritating plant oils in this.
not all plant oils are good.
it should be called the divine irritating oil.
it also contains some oils that are known to be irritating
not all plant-based oils are good for your skin!
this is the worst product ever
it would be better served as a toner.
i would rather go to drug stores
otherwise i would recommend the product to those with non-sensitive areas
based on all the glowing reviews
i specifically asked about the tinting component as i didn't want anything that tinted
i would highly recommend it
don't like the potential for bacterial growth.
need an intense spf with our high altitude sun
the product has some kind of color capsules in it
i am new to perricone products.
it basically provides no coverage at all.
i ordered this product online
ordered because of the reviews
as far as results
had high hopes for this serum
the bottle is expensive also
in combination with my daily spf 40 usage
insane price for a product with no positive visual results
in the other two products
directly in the trash can!
but the sticky is gross.
this was highly recommended to me by a sephora sales member for dark spots related to my pregnancies
this formulation is a skip for my sensitive skin
a sephora employee recommended this product.
however, i found this product to be very drying.
therefore i can't use any algenist products.
as a color artist at sephora i try a lot of products
the sales associate recommended this cleanser to me for those issues
they focused more on the color changing aspect than actually creating a superb mask/cleanser product
i highly do not recommend this product.
i rarely return products
didn't see any effects from the product description
cons-designed to be applied to dry skin
so after careful reading of many reviews
loved the cooling effect
i loved the idea that this is not an acne-specific treatment
i think this is because it contains alcohol
since using this product
i've used the ibuki range off
on since its release
was convinced it was tailored just for me
very difficult to pick up an appropriate amount from the jar
the high alcohol content is counter productive as well
it required some dry time prior to continuing with my skincare regime
i would not recommend this for those with sensitive or reactive skin
plus i prefer the pump application.
this is an updated version of it
the newer product is more of an actual gold glitter which i don't really care for
the older version was better
discover only 2/3 of product filled the bottle
thats's why i order online .
i won't be reordering.
it's a complete scam and a waste of packaging.
if the product weighs in according to the packaging
the seller compare it to a bag of chips
it claims to be gentle
you waste most of it
for that amount of product josie should only charge $25
above in hopes of achieving overall refinement that his product claims to achieve
no improvement in any category.
likely due to the silicone content
especially in the long term
yes it works as advertised
can be quite reactive
i gave this product several days' use
in hopes of a great new product.
enjoy the feedback you get continuously without asking:
it was the most expensive one
i've tried applying it several times using varying amounts
it remains on top of the skin
the packaging was fine for me.
there are much better options available
always give fair reviews
its because i used a promo code to get a mini of this for free
as far as the actual product goes
if you are interested in a bobbi brown non-primer skin prep/base product
no one selects an item
high reputation of the bb line
its an okay primer
application of the product is great
i wish the brand would return to the old formula.
this new formula isn't nearly as good!!
use many of their products
this used to be my lifeline.
please bring back the original.
this version makes my foundation "pill".
it does not hydrate as well as the previous version
the spf version is heavier
is less effective than the original
this renewed spf version just doesn't cut it
which makes applying primer
totally different consistency than the original.
i do appreciate the effort to include spf.
this was recommended in its place
is not a suitable replacement by any means
this was one that a sales associate directed me too
as far as anti aging
other claims this product says it does
the product blends into nothing on the skin.
i would recommend using the money towards another product that works
i give products most products a fair chance
i discontinued use immediately
it usually takes time for it to adjust to a new product
hoped that this or the good genes would help "elasticity"
it doesn't spread well
the oil in this is green
i find this intolerable for daily use
a sephora rep really sold me on the benefits for my post acne marks
i agree with most of the other reviews
this doesn't produce any results
not the product in this case
not prone to breakout at all
there are better facial oils on the market for sure
i've definitely used better oils for a lesser price
all the hype i expected results
always get a sample first with these extremely expensive products
i still continue using good genes on its own
purchased as part of the duo kit with good genes.
based on the cost alone
based on the claims in the description
the company uses this format because it's way cheaper than pure retinol
the fact that this does anything at all is purely due to oils in the formula
albeit this is subjective as many find the scent offensive
first of all these ingredients are super strong.
as i haven't paid attention into measuring that
this product is supposed to firm skin
i used the entire bottle
after using multiple combinations of this on my face
have to assume the vitamin a was responsible
based on her entrepreurial bio
i try to mix up products to see what works as i'm a fan of new products
aside from pretty packaging
i received my customized blend
creating one serum instead of using 3 or 4 what a concept
unfortunately this does not compare with the effect of the 3 individual serums
s on the product
after reading all of the reviews
this was an epic fail.
like several other mid-20s users with oily or combination skin have noted
/or having to vary the days
i've tried varying the amount i apply
when i applied foundation
it will not layer well.
lines wonderfully on its own
so it's a total fail as a primer.
regardless of the products i used
regardless of what application i use
no longer than my drugstore primer does.
i got this in the sephora sun safety kit
it was perfect for use under my new foundation which
do not use any oil-based products with this or it will pill
was quickly recommended this by a sales rep
it's an overwhelmingly strong
it replaced my current [no-spf
neck than similar products
avoid the real flowers at all cost
there are tons better primers out there for less the price
to achieve the effect of the spf
will be giving this product to a friend who doesn't care about the spf factor so she can benefit from the lightest of layers
this works fine as a regular old primer
it doesn't have the "blur" effect it touts because it goes on transparent
can't say whether it protects adequately from the sun
i will be using it sparingly
mainly because of the cost
while the formula is smooth
trying different application styles
this product was deeply disappointing.
i went to different sephora locations
maybe after the packaging is fixed
as most other primers
it needs to be priced appropriately
feels immediately after application
i combine this with the primer from stila
this first aid beauty is among that category.
i love this particular line from first aid beauty
/or sensitive skin may find it helpful
the description stated that it may help with conditions like seborrhea etc
this is more of a primer
a skin consultant at sephora recommended this to
imperfections however within the following 20 minutes it becomes extremely oily
this product was highly recommended by the csr
the search continues for a products that really works
overall an average product.
since the sephora employee was so complimentary of the product
i tried to use different amounts
was recommended this product by a sephora employee saying that it was the one product for me
i recently purchased this because i have extremely oily skin
this product was recommended by one of sephora employees
this product neither mattifies not moisturizes--back to the drawing board
foundation does not apply well on top of the product
the product has separated
i tried the pore professional by benefit after that
i tried applying it with multiple techniques
i would rather use a bottom shelf
this did not help control oil more than any other oil-controlling primer or powder
as the "tightness" from this product it's probably due to the alcohol content which is appalling since why would you want to add a drying ingredient in an eye product that is promoted to help anti aging?
not the actual product
even applied it only on one undereye to compare.
showed me how hydrating it was on initial application
also the associate did not mention that the instructions suggest applying the essence
the dispenser dispenses too much product as far as i'm concerned
that product should be discontinue
using two other products with this same line
this "eye essence" was $95
why all the other excellent reviews
it is cooling to the eye area
alcohol has destructive effects on the skin.
as i don't think it contains quality ingredients
this is one of the only products that provides lasting moisture
i've tried it with multiple primers
going to return and exchange for moisture surge.
belief has other great products as well
i like the consistency of the product.
it made me produce more oil
i live in a dry climate to begin with
in the how to use section
then i have to use 2 products?
it also doesn't have many anti-aging benefits
since it's such a small amount of product for a pretty high price
my skin is not sensitive to the majority of products i use
find new products to use
this has come in most of theit packages
has a high content of alcohol
to be exact) is outrageous.
are a fraction of the cost
the worst combination ever
for the most part
i also found it slightly reactive.
wanted a little preventive care.
has no other factors like brightening or cooling
this is no different than a drug store eye cream.
based on previous reviews
have been using for a month along with the belif tea tree toner
would not recommend for sensitive skin.
as much as i believe in skincare "steps" this is not a great addition
which i consider drying
was drawn to this product by the salesperson
true first aid beauty
i completely stopped using both products
this product created lines
now its in a pump.
while i give it a few points for quick absorption
though to add to the collection
as many other reviews stated
this should be marketed as glitter.
oil free which i like
the description is super vague.
there is nothing on the packaging
i mix it with a cream for better application
the downside is it seems to be extremely drying.
too harsh for everyday use
the gel by itself is nothing at all special
being able to customize how much of the mud
ing out among the other products i've used
s products except this one
glamglow needs to do some revamping on this one.
doesn't dispense enough product in one or two pumps
it causes a reliance effect.
one of skin care's marketing techniques.
it does not strengthen your skin.
it weakens it and make you reliant on this.
after reading all the reviews on several websites
i can use cushion foundation directly on it
primers do not work on top at all
the blurring part is true
it applies a bit heavy
i like this product because it has high spf
as other reviewers have noted
my foundation would not blend
which doubles beautifully as a primer
as noted in other reviews
it is hard to incorporate into your face
which is a major bonus in hot weather
also has a really strong floral sent that i don't care for
the fact that it has spf in it
not attractive at all
it has good sun protection
this one was recommended to me by a sephora beauty specialist
that it is not meant to be waterproof
and too expensive to have these flaws!
as other reviewers mentioned
the employee at sephora highly recommended everything from their line
i usually love first aid beauty items
having use their ultra repair for the body religiously
work quickly to spread this
that it doesn't lift/firm
a sephora worker recommended this product
saw how highly peoplespoke of this masked
save your money for a better alternative.
that’s when i came across these affordable little gel pods by sephora
which i struggle with
the packaging should be changed
was disappointed in this product compared to the reviews
i continued to try the product
i considered returning this
it does provide what i would consider a significant amount of moisture
i can't speak for long-term effects
since the description of skin types includes dry skin
other reviewers are correct
i will continue my hunting for effective cleansing masks
doesn't test on animals
it's doesn't work any faster than significantly cheaper masks
is made with more natural ingredients
usually find it very effective
an associate recommended it for my sensitive skin
i used mask exactly as instruction said2
i like other caudalie products
according to an option in the instructions
not impressed with any clinique product i have used
can only assume it was relating to using this product
the ingredients seemed fairly harmless
may have been good to use with multi-masking
likely suitable for very
that can lean dry based on the treatments i use
making it difficult to apply evenly
t may have been one of the plant oils
i applied this product
the dropper works well in pumping up the product unlike a few other br
i will continue to use flora until the bottle runs out
the representative at the counter mixed it with some liquid foundation
surprised that the high reviews
i really thought this was on par with any drugstore quality product
i am an individual with combination/acne prone skin who is very active in the korean beauty world
the formula is somewhat sticky
ntrigued by the bamboo aspect of this mask
it has alcohol in it
it lists actual perfume as an ingredient
since i'd had a custom makeover
beware those with combination skin.
doesn't mitigate the fact that it does cleanse well
definitely not recommended this product.
either i've found military-grade makeup that doesn't budge
both methods kind of defeat the purpose of the cleansing oil
those are my cons
cleansing ability was about the same
this product is nearly impossible to dispense
not my go to for anti aging benefits
this one came with very high reviews specifically relating to dark circles
the application of the treatment is awkward
i'd rather use a produce that is more typically a mask than this stick format
(i was taken in by the the novel stick idea.)
deally the concept of having a stick form cleanser for travel purposes is great
apply the stick in circular motions
especially given the packaging
because i am losing so much product to the packaging choice of boscia
great face wash, but shoddy design.
like many of the reviewers
the cons outweigh the pros in my opinion
do not show a centimeter of the product!
i'd did not reduce oil or increase it
while it's light weight, its not intensive.
i usually use boscia products
the instructions in the product does give you massage methods for the face
plus i don't think this provides enough as s solo product
the product does "instantly" produce "a firm
which is what i used as the basis of this review
nor are the ingredients
its really not that effective.
not so much oil as alcohol
such as the pre-emt collection
this product was recommended to me by a store associate
as many reviews state
products like this one
have highly reactive skin
while i like how gentle the formula is
the quantity is so little
works the same as less expensive br
mainly from 4 different companies
i always use 2 masks
i would highly recommend this
super soft directly after
so when this sample was on the 100pts rewards
i like that its its cheaper than the original
i can use daily
comparable to drug store brands.
however after 3 uses as instructed
am guessing i have a sensitivity to the ingredients
used exactly as directed
i used as directed
don't have to use two products
the packaging is nice
the packaging is deceiving
the product doesn't exactly live up to its description completely
my more detailed review video is below.
the problem is that when you click in the 'ingredients' tab
all it says is that it contains oxygen
i like philosophy products
other eye cream surpass this one easily
bad product please remove this from industry
i've tried combining it with more emollient eye products without success
please note i only used this product for one week
the caffeine in the product definitely gives an instant perk to your under eye
this is their worst product
also had about 4-6 uses in each
it says the product is not tested on animals
i wanted to speed along the process
regularly uses face masks
package is also bad since using a fine layer doesn't use up all the product in the package
sticky formula makes application to be easy
avoid products that are "made for oily skin"
it blends in well
this product does an average job of controlling shine
makeup user for many years
i came across this product based on all the positive reviews from multiple sites
i would rate this one as average
the oil makes it hard to control
this is one of the cheapest oils
has some of the highest levels of pesticide use
higher quality boscia product for its consistency
makes it easier for the second cleanse
which was an oil
for those with sensitivities
was recommended this product
i plan on using it to help reduce tan lines this summer as well
almost all are five star ratings using the similar promising lines
look at the ingredient deck
most of the "active" ingredients fall in the lower third of the list
ingredients are listed in decreasing quantity
you can get double the amount of a truly professional masque with 15 times the amount of active ingredients for much less money
have invested in trying a ton of brightening treatments
the sheet masks are more promising
according to the package directions
based on the positive reviews
or "radiant" after the first application
as effective as cooking oil
it also became very dry
this product is severely over hyped.
the ingredients are cheap and outdated.
i took very good care of it it was just outside of the warranty
tria replaced it with no problems since it was still under warranty
i used mine exactly as directed
i exchanged the laser for a new one with no hassle
the new laser is much stronger than the first one i had purchased
the first laser was not uncomfortable to use
the new laser is pretty uncomfortable to use
i will update with results.
this has had such great reviews
charged it as per the instruction booklet
meaning it was effective
i've tried so many different techniques of applying this after mixing it in with my foundation
looked up the ingredients online
definitely ensure you read the ingredients
more of a quick fix than a skin product
error phase for all of my products as of late
the search for a hg product for me continues.
at least sephora has a great exchange policy!
it works with all my skin care products
most of ptr's items are very good--expensive
a sephora employee recommended this product to me
the employee highly recommended me this one
for some reason i usually have issues with ptr products
i tried several other products
it contained all the ingredients i wanted
of all the face products i've used
the active ingredients will be exposed to air
this eye cream is a waste of time and money.
false description use listed here.
the only use listed on the container itself says 'sunscreen'
it smelt very strongly of sake
i've used an entire jar of this product.
disappointing for this line.
some are less expensive
total waste of $$$ and product.... why boscia?!?!
ingredients are on point
it was a gel which was new to me
i used it in store during a custom makeover
this product was recommended to me as such
i do recommend it to my clients that have extremely dry skin
i love 99 percent of boscia's products.
the gel was very refreshing upon application
light weight both in weight and results.
i've tried other products in this line with a consensus of being underwhelmed
i tried this based on a recommendation from a sephora employee
after reading through a ton of reviews
this cream has great firming properties
this eye cream is marketed for " daytime " use
i gave this three stars because it's an effective product
just the texture is a bit deterring for me.
i would say average product.
gave in depth explanations
feels relaxing to apply with the rollerball that comes in the packaging
i ordered this in a neverending quest to find something to replace the $250 lam*** eye cream i've been using for 20+ years
after using it religiously
it is easy to apply
just an average product.
honestly compares to any generic face cream you could pick up much cheaper at the drug store
this new formulation has a much shorter shelf life
i used the entire tube and my skin is the same
needed to get to free shipping
the fourth ingredient listed
customer service was nice enough to email me their return policy in response to my inquiry
waste of money due to poor packaging.
quality product, awful packaging.
offer no visible benefits
which claims to be mild
this one contains more alcohol
sensitive skin users be aware!
with that said i expected more from such a prestigious skin care line
like other reviews said it is sticky
this does have it as well as the algae which i was intrigued by
i wish i paid closer attention to the ingredients
i normally use products with very minimal
the problem with this product was the actual engineering of the package
i follow a rather rigorous skin care regiment
the ingredient list seems great
this may work for someone that hasn't been using high end- quality products or niacinamide in general
the product is fine.
for a product so expensive
however, the packaging is awful.
great product, horrible dispenser.
wasted this expensive product
the packaging limits its shelf life because of a dropper that doesn't work
algenist has lost a loyal user
there are other products just as effective at the same price point where attention is paid to packaging that assures easy application
keeping the product fresh
this product is amazing like most other algenist products
the pump doesn't work
the same issue applies to every bottle
the company doesn't seem to care
this is my first review of a product
this formula is no exception
the problem is the eye dropper dispenser does not pull in or release the serum
showed the sales people
the applicator is nothing short of ludicrous
need help with firming
the dispenser does not work
with sephora's amazing return policy
i applied it as instructed
(combination to dry, highly sensitive)
look at when the account was created
the only review on that account
gave the two stars only for beautiful packaging
does not improve my redness- which is intended purpose for this product
this product does not layer well with other skin products
so you have to use a lot more than an oil-based serum
it has high amount of alcohol.
why all their products don't have the whole list of ingredients?
making the efforts of the polish non-existent
pat it on my face to prevent over usage
will continue to use for acne until i find a similar cheaper alternative
following the amazing feedback
reviews this product has
sephora for this kind of dishonesty
as i don't feel the results justify the cost
there seems to be a flaw in the bottle design
manufacture for this product
the pump does not function.
lancer need to address the packaging issue
assuming that sephora only sold quality eye treatments
again, the bottle would not dispense the product.
how such a poorly designed
ridiculously expensive product has sephora's reputation attached
the ingredients for this product sound great.
this is a formula that creates immediate/temporary benefits due to its velvety texture
mpressed with its longer term results
it is very lightweight
it is super light weight when it is first applied
my issue is the hydration, or lack of in my case.
have an appropriate dry skin care regimen
it is too chemical to the point that my husb
the night cleanser was the most underwhelming item in the set
was not an easy circulation
i discontinued use after giving it multiple tries
as with other reviews
everyone's chemical make-up is different
what this product intends to do
i've used this product multiple times
organic products as much as possible
animal cruelty-free approach
utilizing different methods of exfoliation in advance
i will continue to support this company
after reading other reviews
since it's an all natural product
while applying my primer
like many other reviewers
per the instructions given in the listing
amazing results when applied correctly!!
i always credited it to the foundation
now after reading all the other reviews
the one required star is for the smell
like all of the other clients said
why is a product like this gracing shelves at sephora??
even though it is called rise
claims it helps reduce the appearance of fine lines
including my primer which i use every day with no problem
forms a film on the skin
sticky, low quality product.
the formula felt light
it appears that the focus of this product is to help with wrinkles
acts like a wrinkle across it
i apply primer on top
usually that only happens with certain primers
this product is a little to heavy
considering all the five star reviews
my love for more natural products
it does reduces the appearance of fine lines
i used it everyday
good to use it as primer.
this is like a primer stick.
the search for the perfect eye cream continues.
the soap being responsible for this is unclear to me
their activated charcoal ingredient is almost at the bottom of the list
many other companies produce activated charcoal h
i wanted to switch to natural skin care products
plus on line it doesn't say it has rose extract
even when used in combination with products designed to improve skin care absorption
which is a disaster on my skin
both immediately after application
such as this product
two stars for packaging and company ideals!
have tried the diy route
luxurious when you apply
this face oil is lightweight
not nearly as strong
not heavy, not light, very average.
the ingredients are great
i ordered this because of the great reviews
this mask only contained 2 ounces.
based on the reviews
i rated this "fair" because it's an average product
this mask does minimally tighten
indulge in something with more substantial results
ordered this online because of all of the amazing reviews
i applied as per the directions
truthfully it was such a complete waste
the results are not that impressive
i used as directed
i used the mask as directed
i followed the directions carefully
or it being combined with
i used it everyday for 3 days like it recommends
it has the most poorly designed jar possible
i like the idea of more natural ingredients
the packaging is wonderful
the ingredients sounded promising
i've used most of the pot
based on the reviews
the only part that contains product is the "fatter" white part on the bottom
the issue i have with a lot of farmacy products in general is that they always seem to underfill their packaging
plus i love the packaging
this product might be effect on preventing these problems
the reviews were good
the cost was more manageable
the product description should be rewritten
hence the tightening "dry" feeling some reviewers are citing
the search continues for a good eye cream...
prevent from unnecessary air exposure
i also will reiterate the hatred i have for the dispenser that others have noted
delivery system is awkward
the design of the bottle is efficient- it uses an eyedropper so you don't waste product
based on many raving reviews
since it does not seem to help facilitate the absorption of lotion which is kind of the point of a serum
will switch back to my pricier usual face serum
search for holy grail continues...
y dropper measures precisely what you need every time
i will be using solely as a night cream
first, the pump doesn't work.
where was the product?
when i use this product
it tends to pill up over any other item i use under it
i read the mixed reviews before actually buying this product
it is discontinued by sephora
cruelty free products before
especially when it costs $80
as i love their other products
this is highly spoken of
it would be most beneficial if drunk elephant would include this information with their package insert
after saving up (de products are expensive!!)
sales associate recommended this product for dark spot treatment
this product oxidized after 6 weeks which is ridiculous considering the price tag
the only reason i was willing the spend the money on it in the first place was because it came in an opaque package with a pump to reduce the rate of oxidation
the products that i use must totally absorb into the skin
the packaging on this is great
combo skin on its own
this is a novelty item.
waited for it to be available in canada due to the brutal exchange rate
here's a prime example of an expensive product i gave a genuine try
with 6 ingredients of dimethcone, no thanks.
a sales associate recommended this to me
it really contains a lot of product in one unit
this is by far the worst face soap i ever purchased
attempt to use all of it
you just want to experiment with the k beauty trends coming through sephora nowadays
also no undesirable effects
in an unhealthy way
this is more of a unique product than a must have
love the packaging and the foam part.
maybe the creators of this product should reconsider wording their description different
this product is very hip
this product will be good for teens
i think this product focuses on being fun to use rather than focusing on serious results
my more detailed review video is below.
i much prefer the sheet masks.
did it provide remarkable results?
i will not be recommending this product for any sensitive skin
the only problem i have encountered with both of my bottles is that the pump is faulty
it doesn't dispense at times
i readily ordered this product as a substitute
it is difficult to dispense
is overall unsatisfactory to use
the original product is still available overseas.
i wish there were more regulation in the cosmetic industry
used it in its entirety
or other specific eye area problems or concerns
it does not refresh by cooling
have used the whole tube
helps with the fine lines
another partially used skin care product goes into my reject bin
the tube is very light weight
this is an expensive product for me
this was too expensive for such a poor product.
this is a really expensive product
all the content in the bottle is gone
that part i'm satisfied with.
i actually used the whole system
it most definitely is not "rapid
being someone who is highly tolerant to odorous products
stick to natural or products that are efficient.
different products work for different people
i got this product direct from murad website
i discontinued the product
still searching for a holy grail product.
night as part of an extensive skin care regime
the core of your face
may be more potent
i would recommend all murad products
the reviews about it not effective are true.
not as fast as it claims
the name says "rapid age spot"
which is moderately/highly comedogenic
the idea of this product is exceptional.
one of the girls at sephora recommended this product based on my needs
pros:- affordable- lasts a long time- i used to get frequent white bumps
i've always heard about murad's products through positive reputation
even though this particular cleanser didn't work for my needs because having combo skin products vary depending on the persons preference
i can get similar results using cheaper products.
waste of money for such a terrible product
i've used drugstore priced micellar waters that have done a better job
which defeats the whole purpose of water free
saw this recommended by gothamista.
my only complaint is the packaging.
i highly recommend the other one
i read reviews that it was drying
because i'm sure other parts of life like diet
to oily skin where i'm constantly trying new solutions
the reviews were great
prefer the other version
i highly don't recommend it at all
that resulted in more breakouts
the effect was that my skin overcompensated by producing more oil
when i applied foundation
it was very sensitive to this product
may be more suited to nighttime use.
any recommendations for a product like this that works
the review below is totally on point
the super positive reviews must be fake
in an unusual spot
need more time to see how well it hydrates as winter approaches
this would rank towards the bottom
unspecified on the ingredients list
i will be discontinuing its use immediately.
then use this product
there are other balms that are cheaper that i find enjoyable to use
i finf micellar water does a better job
heavy for what it contains
more trash in the environment
as above comment said
what you paid is for the slick packaging
every time i used the narskin total replenishing eye cream
the product is very light
it's almost non-existent
waste of a box this month!
it is a excellent product for lifting
also the spf is a drawback for me.
i see no fixes after everyday usage of this product
this has soybean oil
the product was just average.
delivery of the product were terrible
doesn't really deliver an even stream
the tube itself is very rigid
once again sephora has not included the full list of ingredients
the "actives" are down near the bottom.
there are about 20 ingredients in this oil which al
since you use so little it is more cost efficient
i rate this 6/10 for 'melting makeup'.
not one single product
