i switched to this product from the detox sets as my skin was getting very oily
my skin feels greasy
i also needed to use a lot to be moisturized
my face feels hydrated
keeps your skin hydrated or basically oily the whole day
my skin loves this at nighttime to give intense hydration without being too much on my combo-oily skin
it makes my combination skin very oily in the morning
my face also feels more moisturized and smoother.
i love a rich hydrating moisture
at first it felt very hydrating
it makes my skin feel super oily after
it does a much better job hydrating my skin
gives skin an amazingly hydrated gorgeous feel
this mask is super cool
i feel like exfoliating ones might be better
it looks like a very bad sunburn.
it does calm irritated my face
the finish is pretty sticky
my skin didn't felt hydrated or refreshed
it's a clear gel that feels pretty lightweight
it was very hydrating tbh
while i found that it was very hydrating
don't particularly leave me skin hydrated.
it cannot make me skin hydrated for more than 2 hours
i don't find it overly hydrating at all
i don't feel like it has moisturized my skin beyond other products
my skin would feel sticky afterwards
intensely hydrating though a little bit greasy
moisturizes really well and calms redness.
my skin felt clean
i feel it making my skin firmer
has made my skin very dehydrated
it was super hydrating
or make the skin around my eyes super smooth
good thing is it does moisturize my eyes area with no grease
it moisturised eye area very well
it moisturizes well at first
the applicator feels nice on your skin
this eye cream is really hydrating
it does hydrate your under eyes
if the eye cream was more hydrating i wouldn't mind so much
it gives enough hydration
very hydrating on my eyes
it feels like it may be hydrating my skin
this cream provides very lightweight hydration that it's not enough for my dry eye area
i notice that my eye area looks way more hydrated when i use it
it did the job keeping my eye area moisturized
it definitely leaves my eyes feeling supple
i would like my skin to feel more moisturized than this offers me
this moisturizer is very thick.
if you want something hydrating
i found this moisturizer to be very greasy
leaving a perfectly matte finish
it was too thin to think that it was actually rejuvenating my skin
the formula is definitely hydrating
no refreshed under eye
it helps your hair as well
my face felt refreshed
my skin does seem moisturized
kept my face moisturized
the morning after night 1 my skin was supple
it helped keep my under eye area moisturized
it left my skin feeling tight
leaves you feeling clean
it could be good for normal to oily skin
making my face feel clean
this is a good moisturizer for extremely dehydrated skin
it makes my face feel smooth.
it went it smoothly and felt hydrating.
my skin felt very oily throughout the day
hydrated it really well
what the heck?back to first aid beauty ultra-hydration cream
makes my skin so smooth afterwards
my skin felt so clean
it does lather well
makes my skin feel clean
it was making me nauseous.
decently hydrating for the winter months
i never felt like it absorbed and moisturized.
left my skin feeling very clean
my toner added to that clean and tight feeling.
it does it's job to moisturize intensely dry patches of skin
not hydrating at all as it just sits on top of my skin
i did not feel hydrated.
my skin looked nice and hydrated.
i do like the cooling feeling.
it's not very hydrating
hydrating product on my extremely dry skin sounded amazing
making my skin more dehydrated
it does give the skin a cooling feeling
i do feel like this brightened up my skin tone especially when i used it in combination with the vinoperfect radiance serum
while it did seem to make my skin feel moisturized
oily skin so moisturizers have always scared me
it soaks in the skin nicely
smooth moisturizes my face
just a very light moisturizer.
it is good if you want a lightweight moisturizer that moisturizes without making zits appear
its not very hydrating though
it managed to make my skin feel greasy
it definitely preps my skin by giving it a little hydration
gives you a bit of moisture
nicely preps your skin
my skin felt smoother after the mask
it's nice for hydration before applying the mask to your clean dry skin
i really loved the idea of a gentle lather face wash
it foams up pretty well
lathered nicely and rinsed easy.
it has a strange feel when rinsing
this facial cleaner is not as good as i was hoping
i still need to use a light moisturizer after using this facial cleanser to make my face feel totally hydrated
although it does work nicely as a cleanser i was hoping the scent would match the moisturizer
it cleanses the skin well
it lathers really nicely
my skin feels tight after cleansing with this
the lightweight moisturizer makes it look oily so sad :
make it feel smooth
to the touch feels like it'd be weightless
i feel that my face is still oily afterwards.
this is a good moisturizer it soaks right into the skin
i feel like i have to use a lot to make my skin actually moisturized
although silicones give a smooth feel/appearance to the face
however it works well as a smoothing/hydrating primer underneath my foundation
loved the feeling of instant hydration
gave me hydration and made my skin glowy.
it feels super light
it moisturizes well for the summer
my eyes didn't even feel or look moisturized
while my eyes definitely feel refreshed after use
it truly is hydrating
the skin around my eyes looks very supple
i think that it does its job by keeping the area around my eye hydrated
this was just not hydrating enough for me
the gel-like consistency feels cool against the skin
it does appear to moisturize the under eyes pretty well
this is okay for before putting on concealer because it feels light weight
just doesnt do more than hydrate your skin
my skin looked hydrated
if you need something to hydrate your thirsty skin
leaves skin feeling decently hydrated
this is a super light moisturizer that absorbs well
it didn't make my skin feel moisturizer or rejuvenated
this gel hydrated my skin a little
additionally i did not feel like my skin was more moisturized when i woke up in the morning
upon application it did feel soothing
complimented my tan really well
the pros of this product are that it really hydrates
it has a thicker consistency which helps hydrate your skin
it made the rest of my makeup look extremely cakey
i really liked the smooth texture of the hydrating lotion as it helps even out my skin tone as well as help moisturizes prior to applying anything on top
the product was very hydrating
the lotion makes the skin very glowy
this moisturizer is pretty thick
my face felt moisturized all day long
makes it feel so oily
skin feels very hydrated.
i don't feel like it's the most hydrating cream i've used
it is quite hydrating
for a product that totes intense hydration--it is actually not very hydrating at all
it was not a deep hydration at all.
at first i thought it was very hydrating
my skin feels right after it absorbs.
thought it was supposed to moisturize my skin
it feels really light weight and mild.
it does not feel hydrating at all
i think people with oilier skin would enjoy this because the hydrating effect is very very subtle
it's super light weight
i thrive for my skin to feel cool
it did not moisturized enough
it gives no "intense hydration"
not as hydrating as i hoped
my skin feels tight after using it.
my skin was visibly dehydrated
yes it moisturizes well as a light day cream
it did absorb pretty well into my oily skin though
moisturized as the original
my face felt so refreshed
though it does have a smooth texture to it
made it feel super tight
it leaves my skin feeling a little raw
it comes out of the bottle very liquidy
does not feel hydrating at all
it's very smooth on my skin
my skin feels more glowy
i dont feel that my skin is that clean after washing
my face felt dry and made my skin feel filmy.
it wasn't very hydrating which i prefer with my normal-combo skin
does leave it feeling clean
the applicator felt cool to the touch
it looks way better when my skin is moisturized
not hydrating at all and made my skin breakout.
i don't feel super hydrated.
i loved the light scent of this cream as well as the cooling feeling you get when applying it
it made my face super super greasy
keeps my face moisturized all day
it feels hydrating enough on my dehydrated skin though nothing special
i really loved it for hydration during the harsh winter without being slick
feels like it should be perfect for oily skin
not richly moisturizing for my super dry skin girls
meaning it should be decently hydrating
will be purchasing something that feels more hydrating on the skin
it felt light weight
does a decent job of hydrating
my skin does not appear or feel moisturized without using my usual moisturizers with it
my skin never felt moisturized like it did with the original multi-active formula
i still feel my skin is super dry even by adding beauty oil into the moisturizer
made my skin to look so dehydrated and flaky.
keeps your skin moisturized
nice moisturizer that kept my skin hydrated all day
isn't helpful in hydrating my very dry skin as it is too light weight
it also leaves my skin feeling greasy
texture is so cool
my skin doesnt feel hydrated at all.
no plumping nor hydrated look at all
didnt make my skin feel smooth at all
i felt no hydration from this product
my skin feels very sticky.
too much silicon feel for a moisturizer
asked for something very hydrating as my skin has many breaks during winter
it doesn't really feel hydrating
is not nearly hydrating enough for
however it is not hydrating at all
woke up with skin that felt barely moisturized
first impression was quite hydrating
leave skin hydrating for the whole night
it's not very hydrating
it makes my skin feel tight
you need a lot of moisture to smooth the fine lines
need some extra hydration while i sleep
it has a cool gel-cream texture that feels nice going on
this worried me because i expected it too feel more soothing being a moisturizing product
most of all it wasnt hydrating enough for me nor replenishing
didn't cool or moisturize my skin.
it is not very hydrating
keeps my eye area hydrated
does feel a little hydrated at night so my eyes don't feel extremely dry
this eye balm was cooling - i'll give it that.
drys with a smooth finish
i found it pretty hydrating which was nice
it really did moisturize well
it makes your skin feel very smooth.
i do feel the moisture
after whatever hydrating step you do to trap the moisture
have hydrated skin all day
i love how it moisturized my skin.
it's a gel texture that does not feel particularly hydrating
primes the skin perfectly for makeup
i didn't feel is soaked into my skin nicely
definitely hydrating without the grease
i actually looked like i was perspiring.
just to make their skin matte
made my foundation look less smooth
feel more oily with this
does a decent job of hydrating
watery gel texture sinks in pretty well
this product is a good eye cream for hydration.
pretty hefty price point for just a regular hydrating eye cream
all it does it moisturize my under eyes
it is quite hydrating with a glow
felt super oily all day
really massaging it into my skin
even though this moisturizer was very hydrating it clogged my pores
i felt my skin looked super dull
the product is pretty thick
my skin always looks more 'glowy' after intense hydration treatment
it left my skin very moisturized without leaving it oily
i liked how moisturized my face felt after using.
very hydrating but slightly greasy.
might not be a good choice for textured or acne prone skin
it didn't feel like it moisturized my face.
it is not super hydrating though
i would say this is more of an esthetically pleasing moisturizer versus fixing dry skin
pros: smells amazing and moisturizes well enough.
neither moisturizing nor glowy enough for me to even finish my play
your skin looks flawless
it made my skin feel greasy
my skin felt super clean after using this
leave my skin feeling clean
it worked well enough to keep my face moisturized
felt super heavy on my skin
this is definitely not a lightweight moisturizer
but it moisturized okay.
making my skin feel smooth
not only is this not very hydrating
when i use it, my skin doesn't feel hydrated.
definitely needs a moisturizer underneath
this definitely blurs and hydrates.
my skin didn't feel hydrated after this
well it does moisturize.
my skin pretty much rejected this moisturizer.
left my skin hydrated
made my skin feel really hydrated
texture is very thick
makes me break out, i have very oily skin.
i wanted a dewy complexion so a staff member recommended this product
it just made my skin feel sticky and sweaty.
it doesn't leave you feeling moisturized
i also noticed that the product gets a bit tingly on my skin
it smells really clean
i still applied a silicone primer before my foundation to make my skin look perfect
my skin still gets very oily throughout the day using this
left my skin feeling very sticky
while i like how hydrating it is
that the color is pretty cool
my skin feels smooth
pores definitely feel clean and tightened.
i felt strong fumes as i was breathing it in
i also enjoy relaxing while i get pampered
it doesn't hydrate very well
not a very good cleanser left my skin feeling tight
my skin felt clean
this product left my skin feeling tight
my skin feels tight after using.
it was really more detoxifying than anything
this has like a lotion feel
i like a lighter moisturizer that keeps your face hydrated all day
it did feel weightless
does not maintain the look of well hydrated eye area
i did not feel moisturized at all
it makes you feel moisturized
it leaves my skin feeling refreshed and clean.
i didn't feel like it moisturized my skin
this is a nice lightweight moisturizer
it wasn't hydrating enough for me.
my skin still felt tight.
it felt so light but hydrated at first.
turned out it was hydrating
face does feel immediately supple
made my face feel itchy
this product moisturizes pretty well
although it did leave my skin feeling hydrated it took too long for the stickiness to go away
and my face is still tingly.
makes your skin feel plump
it made me look sweaty
i needed a moisturizer that wasnt so thick
it makes my skin feel sticky all day
i found that this gave a nice light hydration
that ends up being too emollient for me
i feel that the mattifying part of it made me produce more oils
it sits on the skin so nicely
helps keep me matte throughout the day
does not moisturize well
it is definitely mattifying
in the summer time i get pretty oily skin
it does have a matte finish
it did moisturize well
it days that it will leave skin feeling supple
makes my skin feel slick.
this cleanser made my skin feel so tight
this moisturizer feels so thick
it does keep the skin moisturized
it also didn't feel hydrating.
i felt super greasy
it made my skin feel moisturized
so naturally this serum appealed to me to clear up my congested pores
my smooth skin now has a bumpy texture all over
makes skin super smooth
while i have found to to be very hydrating
keeping my pores clean
it did a good job at keeping my skin moisturized
it feels super greasy
it just smells clean
was making my skin feel dirty because of the texture
feel like its imparting some moisture
it was slightly hydrating
my face was feeling quite oily
the cool feeling of this moisturizer
what i can't deal with is feeling more oily than moisturized
it did a good job of moisturizing around my eyes without being too heavy
the tube looks like a healthy size
it leaves your skin feeling soft and hydrated.
this one is more for leaving your skin hydrated
although my skin seems a bit more supple
it made my skin look firmer
after washing this mask off my face did not feel as hydrated as i wanted it to be
it just made my acne feel agitated
it doesn't feel hydrated or help any of the sensitivity or acne
the hyper pigmentation has lighten a bit
that maybe applying a little straight aloe would help calm it down
feel of the mask on my skin
it is not hydrating at all
if the mask is supposed to make my skin feel moisturized
i love the sleep tight
it goes on very smooth and thick.
all about the supple appearance.
leaves skin feeling fresh
the product was very hydrating at first
tried it since my skin has been super dehydrated
can leave it feeling slightly moisturizer
it also doesn't feel hydrating
once you remove the mask your face feels especially moisturized
i felt the oils left on the skin
left my skin very greasy
once you removed the mask it leaves a hydrating feeling to your skin
your skin will feel moisturized and great!
when i wake up my skin looks dehydrated.
i don't feel comfortable using glass bottles in a shower
overall an okay cleanser
yet cleanses very well-natural ingredients
i needed something more hydrating for my cheeks
my skin felt smooth
the texture for this product felt more like a gel
my skin felt tight.
smooth on my skin
the light weight feel
it is really thick
great around eyes with concealer for smooth coverage
the cleanser is very thick
i feel like this made my skin more oily
the finish was too matte for my skin
makes my skin feel a little oily
all i can say is it did moisturized the area
the only thing i noticed was a more moisturized under-eye
it only kept my under eyes moisturized.
didn't seem very hydrating
on my eyes is only hydrating
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
this moisturizer is very thick
i felt very oily using this.
i initially liked the moisturized feel this gave my skin
my face felt moisturized
it also does not feel very moisturizing
it also provides a nice hydrated glow even with powder on top of it
it comes with a spatula for hygiene which is very nice
your skin needs to be hydrated
kinda like really thick sunblock that makes your brown skin look grey
however for the days i used this i felt like it was a layer on top of my skin that was not breathable
my face felt natural
this makeup remover works pretty well
i did like the way it moisturized my eyes though.
leaves my feeling hydrated even after using a cleanser
my skin feels so clean
it looks like your face is clean
doesn't your face feel hydrated just from air drying with water?
this feels super oily
leaves the skin smooth
it made my pores look okay
the finish is sticky to the touch which makes it a good primer
feel of a heavy night cream
this felt greasy after application
it felt very hydrating on my skin
that it made my skin feel a bit slippery
it absorbs quickly, and is somewhat hydrating.
it's just too gentle of an exfoliation for me
my skin does not feel clean after using this "cleanser"
although it felt very hydrating it was much to thick
it made my skin look healthy and supple.
not at all hydrated
it has a matte dry feel to it which is kind of weird since it is a moisturizer
hard to smooth into the skin
hard to massage into your skin
the moisturizer is very thick and went on smooth.
it felt very mattifying
still needs good thorough cleansing
it got my skin very clean
it all lathered nicely and my skin felt clean.
made my skin feel so clean
it does leave skin moisturized
cleans your skin well
hydrated like it's supposed to
this 2-step process leaves your skin supple without over-drying
my skin is so hydrated and feels amazing
to be honest i love the cleansing oil
once i apply the cleansing oil it feels hydrated
so this definitely hydrates it
i felt beyond dehydrated
i love the feel of the cleanser
overall it made my skin feel smooth
i didn't find that it hydrated very well either
the face wash does have a milky feel
my skin is pretty oily
while the formula is very hydrating
it is alright as a moisturizer
didn't leave my skin feeling hydrated at all
i loved the feeling of the moisturizer itself
felt nice and hydrating when i put it on.
it doesnt feel or work like a moisturizer
i looked super greasy
mind your skin tone
under eyes look so moisturized and dewy looking.
it is not hydrating like the claims say
the eye area is moisturized.
it layers very nicely under concealer.
it is definitely smoothing!
need something more hydrating for under the eyes
i didn't really feel hydrated though.
it made my under-eyes feel more moisturized than if i hadn’t used a product at all
it isn't physically possible for dimethicone to penetrate the skin
the pros about this eye cream is that it definitely provides moisture
the formula felt greasy
my eye area didn't feel as hydrated as i like.
it is a very hydrating cream
it's a decent eye cream as far as hydrating goes
it hydrates well and goes on smooth.
it does provide a smooth feel.
it did feel smooth on the skin
there was definitely less smudging
also not hydrate enough
broke me out and not hydrating at all.
my skin needs moisture always
definitely hydrates my skin
it moisturized my skin super well cause i wore it in winter
my skin definitely was moisturized
it's okay it moisturized my face
made it feel super tight
my skin never feels clean or exfoliated after i've used it
makes my skin feel smooth
my skin was smooth
my skin has looked incredibly refreshed
although it didn't calm the redness down it did moisturize my skin so well
its definitely hydrating and smells amazing.
it dries very matte so you dont feel like youre getting hydrating effects although your skin is very smooth to the touch
i actually just had a very enjoyable relaxing long rested weekend
my skin just looked starved of hydration
make my skin feel soothed
does not moisturize as well as promised
it feels gel like
my skin still felt tight
love how hydrating yet light weight it is
don't really see how it moisturized my skin when it peeled
did it smooth out my skin?
would be ideal for an oily person with medium-toned skin
it made my usual hydrating makeup look extremely cakey
this eye cream is very light and gel like.
i really like the light gel consistency of this eye cream
a gentle scrub that leaves my face feeling super clean
personally i feel my skin looks better in the morning with the de pink serum
smoother with the exfoliating bar so there is no need for me to spend $80 for this product
hydrates my skin leaving it smoother than a baby's
never felt naturally hydrated
it's not hydrating at all and i have normal skin.
it dries down to nothing so not very hydrating imo
while i will say it gave me a somewhat dewy look it was not hydrating at all
i didnt feel hydrated at all
my face felt slick
it helped hydrate a bit
my skin stayed very greasy
can keep my skin smooth
my skin was so greasy
can significantly see that my skin is well hydrated
i love how moisturized my skin feels.
it is very hydrating
my skin wasn't especially hydrated or brightened
this made my face feel super greasy.
cons-not hydrating enough for dry skin.
the cream felt lightweight
it's not quite moisturizing enough for my super dry spots
i like the smell and the feel of this cleanser.
i feel my skin is well cleaned
make my skin oilier
my skin feels super clean after i use it
it made my skin feel like its stinging!
this cleanser works well enough
i would not characterize it as hydrating
it really cleaned my skin
this definitely stripped my skin of any moisture
i definitely prefer the gentle wash.
it left my skin feeling hydrated and smooth.
well this product did work for the puffiness under my eye
makes your skin feel supple and comfortable.
this is an alright moisturizer
it definitely provides moisture
the gel-like texture actually made my skin feel more dry
keeps my skin clear
feels lightweight on the skin
in fact i feel like it tends to accentuate my dry skin
this is a fine eye gel for hydrating your eyes.
also prefer something more hydrating
my face gets very thirsty
it's not as hydrating as i expected
keeps me super hydrated
it is pretty hydrating
the positives are that it smells clean
this product was very hydrating
the cream is smooth
leaves the skin feeling clean
it seems as it leaves my skin clean
left my skin comfortable after cleansing
it does not make my skin feel hydrated at all
it felt like it was hydrating my skin without making it oily
i still need to hydrate
you do get a slight tingly feeling when applying
my fave felt dehydrated
i think this would be a good lightweight moisturizer for someone with normal to combo skin
it didn't keep my face moisturized
it doesn't keep my skin as moisturized i would prefer
also dries out if it's not moisturized well
this hydrator does a good job of keeping the oiliness at bay
i would prefer that it kept my skin hydrated throughout the day
has a gel like / oil feeling as well
it helps me stay matte
stating that it was good for oily skin
it moisturized my undereyes very well
creamy lotion that seemed to hydrate pretty well
i found that it made my skin feel greasy
it does prep the skin for moisturizer very well
something about it makes me nauseous.
lightweight that it almost felt like a lotion rather than an eye cream
it never felt like my lips were hydrated either when i'd use it
it doesn't moisturized my skin at all
it is very watery and absorbs on the skin fast.
still have to moisturize after otherwise my skin feels a little tight
i think this product is better suited for oily skin
it has a sticky feel
it's not hydrating as it says to be.
my skin seems to be smoother
i really thought it instantly made my skin moisturized
not hydrating, which was a problem for me.
wants a lightweight moisturizer that wears well under makeup
i think it may work better for very oily / oily skin
i still like to have some hydration
my skin feels very stripped
i would definitely keep looking if you are in the market for a great brightening/ exfoliating mask
this made my skin feel sticky
my skin did not feel hydrated at all
didn't leave my skin feeling hydrated whatsoever
i feel like it actually hydrates my skin
it left my skin feeling refreshed
it did feel refreshed
it was very relaxing
the mask is very rubbery feeling
my face felt very hydrates afterwards.
my face felt hydrated
it left my skin feeling tight
as far as hydration goes i felt it could have been more hydrating
keep it healthy on the oily ones
didn't feel like this moisturized my skin
this was not very hydrating for me at all
feels weightless on skin
it's a nice lightweight moisturizer
it moisturizes my skin pretty well
hydrates the dry areas of my cheeks incredibly well
made my skin feel very greasy
making my skin feel super clean
my skin feels tight
soothing without being too greasy
it does make your skin feel super smooth
it really does clean and unclogged my pores.
didn't feel like it was doing much in terms of moisturizing my under eye
it is somewhat hydrating
the my skin smoother
it left skin feeling clean
this made my skin super uber dry
my skin is clean
it gets your skin really clean.
my skin felt so clean
it lathers up nicely
my skin is left feeling tight
i also felt this cleanser made my skin feel very tight
liked the tingling feel when applying the mask
it actually made me nauseous.
works okay for my morning rinse
it really does clean my face throughly
doesn't make my face feel exceptionally clean
the ball surface is so smooth
the ball is super bouncy and just looks cool.
it feels really oily
hydrated in the mornings
i didn't wake up more hydrated or radiant
it did not hydrate my skin at all
this is a nice hydrating mask.
my skin didnt feel any softer or moisturized the next morning after washing it off
i am pretty sure it was glycolic acid that did me in
my face still feels raw
it just doesn't give me a hydrated feeling
it has a strong laundry soap odor that smells very clean
leaves it feeling tight
my skin felt pretty hydrated
this definetely moisturizes my skin as well as helps shrink pores
was super excited to try it because hydrating masks are my all time favorite
in hopes that the skin on my lips is just incredibly thick
in the morning my lips are no more hydrated than before
it hydrated my skin beautifully
also kept me hydrated
am loving the way my skin looks
it left my skin feeling hydrated for a good few hours
this keeps my skin moisturized all day
i felt like it wasn't hydrating enough
this made my skin feel very smooth
it stopped hydrating my skin well
you think your skin will be nicely hydrated
my skin is already pretty moisturized
because this moisturized my face so well
it leaves my skin smooth
my skin felt hydrated all day without feeling greasy
my skin was already fairly glowy from vacation tan
in 7 days i did notice that my skin was more hydrated
the serum really soaked into the skin quit nicely
it made my skin smoother
i noticed my skin was more supple
i by the morning my skin was supple
i feel that it made my skin feel more dry
silicone-like ingredients that make it feel greasy
feel good in combination with a moisturizing eye cream because absorbs quickly without drying
i feel it is hydrating
the texture is very gel like until it warms on your skin
leaves your skin feeling
immediately after you will notice a very strong scent to the lotion
its a very hydrating mask
it's hydrating but clogs the pores under my eye.
texture of the gel feels nice though
fresher skin when i use this at night
my face also didn't feel moisturized after using it at all
it wasn't hydrating at all.
this eye gel is definitely hydrating
found that i needed to use quite a bit in the am to feel moisturized
i didn't think it moisturized my skin.
leaves my skin feeling clean
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling fresh right after i use it
it is better suited for someone with oily skin.
this cleanser is very thick
it leaves my skin feeling clean
i only feel 'squeeky clean/ when combined with an exfoliation
t does an okay job hydrating my skin
noticed since the change my skin does not feel as moisturized
it did preform decently on my combination skin to hydrate without feeling too thick or greasy
it does a decent job to moisturize if you have normal/oily skin
basically if it is moisturized well enough
it stays pretty matte
if it is not moisturized enough
it does not moisturize well
i am very oily in my tzone
it was really thick
i didn't find this moisturized
my skin needs a delicate balance of moisture
a good one i found is the belief oil control fresh moisturizer
the consistency is quite thick.
is the perfect amount of hydration
my skin is still dehydrated
it didn't quite hydrate my skin
it felt like it absorbed nicely
if you feel your skin it feels waxy
waxy it is almost like it leaves a film on the skin it never really sinks in it is hydrating though while it is on
still feel the grease on my skin
making me feel a bit nauseous
it barely makes my dry skin feel moisturized
it made me feel nauseous
it does moisturize well, however.
mix with almond oil to keep my skin hydrated
however, it is barely hydrating at all.
my skin feels smoother but not so hydrating.
made my skin smoother
i don't feel like this exfoliated my skin at all
i think it gets me puffiness
yea it moisturized my undereye some
hydrating the area underneath my eyes
i do feeling a cooling sensation
it's great for hydrating, but that's about it.
it leaves a very fresh touch
calm effect which i'm sure is from the cucumber ingredient found in the product
cool on my skin
just an ok eye gel
it hydrates just fine
when i clean it off my skin feels dry and cakey.
it made my skin smooth
it kept my skin hydrated but that was all.
my skin felt more youthful with clinique
i like to feel clean
i like to feel clean afterwards
even though my skin feels hydrated it doesn't take the makeup off
my face didn't feel moisturized at all
my face felt greasy
i can still feel the facial oil on my skin
i don't feel this formulation cleanses as well.
the product feels greasy
left the skin perfectly clean
now it feels slick on my skin
safe for my acne prone skin
definitely cleaned my skin
very gentle acne gel
i found this to be a little to gentle for my acne
it's also very hydrating.
i personally look for an eye cream to help with hydration under the eyes
it definitely helps with the dryness
i need something that keeps my eyes moisturized all night
it does moisturize the area well.
the texture is very thick
eyelids a hot sensation from the inside that's not very comfortable
have tried a lot of different moisturizers that just didnt keep my skin hydrated throughout the day
really kept my skin hydrated
it made me oilier
the consistency of the moisturizer is really thin
the feel of the cream
it kept my skin moisturized
it gives me a pop of hydration
i feel like this is more for people with oily to normal skin
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling extremely dehydrated
wanted a gentle cleanser, this is not it.
left my skin feeling clean
this instantly made my skin feel super dry -- even rubber-like
the gel is very hard to get completely off your face when rinsing
my skin needs a very mild cleanser.
this is a good gentle cleanser for me
this cleaner makes my face clean
i really like the gel texture though.
it's a very natural product to improve the health of skin
this lightweight cream makes my skin feel
hydrates skin very well
my skin tends to feel greasy
it makes my skin feel smooth
i invested in this to see if it would help calm my redness
it felt very calming
it does calm my skin and reduce the redness.
i hate when a moisturizer makes my skin feel tight rather than dewy
isn't as hydrating as i would like it to be
once i tried it religiously for 2 weeks it was not very hydrating
it does moisturize pretty well
the hydrating part is not enough
the skin felt healthier
i suppose this is hydrating to the skin at night.
it does clean my skin pretty well
made my face feel clean
it got my skin clean
leave your skin skin feeling more refined
it feels smooth when i use it
when i wash my face, i want to feel refreshed.
it left my skin soft and clean but not refreshed.
was told this is better for combo oily skin type as the milk is more hydrating for drier skin types
my skin felt fairly smooth.
i like estee lauder's soft clean tender creme cleaner for dry skin better
i don't get the refreshed clean feeling
it will hydrate and make your skin look amazing.
because it made my skin so matte
it feels greasy on the skin
does leave my skin feeling hydrated
throughout the day my skin becomes very oily
definitely leaves my skin looking matte
the texture of this moisturizer is pretty thick coming out of the pot
by keeping my skin matte
it makes my foundation go on super smooth
it definitely provides a matte
it's nice for dehydrated skin
because it moisturized most of my face
more moisturized after the first use
i loved that my face felt super hydrated
smooth without feeling greasy
its a very nice feeling serum
it didn't feel like it was exfoliating at all.
it feels cool on skin contact
while it soothes my undereye it has not improved my dark circles
although the gel felt cool when i applied it
if feels pretty sticky
it is not hydrating at all
need that emollient type of product right away or feel i'll crack
this one made my skin feel greasy
this cream is very greasy
makes my skin very oily
the only coolness i feel is when the gel is still moist
did not leave me completely moisturized during the day
a tip: it feels especially cooling if you keep it in the fridge
thought that this moisturizer would be perfect to help with keeping it moisturized
supple after using it
there are way better hydrating products out there
found that a good moisturizer doesn't have to be thick to be hydrating
it is very moisturized overnight
the good: it moisturizes well
my skin felt tight
left me feeling moisturized
doesn't moisturize very good
i feel it's very thick
it absorbs well into dry skin making it look radiant
the moisturizer absorbed into my skin fairly well
my skin does feel clean
also makes your skin feel a little tight after cleansing
my skin was well hydrate
i like my face to feel clean after i wash
tired the calm cool
my skin felt tight all day.
my skin looks pretty healthy and hydrated.
wasn't hydrating enough for under eye lines
this eye cream goes on very smooth
definitely hydrates your under eyes
my eye brightener does not go on as smoothly as it does with a creamier product
it seems to be firming my skin.
this product is very hydrating to the under eye
it is a great light moisturizer for the skin around your eyes
my eyes feel tiight not moist after use.
this is an ok eye cream
my skin feels hydrated after washing off
it feels cool going on and kept my skin hydrated.
for this price i really think you would be better off getting some clear aloe vera
i love how smooth the cream is
while left with a greasy feel
the only thing it did is make my skin moisturized
i believe it was slightly hydrating
this cream does hydrate well
i make a conscious effort to keep it from the very edges of my eyes
it is very hydrating
the all over one did keep my skin very moisturized all day long
it did little to moisturize
however it does leave my skin hydrated.
then having to hydrate more
the texture is really fluid
this in no way moisturized my skin
are not healthy for the skin
there are way better eye contour creams out there
this is a thick cream that goes on very smooth.
my skin feels super tight
although my skin did feel squeeky clean
i did want something that was hydrating
my eye area is hydrated
it works pretty good at hydrating the skin
the word "lotion" makes it sound thicker than a clear liquid
the application was nice and it lathered well.
it foamed up really nicely
it does hydrate quite well tho
keeps the eye area hydrated
i think it is just for hydrating
i would say mostly for hydrating the under-eye
the gel cream goes on nicely
hydrating for dry skin around the eyes
didn't make his skin feel more moisturized
the cream did not have a thick consistency to keep his skin moisturized
it feels quite greasy on the skin.
your face is smooth
without actually hydrating it
this cream is decent for hydrating
i find that it takes 5-6 pumps before i feel like my skin is moisturized
although the matte finish may be nice for people with oily skin
as i applied my face felt very moisturized
it calms skin after it feels tight
yeah this moisturizer was good for my oily skin like it stayed matte for a long time
this mask is fairly hydrating
i feel like muy skin looked refreshed as the mask dried
i don't even feel it to be hydrating
rather than leaving my skin feeling very hydrated
i did feel refreshed
i give this 3/5 because it does hydrate slightly
i didn't feel that it hydrated my face
it was very hydrating
skin did not feel moisturized.
reminds me of a more mature clean smell
found it to not be hydrating at all
am loving how my skin looks
i don't find it hydrating enough
their c gel cleanser is very nice
i don't feel that it's hydrating at all.
it makes my skin feel very clean.
this cleanser completely stripped my skin of its oil without even giving me a very clean feeling
it is a foam but lathers pretty well.
made my skin feel clean
it made my skin feel tight
my skin felt greasy throughout the day
it was not hydrating at all.
it doesn't hydrate more deep cleanse the skin
this face wash seemed to dehydrate my skin even more
the cleanser felt nice on my skin.
it leaves your face feeling clean
made my skin look
i made sure my face was well moisturized as well.
the texture of this primer is so smooth
overall a pretty good pore filling/smoothing primer with a powder like finish
it makes the skin super smooth
keeps me matte half of the day.
my skin feels a bit taut after applying
it did not moisturize the skin as well as i expected
not a good choice for oily skin
has a soothing feeling on the skin
hydrating, but more on the oily side.
my skin felt tight
it makes my skin feel tight.
i can tell my complexion is healthier
it absorbs pretty well
my skin felt greasy
this is definitely mattifying
this is an okay cream
it makes your eyes water
this cream is so greasy
deeply hydrating night cream
my skin did not feel moisturized after.
very milky make up remover which feel very luxurious to rub on
after using it i don't feel refreshed at all
this moisturizer felt very greasy on my skin.
as this cream doesnt feel like it delivers
leave skin so smooth
it makes my eyes water
it also did hydrate my eyes well
seems to be very hydrating
appeared to be hydrating my under eye area
it left my face feeling hydrated
it was the first eye cream that really moisturized
kept the delicate under eye area hydrated
feels more hydrated than before i used this product
although i will say it is pretty hydrating
does not help my super oily skin stay matte at all
it was quite hydrating
nor did my skin feel moisturized
this lotion doesn't make my skin feel moisturized when i apply it
i like the feel on this moisturizer
this works well for hydrating my skin
has a cooling feeling on your skin
as a moisturized i like the lightness of this product
it is a nice lightweight moisturizer
it did hydrate my skin
it wasn't very moisturizing, obviously.
my skin was kept smooth
it feels like this product strips my skin
makes my skin a squeky clean feel
it does feel lightweight though.
the cream is very smoothing
my face felt greasy
moisturize which always helps my eyes look less tired or aged
i guess it moisturized
i only use this one is to create a smooth base since its hydrating without making your skin look greasy
really is when it comes to hydration
i found it hydrated the area well
i only gave it two stars because it is hydrating.
it feels nice because it seems to be pretty moisturizing
it's an ok eye cream because i still find it hydrating
i always have to go in with micellar water afterwards to finish getting makeup
i feel like my skin isn't left clean after washing it
the gel was okay
nice light low-lathering gel texture
i like a foam cleanser which after you’re done your face feels so clean
it really feels like you're washing with a moisturizer
i used this hoping that it would calm my redness
surprisingly the ren clear calm clay cleanser is actually more gentle on my skin than this one
it freshens up my skin without feeling overly astringent
the soin under my eyes looked refreshed
i feel like this product would have some cooling/soothing effects on puffy eyes
this cream didn't moisturized my under eye area at all
the clear gel formula glides on my skin
it makes my eyes water
my skin is dehydrated
my skin was not hydrated or glowy at all
it leaves the skin refreshed
that my pores would be visibly clean
leaves my skin feeling greasy
the next day my skin was very oily
this is not good for oily skin
left my face very well exfoliated
exfoliates too much on my skin
the exfoliation i got from this product was alright
i didn't feel like it exfoliated my skin that well
it didn't make my face feel clean or moisturized
the cleanser was pretty gentle
left my skin feeling smooth
although my skin felt smoother
my skin looks smooth
great feeling serum, makes skin feel smooth.
leaves my skin with a matte finish
it appeared to not moisturize my skin almost at all
my skin got calm
my skin got calm
it keep my eye area hydrated.
not even hydrate the skin under my eyes
i wanted something lightweight that would still moisturize my skin
it does a good job of keeping my skin moisturized
it also doesn't moisturize very well at all?
i really liked the lightweight feeling of the fresh umbrian clay lotion
that being said this moisturizer goes on fine
i do like the lightweight feel of it
i like how lightweight it feels
provides that clean feeling in your face
skin still feel not clean after washing.
i feel the cleanser is helping
i think the soap cleans my face better
i don't feel like this cleansed my skin very well
the cleanser never seemed to fully clean my skin
kind of like the clean feel of an astringent
make it feel like it was exfoliating a bit
my skin was still moisturized when i woke up
it was lightly hydrating
did not even feel very moisturizing
my face simultaneously feels super hydrated
making my face feel like it has been marinating in cold cream all night
this product makes my skin very oily!
wasn't even moisturizing enough to give me a soft result the next morning
left my skin feeling tight
your skin is actually incredibly clean after using this cleanser
your skin feels clean
it does leave your skin feeling clean
my skin feels fresh
the gel was a little too gentle for me.
conslotion like consistency that doesn't latherdoesn't feel like it cleanses thoroughly
i feel like the remnants of this cleanser would prevent the treatment cream from getting to my skin well
make the skin feel clean
does nothing to calm my redness on my skin
i give it 3 stars because it does hydrate
i love love love this moisturizer because it hydrates my skin perfectly
a bit of horomonal acne as well
this lotion is pretty thick
it also made my skin feel greasy.
as someone with dry skin i liked that this product was hydrating
very light-weight and smooth.
very hydrating but too heavy and greasy feeling.
t isn't rich enough to moisturize my very
very hydrating but a bit greasy.
make sure to moisturize after
it makes your skin smooth
the mask felt great while it was on-- hydrating.
my skin feels very refreshed after using the product
my skin seemed healthier
it made my eyes feel moisturized
this product is very hydrating
the skin around my eyes is moisturized
it is very hydrating
leaves your skin feeling moisturized
my skin also feels tight
left my skin feeling hydrated
it does moisturize nicely
my face felt smooth
makes my skin so supple without feeling oily
it moisturized fairly well
my skin felt super smooth after applying it.
texture of the cleanser just feels like cheap product
it is just not hydrating enough.
this product really helps with my puffiness around the eyes
at first when i put it on it felt tingly
i found this eye cream to be very greasy.
leaves your face feeling clean
said it worked really well with the clarisonic facial scrub
the only good thing about this facial wash is that it is very gentle
sick of the moisturizer being pumped
i do not feel it is hydrating when applied.
my skin is hydrated
it gets my face super clean
i feel like this is a gentle cleanser.
it foams up amazingly
this made my skin feel super greasy
the feel of this moisturizer instantly
made my skin very smooth
i love the way this moisturizer makes my skin feel
because i was having to apply 3x the usual amount in order for my skin to feel hydrated
very hydrating but i cant get past the smell.
it does moisturize really well
my face feels sweaty
it was not hydrating
doesn't feel hydrating at all
overall, just an ok moisturizer.
even though i'm oily i still feel like this does nothing to moisturise me
i didn't feel this was hydrating enough
my face feels greasy
this doesn't make my face feel hydrated at all.
not wow my skin feels so hydrated
i like how this moisturizes my face well-
it leaves skin moist and hydrated.
i feel that is has a great effect as far as moisturizing goes
it left my skin feeling smooth
while it moisturizes very nicely
this moisturizer was just okay
it left my skin super soft after however not really hydrated
the product did nothing on my skin but hydrating.
it feels so smooth and cream like.
is really soothing to the skin
the mask feels very refreshing
great post sun mask to calm skin
i really don't feel this product hydrates my skin
i did feel like it was a bit hydrating
my skin feels very smooth after
i also do not feel moisturized after using it.
this mask is okay and i can feel tingling.
it made my skin feel tight
it makes my skin feel fresh after i use it
while this cleanser does leave your skin feeling clean
pros: i like how my skin feel squeaky clean
am really shocked that this cleanser made my skin feel intensely dry
it's a shame because it is very hydrating
it left me so hydrated
it did not keep my skin hydrated throughout the day
after a couple days of using it i noticed that my skin didn't look or feel more hydrated
great hydration without oiliness
it made my skin feel sticky
it did not make my skin feel more supple
in fact even when using this product with a thick moisturizing cream my skin feels tight
it definitely leaves the smell of sunblock behind
this eye cream was okay.
this made my skin feel smooth
it still leaves my face feeling greasy
the formula now makes my face look very greasy/oily
too lightweight for my skin in the winter
my goal is finding something that moisturizes
helps keep the skin hydrated
needed something that hydrated
although it does a good job of keeping my face moisturized
my skin gets quite oily
the moisturizer is quite thick
it lathers so well
i don't think it rinses very well
this cleanser has a 'squeaky clean' feel to it
this cleanser feels like it thoroughly cleans my skin
it is very hydrating
my skin does feel smoother
it keeps my under eye area moisturized
the skin around my eyes barely felt hydrated so no improved elasticity or fine lines
not much hydration, almost too lightweight.
was not hydrating enough for me.
this one does nothing to my eyes beside hydrating
leaves skin feeling refreshed and smooth.
the consistency was pretty oily
i really like the lightweight texture
my face felt well moisturized
i eat, sleep, breathe and work sephora.
did not feel like it moisturized my skin very well either
it wasn't hydrating enough for me.
feels like between gel
it is gentle and very hydrating in my experience.
would feel self-concious to wear it during the day
my skin felt tight
leaves you with a fresh clean feeling
my skin did feel clean
leaves a nice clean feeling
it builds a good lather
my skin seemed oilier
it does leave my skin feeling clean
i need a good deep clean for my very acne prone skin
nice for those with very oily skin
because i ended up using more product to feel moisturized
doesn't make my skin feel very moisturized
loved it- it made my skin supple
actually made my skin very textured
it doesn't feel smooth or hydrating
i don't feel like it moisturized my face that well
my skin does better with gel
had to wear another moisturizer on top of this to calm my skin
this was also super greasy feeling.
my skin feels oddly dehydrated
my skin was overly dried despite meticulous moisturizing
my skin never felt fully moisturized
i am always on the hunt for a deeply hydrating moisturizer
even with oily skin i wasn't as hydrated as i wanted
after using for the first time my skin didn't feel moisturized
leaves the skin feeling very smooth
it is very hydrating
it seems to moisturize okay
it stays greasy for a while
i don't feel moisturized
this was an ok cream that absorbs well into the skin
it's very hydrating to my dry winter skin
too hydrating on my skin.
it has a very oily consistency
makes your face feel smooth
my skin did feel clean after washing
pros: it does clean your skin
left my face feeling very smooth
i like the way this cleansing oil feels.
it feels very cool
if you want a very light moisturizer
my face didn't really feel moisturized
anything that promises to deliver hydration
leaves the skin with a hydrated
this hydra-gel felt nice on my h
i think it makes for a soothing
i love the feel of this gel formula.
it is very light but seems hydrating.
this is a good oil free moisturizer for those of us with with oily skin
moisturizes w/out being too heavy
leaves my skin feeling smoother
t's products as they make my skin feel clean
i did like the tingly feel of it on my skin.
after using it for a month i only see that my face appears more supple
i don't feel it hydrates or helps with dark circles
i did not feel hydrated in the morning either.
my skin felt moisturized
my skin felt firmer
it did moisturize well for the texture
it works well with my skin in that it moisturizes
a little goes a long way to feel moisturized
my skin looks rested
my skin is smoother and more moisturized.
supple however the overwhelming smell is why i would not recommend
yes, face feels smooth but now i feel nauseous.
leaves my skin feeling moisturized without an oily appearance
it did leave my skin hydrated
i found it just moisturized pretty well.
it is a great moisturizer, but gets oily quickly.
to me it smells very sun-screeny but tolerable.
this will not properly moisturize your face
i does keep my eyes moisturized
it my skin feels super moisturized once i put it on
this product does make the eye area feel moist
really moisturizes my eyes
it does keep my under eye area hydrated which is a plus
it is somewhat hydrating
altough it seems to work very well to the puffiness
it goes on very nicely, and is well hydrating.
i felt clean afterwards
i felt like it was gentle on my skin
helps a bit with puffiness
i like that it feels cool on my skin
my eyes feel refreshed
this feels soothing on tired eyes.
it has a tingly feeling when you roll it under the eye
it made my skin super moist
my skin felt greasy
i naturally have really oily skin
this moisturizer is very thick
not has hydrating as i hoped.
in regards to hydrating skin, this does the job.
i like my skin to not only feel refreshed
it feels very hydrating
is overall an okay moisturizer
i do like it as a body lotion since it absorbs well
i am always trying to find very hydrating lotion for my skin
it does keep my skin moisturized
this product feels perfectly fine on the skin
i feel like it helped sooth any irritation
it does hydrate my skin
very hydrating and light weight feel on the skin.
it made my skin smooth
my skin did feel smooth
it has made my skin smooth
but overall, it was ok- moisturizer.
it felt super lightweight
it did keep my skin matte
it felt too mattifying
felt greasy on my skin.
it all made my skin very oily
hydrated lightly, but no mattifying seen.
this lotion is a great moisturizer however my face still gets very oily
felt sticky for quite after applying the moisturizer
how it made my face feel moisturized was awesome
it is very greasy feeling
my skin does feel hydrated after use
my face felt like an oil slick
hydrating without being greasy
this cleanser did not make my skin feel clean
i will just go back to using fab's ultra repair cream intense hydration
it really has no other features besides hydrating
it feels very hydrated and soft.
my skin is dehydrated
this moisturizer is way too watery for my liking.
my skin felt soft and hydrated.
i think the packaging is cool
while the rollerball does a nice job massaging the bags under my eyes
very cooling on the undereye
i guess the coolness of the rollerball mentally perks up drowsiness
the cool roller feels nice against the skin as the serum is being glided on
the rollerball does feel cool to the touch
made my skin feel very smooth.
sadly i didnt feel like my skin got more hydrated while using this product
find it not hydrating
i don't find it hydrating enough
this is a nice light moisturizer that absorbs well
while this did somewhat hydrate
it soothes because it is cool
all it does is hydrate.
wasn't hydrating enough for my eyes
this eye cream is very hydrating
i do notice more of a supple quality under my eyes
it did however make my under eye moisturized
this product does a good job of hydrating my eye area with no irritation
it has made the skin feel smoother
the hydration is better
though it moisturized my eye area just fine
it did keep my eye area hydrated
this cream is very thick
this product could be very hydrating
and it goes on very well with no oily feeling.
but this moisturizer amped up the oil.
it left my skin very greasy
it was very hydrating
overall if you want a lightweight moisturizer for nighttime this will work just fine
it was not hydrating at all
the night hydration is much more absorbant.
i don't even feel like it moisturized my face at all
since it says that it keeps your face matte
really warm when i rubbed it on my face
my skin feels clean
i make sure to exfoliate
i love the hot cloth cleanser by ren because it makes my face feel clean
it always feels like a light cleanse to me.
i gave it 2 stars because it does calm the redness of my skin tone
my skin is pretty dehydrated in the first place
my skin felt moisturized immediately after applying
it does provide good moisture without adding to my oiliness
hydrating, without being greasy at all.
it just made me very oily
skin was not hydrated after use
my skin was perfectly moisturized
not re-hydrate my skin at all
made my face feel smoother
keeping my combination skin hydrated
in fact my skin felt more textured after using it
was super excited about trying a charcoal mask for blackheads
our skin was dull
i just felt sweaty and greasy.
the texture of this is very thick.
it's got a very thick texture
leaves me feeling completely moisturized with a small amount
this moisturizer is pretty rich
very hydrating for my dry skin
it provides good hydration
ok it moisturises well-enough
the presence of sunscreen makes this feel really heavy
my skin still was not hydrated
i feel the product is too thick
it did do a good job at moisturizing my very dry skin
it moisturizes well enough
not as hydrating as i thought it would be.
my skin did not feel very moisturized after using it
this moisturizer was very harsh on my skin.
this cleanser is very gentle on the skin
leaves me face feeing clean
did what it said and moisturized.
help keep it hydrated
i do like the consistency as i thought it would be hydrating
it is really hydrating
it does make my skin feel really silky
this is an alright moisturizer
it is lightweight and hydrating.
this wasn't hydrating enough
does a good job at hydrating your eye area
i love how hydrating this is.
it wasn't hydrating enough.
suggested by the sephora make up lady to help keep my undereyes hydrated especially under concealer
did an ok job hydrating
hydrating but very irritating to my eyes.
while it did keep my skin moisturized
it does hydrate your face very well.
makes it look smooth
i didn't feel significantly more moisturized
leaves my skin still craving moisture
my under eyes feel hydrated the next morning
this has not moisturized the area like i had hoped
the cream is very thick
yes it moisturizes nicely
it just hydrated the area you do need very little since it is so thick
it definitely works and tightens skin amazingly!
still makes liquid foundation look thick
my skin looked smooth
i need a product that will smooth my skin
my skin did not feel moisturized in the morning.
leaves your skin moisturised
i loved the way the moisturizer felt on my skin
fast-absorbing cream that moisturizes without being greasy
it leaves my face feeling supple
my skin feels moisturized
this is a very lightweight moisturizer such that i don't feel as if it's providing me any hydrating
my skin felt tight
this is definitely a lightweight moisturizer
it made my skin feel greasy
i put in in on before bedtime my skin felt moist.
i didn't feel moisturized at all
i still want to find a nice lotion on my face that glides on nicely
added extra moister to my skin
i need at least two pumps to feel fully moisturized
it made my skin very greasy
when i wear foundation it makes my foundation super flaky
definitely get fatigued puffy eyes working those 12h shifts
makes my skin feel refreshed around the eyes
made my skin feel moisturized
gets very oily in the summer
i don't feel it truly keeps my skin moisturized
maybe it has hydrated my skin around my eyes
although this hydrates my eye area just fine
leaves my under eyes moisturized
when i raise my eye brows the skins still feels a little tight
not very hydrating and lines still show.
it felt very hydrating and i saw quick results.
makes my face feel clean
it will keep your skin moisturized throughout the day
didn't keep my eye area moisturized over night
it is very hydrating
keeps under eye area moisturized
it does moisturize my eye area, but this is it.
this fit into the majority of the group: it moisturized under my eyes well
did keep the skin around my eyes hydrated
this left me feeling very oily
the creme itself is pretty good: it really moisturizes
as soon as you put it on you can feel it immediately moisturizing your skin
it like over hydrated
hydrated without feeling oily -- touchable
the texture feels greasy on the skin
it is not oily and really is lightweight.
made my skin feel very smooth
at most my skin looks hydrated
my skin looked more nourished too.
while it makes my face feel smooth
this product felt very smooth on my skin
it gave my acne prone skin a very oily feeling.
it makes your skin feel smoother
cause my skin to feel greasy
goes on smooth dries nicely
overnight repair cream moisturized magnificently
there are much better hydrating moisturizers out there that improve the texture
the texture was very thick for a moisturizer
the smell of the sunscreen is just too strong for me to wear consistently
skin does feel smoother
you should definitely add another hydrating cream for the under eye area after using this
this eye cream definitely moisturizes your under eye
it was not as hydrating as it looked
it does an okay job at hydrating the eye area
although it moisturized by sometimes super dry lids
feel comfortable with my eye skin
it does hydrate well without being greasy.
this is really mattifying
it leaves my skin smooth
this product is really thick
makes the skin smoother
it does create a good lather for a cleansing oil.
left my skin very clean
if someone needs a very hydrating cleanser this is your guy
was very easy to rinse off my skin
leaves my skin feeling very greasy
it felt greasy to the touch
i really like the way it moisturizes my face
i really like how it moisturizes
feels on my skin
it made my skin moisturized
i miss their old product line which actually moisturized
it does not moisturize very well.
pretty thick moisturizer that goes on nicely
it reacts really weirdly with my skin.
this was not as hydrating as i'm use to
this is amazing leave my skin hydrated
leaves skin feeling greasy
really does moisturize well
it reminded me of a very cheap body lotion.
this cream is pretty thick
i do like how hydrating it is
this eye cream is okay.
this made my skin feel heavy
it feels like a quality cream
rose water spray could make it look hydrated
the feeling of the cream
make it look smooth
skin feels hydrated and firm.
it definitely had hydrating properties
the product does a good job of keeping the eye area hydrated
my eye area feels moisturized
did hydrate areas around my eyes
after two weeks i notice my eye area looks more hydrated
this exfoliator was too rough.
makes my skin feel very fresh and clean.
find that a good exfoliator really helps my skin look smooth
it makes my skin feel sticky.
i like the hydration it gives
this product makes your skin under your eyes feel hydrated as you apply it
provides sun protection which is very hard to find in eye creams for some reason
it did seem to moisturize well
it's tingly and leaves you feeling refreshed.
i feel that this eye cream is just a normal everyday hydrating eye cream
it only moisturized in the very immediate term
more about the sunscreen ingredients-- octinoxate isn't very stable on it's own
it does help keep my skin hydrated i have very dry skin
this cream is very greasy
for my eyes i need something thicker that stays moisturized throughout the day
it was hydrating and absorbed really well.
helps my concealer to go on very smooth.
one thing i've noticed is that it is very hydrating
looks perfectly fine with or without makeup
not what i would call a very hydrating cream.
this does seem to moisturize well
my skin was not hydrated enough
finishing it supple with moisture
my face is still moisturized in the morning
how smooth it made my skin feel
it did leave me feeling extra moisturized
it did very slightly lather
it did not feel warm.
makes my skin feel tight
the consistency is quite thick
my skin did feel clean
leaves my face feeling clean
this cleanser made my skin very clean.
the consistency is definitely better suited for normal to oily skin
my skin needs more hydration than that
it feels greasy on my face
i feel it provides enough moisture
definitely rich in moisture.
it seems to moisturize well enough
it makes me super oily
it left my skin feeling very greasy
my skin looked dehydrated
i didn't wake up very moisturized either.
i really like how this night sleeping mask calm my skin
for my super oily skin i still need to have a good moisturizer
the texture of this cream is very greasy.
it did leave it feeling moisturized
this cream made my skin feel very oily
got this because my foundation started to get really cakey
while it definitely moisturizes my skin
my skin did feel hydrated afterwards
this cleansing water really does work
i feel the need of rinsing my face after use.
feel like it is just a moisturizer that looks brightening
my under eyes are pretty puffy
too moisturized if i used more than a mini-dab
this product did keep my pores clean
my face does feel a tad more moisturizers
my skin texture became very rough.
this product claims that it cleans your face without making the skin feel tight
it cleanses my make up very well.
i don't enjoy the 'squeaky' clean feeling it gives my dry/combo skin
my skin feels super tight
it is very drying and makes my skin peel also.
i wanted something gentle which would help with acne
this lotion feels like it has a lot of oils added which made my skin feel greasy throughout the day
it does moisturize your skin well
made my skin feel hydrated and glowing.
the texture gave me silicon feel
it does keep my sking hydrated in winter season.
was advised to try this one for a more hydrating experience
it felt very oily
it felt very hydrating
makes my skin feel moisturized
some days it leaves my skin feeling perfectly clean
gets my makeup off decently
it left my skin feeling tight
just perfect balanced clean skin
it's very hydrating for my dry skin
i slathered on a very generous amount of this stuff on my nose
leaves your face feeling unnaturally tight
left my skin feeling tight
my skin feels refreshed after use
it does give your face that refreshed feeling
absorbs pretty well and hydrates the skin.
flaky eyelids is not exactly a comfortable feeling
the only difference in my eyes is the hydration
searching for a good eye cream for keeping my under hydrating especially under makeup
its not very tingly which i was hoping for.
leaves my skin feeling clean
during the summer my skin gets very oily
i feel like it dries my skin
it made my skin feel clean
it definitely hydrated my face
this made my skin super greasy.
my skin feels like it still needs moisture after the 10min treatment
it is supposed to hydrate my skin
people who needs to hydrate skin
when i wash this off my skin feels a little more hydrated
it is very hydrating
this mask felt hydrating while on
this only feels like it is hydrating when it is on your skin
left my skin hydrated
makes my skin very oily!
my face felt very oily
it's kind of hydrating though?
i feel i need to add my moisturizer on top of it in order to feel hydrated
it left my skin feeling a bit greasy
it made my skin feel tingly in an uncomfortable way
i never felt moisturized enough after use
especially in the winter months it is not hydrating enough
it feels just a little bit hydrated which i like
keeps my face very cool feeling
it really leaves my skin moisturized without leaving my skin feel oily
i didn't see my eye area feel any more plump or hydrated
it is good at keeping my eyes moisturized during the night
i feel hydrated in that area without a teariing
it feels that my skin so smooth which is not the normal smooth
which can make skin feels smoother
making my face feel slick
it keeps the skin hydrated
it definitely absorbs best if you use a hydrating water before applying
this product does hydrate well
leaves a sticky feel all day
not really moisturized at all
it helps keep my skin hydrated during the day when it's super dry
i personally think the turnaround night cream works better at healing dry skin
needed something intense that would keep my skin hydrated
i cleanse my face very good with the same products
my skin felt well moisturized
makes you look super oily
the cream version is very thick
is comfortable on my skin
i did not feel hydrated, lifted and replenished.
mentally i think it is
though this serum feels good to put on since it's lightweight
my skin did feel clean after
the gel charcoal moisturizer from boscia is pretty good
it's a nice cleanser that gets warm as you use it
while it did have a nice warm feeling
my skin felt dull after cleansing
doesn't feel super refreshed
felt like my skin was getting very hydrated
didn't feel hydrated enough
because this moisturizer is so lightweight yet intensive on the hydration front
it also goes on very smooth to prep for under eye concealer
it did moisturize well though
d*** if it doesn't make my skin feel hydrated all day without feeling greasy
leaves my skins incredibly oily
she recommended it because it was great for oily/combo skin
this product seemed perfect for my mature skin with an oily tzone
this moisturizer felt so good on my skin
my skin felt very pampered when applied
it does moisturize well
if it maintained my oiliness better
it does feel hydrating
hydrated in the morning though
my skin was smooth every morning
aside from well hydrated skin
super hydrate in the morning
it is very hydrating
leaves your skin smooth
i really wanted to love this cleansing balm as my skin has been dehydrated lately
does not rinse clean
it felt to0 rich on my skin
this cleanser is really thick
it makes my skin feel super greasy
this product made my skin feel greasy
it also feels overly oily on my super dry skin
how hydrated it feels
this product doesn't make me feel hydrated at all
for normal / combo skin i need to almost put on two layers to get that moisturized feel
the texture when applying is very watery yet it makes your face look very oily
hydrated it didn't make it look any brighter or lighten pigmentation
i don't feel like it makes my skin feel as smooth or silky as my algenist cream
its quiete hydrating as well as its not to thick nor is it to greasy feeling
although the balm was cool
just moistness which was good
it made my skin feel sticky
makes my skin feel smooth
it also makes your foundation look really cakey
it feels cool on the face
my skin is super dehydrated right now
i don't mind the feeling it leaves on the skin--it feels that part absorbs
makes my eyes feel cool
it didn't really moisturize my skin
i love the cooling feeling
just feels cool to touch.
makes your eyes water
this really does soothe
i'd still keep one around for when your cheeks are sunburned or you feel tired
if feels very oily
my skin was smoother
there is a %22cooling%22 feeling
it feels very soothing
feeling like my skin was very oily all of a sudden
regardless, i like how creamy my skin feels now.
the lotion is still obviously present on my skin--my face feels sticky
it is oil free, but made my skin very oily.
this lotion has a very greasy feel
it leaves a greasy feel
my skin still feels greasy
after about a week i realized my skin didn't feel hydrated enough
which i find just as hydrating
it does not feel more hydrated
it is pretty hydrating
it makes your face feel smooth
it was tingly as people have stated.
have a pretty okay diet
it did leave my skin feeling clean
when you cleanse with warm water
i feel like it gives an extremely gentle cleanse if even
it gets my skin clean
my skin feels clean after i use it
it makes my skin feel well moisturized for a couple hours after i put it on
seems to be keeping my skin hydrated
it gives your skin a matte look
my skin was so dehydrated after
felt very comfortable on my skin
it isn't hydrating at all even for my majorly oily skin
this product makes my face super greasy
i do feel like it helped moisturize my skin
this moisturizer was very oily
it feels like it does moisturize
it absorbed very nicely
keeps it moisturized all day
it was relaxing to wear
the gel texture is thick, and feels cooling.
the weight of the mask was soothing
my skin did seem hydrated.
i am diligent with my skin
my blackheads are still there as well
my skin doesn't feel hydrated
leaving a smooth greaseless finish
i felt that this lotion was too thick
it was an overall ok moisturizer in that it felt lightweight
this is great for oily/combo skin that needs a heavier moisturizer
my skin felt nicely moisturized
my skin felt smoother
super lightweight doesnt feel overwhelming on your skin
it keeps my skin
my skin doesn't really feel hydrated after i use the whole bottle
it did not calm the redness in my skin
my arm skin still feel very very oily
the hair oil works pretty well in the hair
absorbed instantlyafter using not feel moisturized
i found that it worked beautifully to moisturize skin
it made my skin feel hot
this wasn't "deeply hydrating" like this mask claims
goes on like a really thin lotion with oatmeal
it does hydrate my skin
i did not find it soothing or hydrating.
but it has done nothing to moisturize my skin.
i do feel like it nourishes my skin
i think it's a little too good at moisturizing
it does a nice job brightening/hydrating
it does seem to moisturize well
the applicator feels nice
it just wasn't as hydrating as it has been
my skin felt tight after use.
it can be incredibly drying so be sure to moisturize
this mask does calm my acne a bit
very hydrating, and overall a great cream.
it makes my skin feel ultra-smooth
undereyes do feel moisturized though.
it does moisturizes your eyes
this cream is smooth
made my fine lines worse felt cakey price is good
i noticed i needed to use a lot of it to feel adequately moisturized
this lightweight moisturizer gets the job done
left my skin feeling tight
absorbs into the skin very nicely
my skin is decently hydrated for a few hours
it moisturized enough under my makeup
i do not feel it helped moisturize my skin at all
which creates my skin to feel a hot
it still feels greasy
i really liked the the moisturized.
i liked the way it made my skin feel supple
made my skin very greasy
greasy feeling for me
this moisturizer was too greasy for me.
bought this excited for a tingle sensation leaving my skin feeling exfoliated
my skin becomes smooth
leaves my skin smooth
left my face feeling clean, refreshed and smooth.
it hydrates just a bit
it has kept my eyes moisturised
the product is too liquidy
it is also not hydrating
it is a gel like formula that left my skin looking greasy
feel hydration is still important to try to keep a balance
this product did moisturize my skin enough
i felt like it made my skin feel oily.
overall more moisturized skin
leave my skin feeling very oily
it is a very light clean fragrance
this moisturizer is pretty heavy
it moisturizes my face thoroughly.
my face feel a tadbit oily on the feels
feels hydrating without feeling greasy
it did hydrate well
while it feels comforting just like most eye moisturizers do
my skin does feel smoother after use
like a very bad sunburn
took a while to restore my moisturized skin
the supercleanse will leave your skin smooth
ironic that the moisturizer is for dehydrated skin
feel lightweight on the skin
absorbs properly so that it looks good under my bb cream
i love this product: it has the perfect texture of really moisturizing my skin without being super greasy
it does a pretty good job at moisturizing
my skin felt congested.
it never seemed to hydrate my face
i felt gross instead of hydrated.
my skin felt moisturized
skin feels totally moisturized
i like that this keeps my skin hydrated
when i wear it my skin feels rough
my eyes are super smooth
well, it moisturizes... its ok.
it is pretty thick
leaves my face feeling sticky rather than hydrated
keep my skin calm
it would keep me moisturized
felt sticky had to apply 2xs for my skin to feel hydrated
now i feel it isn't hydrating enough
wish it hydrated a bit more
it works well on drier weeks because it moisturizes my oily skin without leaving it feeling greasy
the fact that it is good for combination/oily skin
it's hydrating enough for me
didn't even moisturize very well
my skin felt tight
this is an okay eye cream.
it definitely is hydrating
it does leave my undereye area moisturized
glides on easy and makes your skin smooth.
it really is very hydrating with a great texture
i found the eye cream to be really greasy
the consistency of this eye cream is pretty thick
i do see a smoother skin
the cool gel texture
as i prefer feeling way more moisturized
because it seemed to calm down the redness
my skin is hydrated when i use it
this moisturizer really is great for oily skin.
hydrating feeling of this product
my skin feels healthy
my skin does feel moisturized
my skin didn't feel moisturized
love keeping my skin hydrated!
leaves my skin smooth
the texture leaves a -very thin
this product seemed to smooth
i really enjoyed this cream at first: it's very hydrating
this cream is very greasy
it did keep my eyes moisturized over night
it did hydrate my eyes a little bit
definitely hydrating to my super dry under eyes
it does moisturize my under eyes very well
it moisturizes fine but that's it.
this is fairly rich and it's pretty moisturizing.
it was hydrating, but that was about it.
it does hydrate the eyes area
it blended in my skin really well
it is a nice crime that is very hydrating
it moisturized my eyes
this cream goes on smoothly and isn't greasy.
initially it went on nicely and hydrated well.
your under-eye area will be moisturized
for sure helps with any puffiness i have that morning
too oily and didn't really feel deeply hydrating.
i still use it to achieve a dewy look on the skin
it keeps my skin moisturized all day without changing the consistency of the foundation
it helps to give my skin a healthy glow.
this cream doesn't make the skin around my eyes feel very moisturized
moisturized my face more than it would have been
i like it fine for a decently priced night cream
clinique is my go to for healthy safe skin care.
it felt more like a regular moisturizer.
supple my face would feel in the morning after applying this the night before
hydrates my skin when i want to look flawless on the beach
it was too tingly for my sensitive irish skin
i loved this cream so much because it is hydrating
it also requires that i use so much of it to have a moisturized feeling
hydrating feel to my face
this moisturizer is alright
it was very oily for my skin
the lotion has a good smooth consistency
was absorb wonderfully by my skin
several minutes later i feel a tingly burning sensation aka my skin is too sensitive for whatever the active ingredient is in this
it was not hydrating enough for my skin
i find that it has helped keep my skin hydrated
it moisturized better than any moisturizer i've ever had
it only adds oily feel on my skin
still craving for a good moisturizer
it smells good and is light weight.
hydrated my skin under makeup
my face feels tight
how smooth it was
hydrated which i loved
hydrating enough for spring/summer
not overly hydrating but leaves skin quite soft.
which makes my skin feel uncomfortable
this gel works well enough: it's lightweight
my t zone was really hydrated which i was satisfied with
i think it is making my forehead look more supple
hydrated in the morning
the foam started to make my skin feel rough
it did not leave my skin moisturized
it makes my face feel clean
i didnt get a super clean feeling after washing my face :/
my skin feels tight
the foam cleanser is very soothing
just on the weekends in the am> its a decent lightweight cleanser that is hydrating
the sales rep told me this really moisturized
it is a gentle cleanser that makes your face feel clean
seems to keep my skin hydrated
neck feel greasy to the touch
hydrated my red sensitive skin
it keeps my skin moist all day
made my skin feel hydrated
it was not quite moisturizing enough for me
the moisturizer feels a bit greasy in my opinion as well
it comes off pretty thick feeling.
this is a cream consistency product that feels lightweight
this creme is good to give a bit of a refresh to your skin
the gelish texture of the moisturizer gives you the feeling of it being very rejuvenating
it kept my face hydrated
i love how lightweight this product feels.
this moisturizer feels very lightweight
it didn't keep my skin hydrated enough
it absolutely left my skin hydrated
it's a lightweight moisturizer that will probably work better for oily skin
you can feel the firming effect
iit seems to be hydrating
it does make my skin smoother
my skin felt so smooth
how smooth it made my skin feel
dehydrated skin" as well
the texture is very thick greasy feeling
my face felt super smooth after even a quick application
the light-weight feel of it
my skin felt calm
it was hydrating as well
it make my skin look very greasy
this moisturizer absorbs well and is lightweight.
this moisturizer lasts long and goes on smooth.
it feels nourishing without being sticky
it did hydrate my skin fairly well
it makes my skin smooth
my skin was smoother
i noticed that my skin was moisturized
indeed makes the skin feel firmer
my skin looked refreshed
my skin felt moisturized
my skin did feel hydrated for some time
it could also be from my skin not being moisturized enough with this
made me skin feel hydrated
this moisturizer is a good weight to wear at night in the colder months
exfoliation was really good though.
the skin did not feel well cleansed after
felt like i needed another cleanser to fully clean my face
so this exfoliator was too rough for me
i always felt the need to wash my face with a foaming cleanser first
didnt feel it really exfoliated my skin either.
i felt like this would be a great in addition to my acid toners to keep my skin clear
my skin feels smooth after i use it
leaves my skin feeling clean
your skin will feel clean
my skin looked smooth
first, you have to stay really hydrated.
it feels cool while applying
this was mildly hydrating
wanted to add this to my skin care routine to give my face a more hydrated look
feels like it cools your eyes down
my skin feels tight
leave it feeling hydrated
i don't feel it gives my skin the hydration it needs
did not moisturize my skin well.
it definitely leaves my skin feeling moisturized
my skin also looks smoother.
my skin definitely looks supple.
it doesn't smooth or calm my skin as well as other less pricey serums
my skin nevet felt moisturized and felt rough.
it is really great for skin exfoliation/renewal if you have sensitive skin
this product just make my skin smooth
i did not find this cream hydrating enough.
in the summer, it makes my skin really oily.
needed something that hydrated me
i don't feel the hydrated
my skin feels too slippery after
this serum stings the skin around my eyes pretty badly
keeping the eye area well hydrated
i gave it 2 stars because it is hydrating
this product soothes my eyes
texture feels just like pure silicone.
one star for it's very hydrating
i felt i needed to use a lot of product for it to feel like it was actually moisturizing
this cream is quite hydrating
my skin felt very clean after using
this is not the perfectly clean cream cleanser i have loved
my skin feels moisturized
my skin was still greasy afterwards
one concern is that this product is so hydrating
leave a refreshing feeling on the skin
but after using it my skin feels tight and filmy.
texture is nice and it removed makeup ok.
i like a very clean feeling after cleansing
i see this more of a gentle-cleansing water
i liked it because it was hydrating
this mask is not moisturized at all.
while it is a nice moisturizer it makes my face extremely greasy within hours
downside to feeling so "hydrated" is the product never actually sinks into the skin
it is a very smooth moisturizer
the lotion gives a bit of a greasy feeling
mixed with a more hydrating cream it does just okay
this product made my skin feel draggy
left skin very greasy
the formula itself is thin and not that supple.
it feels light on the skin
this moisturizer was way too watery
it defiantly helped my skin stay moisturized the whole day
it left my skin feeling hydrated
would keep me matte
reassured me it'd be great with my oily skin
it's a lightweight very comfortable moisturizer
it feels so greasy
it really is as strong as dousing yourself with perfume
it really doesn't feel very moisturizing either.
i got this moisturizer to use during the summer because i needed something lightweight
it definitely moisturized my skin a lot better
it left my skin moisturized
this definitely cleanses it
my skin feels tight
i feel like it leaves the skin very sticky
yet it hydrated soo much my skin was glowing- this is mainly because of the glycerin
very fine exfoliating things in it
it did make my skin feel clean
wanted something more hydrating
i don't feel it hydrated my skin
i wanted something to take off my waterproof makeup as well as clean my skin well
this cleanser is very thick
this is definitely a gentle cleanser.
overall i like a serum to soak into my skin not feel like its laying on my skin
for me this product would definitely need an eye cream over it to adequate hydrate the eye tissue
maybe if your eyes were already super hydrated
my eyeshadow was very hard to blend
it doesn't moisturize as well as visionnaire
makes your skin super smooth
it did, however, keep my face hydrated
however, it was not hydrating enough.
my skin feels clean yet not tight.
my skin felt hydrated
my skin feels hydrated
while it had a good lather
this cleansing cream seemed to be ok.
this mask helped to calm my skin
it felt very soothing
it calms the skin
if you want a hydrating
the cool water rinse to me is not comforting
my skin didn't feel moisturized or softer at all
leaves my skin feeling tight
this did feel cooling on the skin
'm not waiting forever to moisturized
my pillow is looking pretty plump
this didn't really do a good job of keeping my skin moisturized
it's thick, but not too thick, very moisturizing.
i think this probably is best for people with oily to normal skin because it is lightly hydrating
it is just a very gentle light moisturizer before applying heavier cream
i still feel my skin needs more hydration tho
i also don't think it moisturizes that well
my skin feels clean when i use this
i love the purifying cleanser because it makes my skin feel very soft
its leaves my skin feeling smooth
i love the texture (very smooth and thin).
my skin felt well-moisturized
so disappointing as it moisturized so well!
it does its job to keep your skin pretty moisturized in my opinion
although it's light-weight my skin feels slightly dehydrated
it is lightweight and moisturizes nicely.
leaves a bit of a greasy feeling behind
my face feels smooth
my face feels hydrated
it seriously feels like a blend of menthol without the heavy oily feel
although it seems hydrating
it makes my eyes feel sticky
make it all supple
doesn't leave my skin feeling moisturized
it was very hydrating
my face feel a little tingling
it is hydrating but that's about it.
this cream is good for hydrating
this is not hydrating for my eye area
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling tight
it is like a thick oil/gel combo that is very smooth to apply
this cleanser definitely made my face cleaner
i loved how this product washed away make up so marvelously
even passes the clean toner cotton test leaving my skin hydrated
intense moisture for supple skin
really loved the gel to oil texture
i put its deeply hydrating claim to the test
my skin is smooth
it feels very hydrating
keeps your fave hydrated and smells great.
my skin wasn't as hydrated as it is with my normal products
not only is my skin not hydrated
it did moisturize my skin well
this cream is quite hydrating
this moisturizer has a very strong scent
it provides good hydration
this is a nice, hydrating eye cream.
the skin under my eyes now feels thinner
not one is because it is very hydrating
there are certainly other hydrating eye creams for a lot less money
i don't think it's overly hydrating
leaves my skin feeling tight
makes my skin look and feel very smooth.
did not really moisturize.
the cream moisturizes me very well
it makes skin feel smooth
the cream hydrates very well
it made my skin supple
my skin felt very clean after applying it.
the mask felt cool on my face.
skin does feel smoother after washing the mask off
my skin felt tight
left my skin feeling clean
i get a better clean with scrubs.
it makes your skin feel clean
the little bit of exfoliation feels great.
it makes my skin feel very clean
it does hydrate my face for the most part
my face isn't more moisturized in the morning.
-feeling luxurious-feels hydrating-thick
the texture is very smooth
not even more hydrated
this eye cream is very hydrating
this was fine, hydrating, all nice.
wanted totry something extra hydrating
and i love a good deep hydration.
it is so hydrating
make my skin feel bumpy
this moisturizer was way too thin
does moisturize and absorbs well.
this left my super dry skin feeling greasy instead of moisturized
this moisturizer goes on very smooth
it hydrated all the areas of my face well other than my nose
am always up for a new way to hydrate
wanted to love it because i feel it hydrating
the rest of my skin looked a little more hydrated
it left my skin looking hydrated
my skin wasn't any softer or hydrated after using
i also like that it keeps my very dry skin super moisturized
it definitely does moisturize.
it does not moisturize as well.
feels refreshing when washing your face
make your face feel fresh
it truly gets every bit of makeup off while being gentle on the skin
leaves skin feeling healthy
i felt it didnt smooth over my pores or fine lines
it looked amazing at smoothing the skin
it did smooth the pores on my nose quite well
felt no difference using this- it still made my concealer crease
leaves skin feeling really smooth
i don't think my skin is hydrated
your skin looking smoother
no makes your skin very oily
it did do a good job at hydrating my face
more to fully moisturize my skin
my skin felt well hydrated
it has a very gel-like consistency
my face felt cleaner
makes my face look super greasy
this definitely keeps my skin hydrated cons: can leave my skin looking oily
it also makes my makeup feel cakey.
despite the greasy feel
it left my skin feeling tight
it was fine i guess for a lightweight moisturizer
tingly feeling my skin has after using it
this cleanser is very thick
it did not thoroughly cleanse my skin
this mask was a little bit hydrating
that helps my skin
it leaves a fresh feeling to the skin after using
the gel feels amazing on my very dry skin
on the plus is the feel of the cleanser
afterwards my skin felt clean
my face felt very clean
pretty scent on my skin
this cleanser does clean your skin well
i did not feel very hydrated.
this is perfectly lightweight
it is really really comfortable to wear for super dry skin
i want my skin to feel smooth after applying foundation
it goes on smoothly on my skin that i prep with a moisturizer
after use it i can feel powder on my skin
this is a gel that tingles when it goes on
as it makes my skin feel super tight
felt nicely tingly when i first applied it
my skin felt tight
not suited for more mature skin which needs a little plumping from hydration
this eye cream definitely helps with puffiness
noticed that the cream makes my skin feel thinner
this eye cream is okay.
it made my skin smooth
i can say this moisturized my eyes
this eye cream is very cooling
very hydrating and smells so nice.
did feel very hydrating
it did keep my skin moisturized after my shower
it did keep that area hydrated without feeling too greasy
has left my skin feeling smooth
i'll give it 2 stars because the moisturizing strip did feel nice
the moist patch felt nice
didn't really hydrate though thick.
the night cream was super nourishing
while it initially made my eyes feel moisturized
seemed to smooth fine lines
it feels like a very watery oil
this product only gave me the benefit of hydrating around the eyes
it helps to hydrate under eye
it hydrated my undereye area a tiny bit
but i felt very drowsy with it.
i feel like it does moisturize my under eyes
everything seems to point to a hydrating
this cleanser really dries out my combination skin tone
i moisturize well both am
the cleanser was very foamy
it makes your skin so plump hydrated and smooth.
the second issue is that because it is so hydrating
it is a great lightweight moisturizer for oily skin
my skin is currently dehydrated
made my skin feel hot
my face has felt very nourished
although it leaves the texture of my skin supple
very calming---melts into my skin
it does calm the skin
it does make your skin smoother
it made my skin smooth
the consistency is a nice smoothy thick cream which absorbs quickly
it does seem hydrating
it made my skin so smooth
leaves my skin smooth
makes skin look smoother without irritating skin
it really smoothed my skin out
it left my skin feeling very sticky
makes you feel quenched
giving it a decent moisturize overnight
the hydrated i did break out in my chin
leaves my skin hydrated
making my skin more youthful
this product would "calm" my reddy skin tone
it hydrates well enough
this cleanser left my skin very greasy.
i feel greasy after cleansing
leaves my skin feeling greasy.
the whole gel to oil was fine
this cleanser left my face feeling hydrated
i regularly use algenist's gentle rejuvenating cleanser with more satisfying results
it has an oily feel to it
does not hydrate the eye area
the skin around my eyes still feel tight
it hydrates well enough
it does not calm or soothe my skin.
my skin felt pretty oily
skin makeup seemed to be
was very hard to rinse off
it felt super greasy and i love cleansing oils.
love the gel texture, clean power are mid.
leaves skin feeling moisturized
felt greasy on my skin.
left my skin feeling moisturized
very easy to rinse off
a sephora makeup consultant recommended this eye gel to keep the eye area hydrated
the eye gel dehydrated my under eye area tremendously
the cream doesn't feel at all hydrating
really hydrated when used with a moisturizer
my skin does feel smooth after use
my skin does feel smoother
absolutely no difference in skin moisture/hydration or appearance
it left my skin feeling tight
i do like to hydrate intensely after a good deep exfoliation
i found that this mask was slightly too hydrating?
because i feel it over hydrates the normal areas
it does leave my skin hydrated
my skin dont feel full hydrated after
it's supposed to be hydrating
it definitely cleans your skin
it does leave my skin feeling refreshed
not moisturized at all
my skin felt tight.
it wasn't super hydrating for me.
the gel texture dried in a way that made my skin feel tight
do not feel hydrated during
i think my nightly sheet-masks for 20 mins does a better job at hydrating
kept my face hydrated
it made my skin smooth.
normally without makeup my skin does a decent job of hydrating itself
hyaluronic acid works perfectly fine on me
so clean and fresh looking!
makes my skin look
makes my skin very smooth
my skin felt tight
my skin would feel clean without the need to rinse
then it feels very oily
my skin was moisturized in the morning
i felt like my face looked refreshed
hydrated in the morning
it was a passable moisturizer that has a cooling feeling
this is mainly because my skin is hydrated from washing it
sort of like your skin is breathing
it did make my skin feel clean
especially my cheeks to a rougher feel
leave my skin feeling
it feels refreshing on the skin
leave me skin feeling very clean
get a good lather out of this
it goes right into the skins be makes it hydrated all day or night
how it rinses off nicely
make sure my face felt fully clean
purchased this thinking i would love the gentle cleanser as well
it leaves my skin feeling healthy
i don't think this cleanser actually cleanses very well
hydration level is so so.
in my oily zones it moisturizes pretty well
it wasn't very hydrating
not greasy this was not silky or hydrating
while my skin does feel smoother
it leaves a greasy feeling
this product soothes my dry feeling skin after my i wash my face
this has really helped to keep my eye area hydrated
i did notice that the skin surrounding my eyes was hydrated
it does moisturize but not remarkably.
this is an ok eye cream
left my skin feeling tight
this product works and makes you skin feel clean.
i woke up with hydrated skin
feel hydrated this could be better for normal
it moisturized my skin in the most amazing way
i read that oils are very good at locking in all the skin loving nighttime treatments you use at night
it moisturized my skin nicely
more pleasant ways to exfoliate
make my skin feel very smooth in the morning
it lathers very well
made my already dehydrated skin feel very tight
this bar lathers really nicely
the cleanse was nice
the more i feel like it over exfoliates
my dermatologist said it was too abrasive for my skin
does not exfoliate very well
i really liked how it hydrated my skin
does feel nice and tingly when i use it however.
my skin reacts okay
this is a gentle cleanser that takes off most of my makeup
you feel very clean without the harsh exfoliating beads
my face felt greasy
i love how it feels so refreshing with a cooling sensation
the applicator feels cool at first
the little ironing tip has a nice cooling touch
it feels like it makes a difference on my puffiness
this is not nourishing feeling
felt so good as i massaged it on my skin
this cleanser is very greasy.
moisturized it makes my face feel
my skin feels super tight
face does feel fresh
it makes your skin very smooth
perhaps this is better for oilier complexions as i have combination skin
it just felt like i was putting a gel moisturizer on
a little tingly going on
i feel that this mask may moisturize my skin a little bit
although it does make my skin feel refreshed
has some cool ingredients
it’s good if you over exfoliate
i will say that it is very hydrating
feels cool on the skin
my skin felt smooth
with the mask placed on my skin, it felt tingly.
this mask makes my skin feel smooth
pretty good as an extra moisturizing step
it cleans my pores good, but it hurts my eyes.
it is not very smooth on my skin because of mud extracts
i think it exfoliates good though.
it cleanses my skin without making my face feel tight
this is a great cleaner if your face is extremely oily
it makes my skin smooth
it really does clean my pores well
cleans the surface of my skin very well
my face feels tight
it does moisturize and cool, but it kinda stings.
i think it just helps with the puffiness.
it exfoliated so nicely
my skin felt so clean
my skin now feels tight
was excited to try it as i have really oily acne prone skin
i need something more hydrating.
it is not hydrating what so ever
after using it makes my skin feel very warm
it wasn't as hydrating as i thought it would be.
my skin felt smooth
i didn't feel the need to moisturize afterwards
this is not hydrating at all i really don't underst
definitely not hydrating enough for the winter.
it moisturizes, but that's about it.
definitely rich in moisture
rested-ness promises that it claimed it would
hydrates the eye area nicely
makes the skin feel plump
made my face really supple
healthy-looking skin" i was like yaaaaas
i didn't find it very hydrating for my dry/combo skin
it does smooth over the skin nicely though.
it felt so greasy and slippery!
it does clean your skin
my skin feels fresh
i also found that it didn't moisturize sufficiently for my skin
it turned my fair skin quite tan within 30 seconds
my skin feels well-hydrated afterward
feels good on -- light moisture
it has that soap feel where your skin feels stripped
it makes my skin look
it did cleanse the face quite well
calm the skin prone to acne
this makes my skin
the gel was very soothing
i love that feeling of clean.
my skin is fine
i let the lotion soak in for quite a while beforeh
my skin is not well-moisturized
it does not leave my skin feeling hydrated or dewy like the old version
it does hydrate around my eyes
it definitely hydrates well.
rubbing it vigorously to warm it up
this is a perfectly fine moisturizer
it is not hydrating for me
a bit oily i feel
hydrate my skin beautifully
it feels greasy on the skin, not nourishing.
there are better facial oils on the market for sure
this product kept my skin hydrated
my skin feels plump and hydrated all day.
it may have hydrated it somewhat
this felt a bit thick
it's very silicone feeling
a better way to get a good amount of spf on your skin is with a moisturizer
smooth on my skin
leaves my skin feeling smooth
it makes my skin look
the only benefit to it is that it made my face feel well moisturized
it left my skin moisturized
it hydrates well enough
was thinking that i do need to moisturize my skin more-
i still get very oily after about 5 hours.
it made my skin look and feel flaky.
keep my skin as moisturized as possible especially at night
it felt hydrating yet not thick.
i love the feel of this moisturizer
let my skin nourished as it described
i felt my face hydrated
it leaves me feeling greasy
i can tell it's moisturizing pretty well
it smells great and deeply moisturizes my face.
my skin felt very plastic like after rinsing
i did not feel like it moisturized my face at all
it makes my skin tight
while it lathered nicely
i feel like sometimes it promotes texture on my skin
i don't feel the skin super clean
i wish it was more hydrating though.
my skin really soaks it up
something that can keep my forehead hydrated
moisturized skin this product will be great for you
this moisturizer did its job well as my skin no longer felt dehydrated
although i have to use 4 pumps to get a good hydrated face coverage
it would be a good lightweight moisturizer for summer
my skin starts to feel tight
it's very hydrating and light weight.
this actually makes me nauseous with how greasy my skin is
this moisturizer makes you look extremely glowy
feels super light and hydrating.
i'll admit, it works, it hydrates well.
at first i really loved how moisturizing yet might weight this stuff was
unfortunately it was not hydrating enough for my skin
i found that this only hydrated my skin for an hour
did not feel moisturized either.
this eye cream is hydrating for sure.
this cream is very hydrating though
while this is very hydrating under my eye area
very light for a sleeping cream
i could see my skin got moisturized
i gave it a try because i really like the light weight cream gel texture of this brightening mask
yet a couple cleansing oils i've tried left my skin feeling clean
the texture feels more like a face cream
wanted a little extra hydration which this cream gives
it's not hydrating at all.
it is an ok eye cream
it might work for oilier skin
it's hydrating, but that's about it.
it does, however, moisturize quite well.
i still want that healthy glow
with the addition of the gel cleanser it gave a really great cleanse when i'm feeling congested
the oil part of the cleanser is a terrific cleansing oil that leaves your skin feeling completely clean
this cleanser cleans very well
my skin felt deeply cleansed without feeling tight
more hydrated than it would normally
serums keep my oily skin supple
it goes on very matte
this cream made my face really matte
leaves my skin so smooth
the texture is/feels cool
made my skin feel slightly greasy
it dries fast to a matte finish
it can feel thick
this seemed to fit the bill perfectly.
this sunscreen is very good to leave you skin ready for makeup
it felt chalky, not smooth.
this made my skin feel itchy
you feel clean after washing it
i love it feels so refreshed
i feel that this strips my face so after i rinse my skin feels dry
this cleanser claims to warm up upon skin contact
this product works really well to moisturize without drying
the appearance looks more hydrated
it feels very hydrating
it leaves your skin feel cleaner
it does leaves the skin clean and fresh though.
left my skin feeling very clean
its an ok mask it is hydrating
after i rinse i can definitely feel a difference in my skins texture
it leaves my face feeling hydrated
sure my hyper pigmentation is fading
it made my skin very itchy
i think this oil is great for drier skin or like that really hydrating/heavy moisturizer feel if you're like me
it really helped calm my skin down
does not hydrate as well
doesn't really feel very hydrating
to the touch feels like hair gel.
only rinses off with very warm water
it's gentle and hydrating, yes.
ole henriksen solid cleansing oils
a good hydration eye cream
it seems like it's exfoliating my skin it has a texture to it you can feel
something that would help with my dehydrated skin
this was not hydrating at all.
my skin does not feel soothed or hydrated.
i felt my skin was well hydrated
my skin didn't look tightened or feel hydrated
the texture very hydrate
my face appears refreshed.
really amazing to exfoliate it made my face so smooth
my skin was smoother
my face feels so smooth after.
i washed my face very thoroughly after the mask
smooth side works well on cleaning my skin
although i don't have much wrinkles this did take away discoloration making my skin tight supple
i found it to be not hydrating at all
it is not very hydrating
didn't feel hydrating at all
make my skin really itchy
while that one did moisturize my skin quite well
it is a gel consistency that is very cooling
i woke up to moisturized
very soothing after a long day outdoors
good at making my skin feel clean
it leaves my face feeling clean
hydrated my eyes cons
smooth on the skin
it does leave my skin smooth
this never hydrated me
it is super thick but doesn't hydrate well.
it did feel hydrating
while this did moisturize really well
this product did not keep my skin hydrated
i feel this would be better suited for oily/combo skin
it for sure calms the skin
this gel made my skin incredibly oily
leaves my skin feeling anything but hydrated!!
soaks in so nicely
this moisturizer is not really soothing
i my skin does not feel moisturized
le that feeling because my skin didn't feel supple
i say stick with the invigorating night gel
i wish it had a fresher scent to go to sleep with
this gel is hydrating but it is also very sticky.
it was hydrating & something new.
more hydrated after i use it
under my eye is smooth
-' it didn't moisturize the skin under my eyes really well
moisturizes the skin properly
it is not that hydrating at all!
it did moisturized a bit
it just didn't keep my skin moisturized
neck never truly felt moisturized
i hoped it would do a great job of hydrating my facial skin however i found that this did not moisturize nor did it make my skin look healthy
it isn't good for my normal to oily skin
my skin feel moisturized for 2 hours
non-greasy feel to the cream
doesnt feel like it does much to calm or clean.
seems to plump the skin a bit
it makes my skin very smooth
it does leave skin nicely toned
it gives you a very deep clean
it definitely is not a "deep hydration" product
doesn't feel particularly hydrating at all
it wasn't very hydrating
the texture is cool and it does hydrate.
it keeps my skin hydrated
i struggle a lot to keep my skin hydrated
my skin felt fine
it does ok in hydrating
it also added a bit of hydration
it makes my skin feel so smooth
feels like it would make your skin really moisturized
doesn't keep my skin moisturized
it should work really beautifully for normal/ slightly dry skin
it was not hydrating at all- it was pretty watery even for a gel cream
my skin still wouldn't feel fully moisturized
keeps my skin feeling moist
having the lasting hydrating feel on the skin where it's supple
the skin would feel moisturized when touched
it left my skin more hydrated than some
this cleanser did clean the face okay
left my skin feeling tight
i did not find this to be very hydrating
it makes you feel too dehydrated
made my skin feel greasy and weighed down.
the sleep tight firming night balm
smooth it over your skin
my skin felt nourished
this seemed like a good moisturizer--natural
moisturized base under your makeup keep looking
it didn't smooth over my skin nicely
it definitely didn't moisturize well
it moisturized i guess
i found that it wasn't especially hydrating
it hydrated my combination skin
hydrated like you would expect out of a good moisturizer
it wasn't nearly as hydrating as i needed it to be
i would thoroughly rinse your face
it cleanses very well
surprisingly after washing my face my skin felt stripped of moisture
it's hard with natural ingredients
this soap works well to really clean your skin
while i was using it i noticed that it foamed really nicely
it goes on smooth and is really hydrating.
after a few weeks i can tell that my skin is well moisturized
my skin does feel moisturized
it is hydrating, but that's about it.
it does moisturize my eye area well.
it is very hydrating
not moisturized especially in winter
it works fine to keep the eye area moisturized
it feels like this cream never fully absorbs into my skin
it does make my skin feel dehydrated upon application
would have toned my skin
makes feel nauseous when applying
work for my skin
i think my skin feels firmer
my skin eats it up nicely
this is a lightweight, soothing gel.
it does not hydrate my skin at all
it definitely cleans your skin
it left my skin feeling tight
my skin still feels dirty after using this cleanser
super cool texture, easy delivery, very gentle.
it makes my skin feel clean
it feels tight afterwards
my skin feels very fresh and clean after.
my face does not feel clean after rinsing- feels kinda sticky
at the end of the week my skin felt dehydrated
when i use this product my face just doesn't feel clean or well moisturized
it left my skin feeling smooth
my skin was not left feeling moisturized at all.
my skin feels very dry and looks shiny.
my pores look a bit more clean.
my skin felt more hydrated
my skin feels more hydrated
puffiness if i don't get good sleep
the texture is very smooth
the moisture it brings helps my eyes feel less irritated
it is an okay eye cream
but it does hydrate well.
my skin does not feel hydrated at all.
the tube is very light weight
it has a sticky feel
because of my skin tone
so my skin is healing naturally.
i feel the description for this should be more of a hydrating
skin feels nicely cleansed after
this cleanser works so well i'm fine with it
it keeps my skin hydrated without me looking like a grease ball at the end of the day
tingly like it's really doing some cleaning of my pores while i'm washing my face with it
it's very hydrating for my dry skin
thought this cleanser would clear my skin
hard to smooth around balm
which i'm guessing is the hydrating part
i wanted a gentle make up cleaner/balm for my dry sensitive skin
hydrated though did not remove my eye makeup
i really enjoyed breathing in with the warm cloth over my face
even with adding water to make it milky my skin felt like it was suffocating
plus, it made my skin look super greasy.
it leaves my skin with a matte finish.
was happy that this stuff seemed to be pretty effective at moisturizing my skin
this is not hydrating to me
it was pretty tingling
it left my skin feeling too greasy
