i also needed to use a lot to be moisturized
my face feels hydrated
keeps your skin hydrated or basically oily the whole day
gives skin an amazingly hydrated gorgeous feel
my skin didn't felt hydrated or refreshed
don't particularly leave me skin hydrated.
it cannot make me skin hydrated for more than 2 hours
has made my skin very dehydrated
it moisturised eye area very well
it does hydrate your under eyes
if the eye cream was more hydrating i wouldn't mind so much
it gives enough hydration
this cream provides very lightweight hydration that it's not enough for my dry eye area
i notice that my eye area looks way more hydrated when i use it
it did the job keeping my eye area moisturized
dehydrated skin like mine
my skin does seem moisturized
kept my face moisturized
it helped keep my under eye area moisturized
i even moisturized more, still didn't help.
it went it smoothly and felt hydrating.
it helped with hydration.
hydrated it really well
would not recommend if you have dry/dehydrated skin
it did dry out my skin which is already dehydrated
i never felt like it absorbed and moisturized.
not hydrating at all as it just sits on top of my skin
i did not feel hydrated.
my skin looked nice and hydrated.
making my skin more dehydrated
while it did seem to make my skin feel moisturized
it definitely preps my skin by giving it a little hydration
it's nice for hydration before applying the mask to your clean dry skin
i still need to use a light moisturizer after using this facial cleanser to make my face feel totally hydrated
there was no actually hydration
hydration for my skin
need to stay moisturized so my skin doesn't overreact
does not hydrate my skin just sits on top!!!
was hoping this would help hydrate the area
i don't get any hydration from this
loved the feeling of instant hydration
like a boost or a quick feeling of hydration
gave me hydration and made my skin glowy.
my dry skin really drank it up
they did not hydrate
my eyes didn't even feel or look moisturized
i didn't feel any "instant burst of cool hydration"
i think that it does its job by keeping the area around my eye hydrated
it doesn't hydrate the eye area at all
yes it does hydrate
long lasting hydration for the under eyes this is not it
not even really hydration.
just doesnt do more than hydrate your skin
my skin looked hydrated
if you need something to hydrate your thirsty skin
leaves skin feeling decently hydrated
this gel hydrated my skin a little
when hydration is the biggest thing needed
two little pouches hydrate
it has a thicker consistency which helps hydrate your skin
my face felt moisturized all day long
skin feels very hydrated.
for a product that totes intense hydration--it is actually not very hydrating at all
not sure if it's hydrating enough for me
it was not a deep hydration at all.
doesn't really deliver the hydration needed if you have dry skin
at the end of the day it's not enough to hydrate my skin
it is not hydrate enough for dry skin.
while it did provide a good dose of hydration for my skin
i noticed little to no hydration
it did not moisturized enough
it gives no "intense hydration"
this doesn't provide enough hydration.
it doesn't even give me enough hydrating.
my skin was visibly dehydrated
moisturized as the original
no dry spots and kept it hydrated.
it looks way better when my skin is moisturized
it didn't do much to hydrate my under-eye area
i don't feel super hydrated.
keeps my face moisturized all day
my dry skin still feels deprived of hydration
it feels hydrating enough on my dehydrated skin though nothing special
it did not add hydration.
made my skin to look so dehydrated and flaky.
keeps your skin moisturized
nice moisturizer that kept my skin hydrated all day
i would recommend in the winter for extra hydration
not for dry or dehydrated skin.
my skin doesnt feel hydrated at all.
no plumping nor hydrated look at all
i felt no hydration from this product
asked for something very hydrating as my skin has many breaks during winter
woke up with skin that felt barely moisturized
except the entire point of most sleep masks is to provide hydration
need some extra hydration while i sleep
keeps my eye area hydrated
does feel a little hydrated at night so my eyes don't feel extremely dry
just needed something to nourish my dry skin
the hydration is decent.
have hydrated skin all day
i love how it moisturized my skin.
my skin requires hydration as i age
it doesn't offer much hydration for dry or sensitive skin
i actually looked like i was perspiring.
didn`t hydrate my skin at all
my skin always looks more 'glowy' after intense hydration treatment
it left my skin very moisturized without leaving it oily
i liked how moisturized my face felt after using.
it didn't feel like it moisturized my face.
this does not hydrate the skin by any means
not to hydrate the skin
it worked well enough to keep my face moisturized
but it moisturized okay.
i didn't feel like my skin got the hydration it needs
when i use it, my skin doesn't feel hydrated.
it does not hydrate dry or dehydrated skin
my skin didn't feel hydrated after this
left my skin hydrated
made my skin feel really hydrated
it doesn't leave you feeling moisturized
i also enjoy relaxing while i get pampered
it doesn't hydrate very well
i like a lighter moisturizer that keeps your face hydrated all day
does not maintain the look of well hydrated eye area
i did not feel moisturized at all
it makes you feel moisturized
i didn't feel like it moisturized my skin
it didn't hydrate to the level i was expecting
it felt so light but hydrated at first.
this definitely doesn't hydrate my face enough.
i found that this gave a nice light hydration
dry skin in the winter
it does keep the skin moisturized
it made my skin feel moisturized
it did a good job at keeping my skin moisturized
i rinse my face with warm water
it leaves your skin feeling soft and hydrated.
this one is more for leaving your skin hydrated
then left it extremely dehydrated
after washing this mask off my face did not feel as hydrated as i wanted it to be
it doesn't feel hydrated or help any of the sensitivity or acne
i didn't get the warming sensation everyone is talking about nor did my skin feel hydrated
if the mask is supposed to make my skin feel moisturized
this did not hydrate me at all
this did nothing for hydration
tried it since my skin has been super dehydrated
once you removed the mask it leaves a hydrating feeling to your skin
your skin will feel moisturized and great!
when i wake up my skin looks dehydrated.
i feel my skin "drinking" it up
i needed something more hydrating for my cheeks
it's great hydration on my dry skin
the only thing i noticed was a more moisturized under-eye
it only kept my under eyes moisturized.
there was zero hydration.
leaves my skin feeling hydrated
my face felt moisturized
it also provides a nice hydrated glow even with powder on top of it
your skin needs to be hydrated
cold hands, warm heart?
i did like the way it moisturized my eyes though.
leaves my feeling hydrated even after using a cleanser
doesn't your face feel hydrated just from air drying with water?
i notice very minimal hydration
it didn't hydrate my skin or lift
although it felt very hydrating it was much to thick
not at all hydrated
it does leave skin moisturized
hydrated like it's supposed to
my skin is so hydrated and feels amazing
once i apply the cleansing oil it feels hydrated
my face felt soft and moisturized.
i felt beyond dehydrated
i didn't find that it hydrated very well either
didn't leave my skin feeling hydrated at all
felt nice and hydrating when i put it on.
this doesn't provide much hydration
the eye area is moisturized.
need something more hydrating for under the eyes
i didn't really feel hydrated though.
my eye area didn't feel as hydrated as i like.
didn't hydrate my undereyes as much as i wanted
also not hydrate enough
didn't see a change in my skin outside of hydration
my skin needs moisture always
this product didn't hydrate my skin for long
it moisturized my skin super well cause i wore it in winter
my skin definitely was moisturized
it's okay it moisturized my face
my skin never feels clean or exfoliated after i've used it
wanted something that would help hydrate my dry skin
my skin just looked starved of hydration
for a hyaluronic it should give you some hydration
it doesn't enough hydration or moisture
don't really see how it moisturized my skin when it peeled
never felt naturally hydrated
i didnt feel hydrated at all
it helped hydrate a bit
my skin didn't appear hydrated when i checked it the next morning
can significantly see that my skin is well hydrated
in that sense it works well to deeply hydrate
i love how moisturized my skin feels.
my skin wasn't especially hydrated or brightened
it wasn't enough hydration for me
it left my skin feeling hydrated and smooth.
my healthy diet hasn't changed
keeps me super hydrated
it does not make my skin feel hydrated at all
it felt like it was hydrating my skin without making it oily
i still need to hydrate
my fave felt dehydrated
it didn't keep my face moisturized
it doesn't keep my skin as moisturized i would prefer
also dries out if it's not moisturized well
i would prefer that it kept my skin hydrated throughout the day
it's not hydrated enough if you have dry skin
it moisturized my undereyes very well
while it's great for hydration
it never felt like my lips were hydrated either when i'd use it
i find that it doesn't hydrate my skin
it doesn't moisturized my skin at all
i really thought it instantly made my skin moisturized
did not hydrate, brighten, etc.
i still like to have some hydration
my skin did not feel hydrated at all
didn't leave my skin feeling hydrated whatsoever
did not hydrate at all
it did feel refreshed
my face felt very hydrates afterwards.
my face felt hydrated
this mask did not provide the hydration that my skin needed
as far as hydration goes i felt it could have been more hydrating
love the extra hydration
didn't feel like this moisturized my skin
this cream did not give me any hydration
returning because it didn't hydrate my dry cheeks
it didn't plump or hydrate to take away any puffiness
it's extremely overpriced for only being hydrated
dehydrated skin that is easily stripped
even out of the humid bathroom in order to conserve the product
hydrated in the mornings
i didn't wake up more hydrated or radiant
it did not hydrate my skin at all
my skin didnt feel any softer or moisturized the next morning after washing it off
it just doesn't give me a hydrated feeling
my skin felt pretty hydrated
gave it three stars because it kept my face hydrated throughout the night
i've since switched to other things that make my skin feel so much more hydrated
it didn't really hydrate my skin by the next morning
my skin is dry/dehydrated and sensitive.
was super excited to try it because hydrating masks are my all time favorite
in the morning my lips are no more hydrated than before
it hydrated my skin beautifully
also kept me hydrated
it left my skin feeling hydrated for a good few hours
it made my skin feel very hydrated maybe a little to much
this keeps my skin moisturized all day
i felt like it wasn't hydrating enough
you think your skin will be nicely hydrated
my skin is also dry and very dehydrated.
my skin is already pretty moisturized
because this moisturized my face so well
i wanna have something really hydrated
my skin felt hydrated all day without feeling greasy
in 7 days i did notice that my skin was more hydrated
it made my skin soft and hydrated.
i did experience increased hydration around my eye area
my face also didn't feel moisturized after using it at all
found that i needed to use quite a bit in the am to feel moisturized
i didn't think it moisturized my skin.
i find that i had to put on a lot to feel hydrated
just wasn't enough hydration
my skin is overworking to regain balance
moisturized with being greasy on my oily skin
t does an okay job hydrating my skin
noticed since the change my skin does not feel as moisturized
basically if it is moisturized well enough
if it is not moisturized enough
doesn't hydrate my skin enough
i didn't find this moisturized
is the perfect amount of hydration
my skin is still dehydrated
it didn't quite hydrate my skin
it barely makes my dry skin feel moisturized
mix with almond oil to keep my skin hydrated
my skin feels smoother but not so hydrating.
hydrating the area underneath my eyes
i do feeling a cooling sensation
it kept my skin hydrated but that was all.
apparently it does not really moisturized
even though my skin feels hydrated it doesn't take the makeup off
my face didn't feel moisturized at all
i personally look for an eye cream to help with hydration under the eyes
instead of giving my under eyes hydration
i need something that keeps my eyes moisturized all night
have tried a lot of different moisturizers that just didnt keep my skin hydrated throughout the day
really kept my skin hydrated
when i woke up i noticed my skin was completely hydrated
it kept my skin moisturized
it gives me a pop of hydration
this cleanser left my skin dehydrated
basically it didn't hydrate my skin.
this cleanser leaves my skin feeling extremely dehydrated
i got this product to not only hydrate
the skin felt healthier
it will hydrate and make your skin look amazing.
does leave my skin feeling hydrated
it's nice for dehydrated skin
because it moisturized most of my face
more moisturized after the first use
i loved that my face felt super hydrated
this concentrate does not even hydrate it enough
did not leave me completely moisturized during the day
did not hydrate at all
there are way better hydrating products out there
far too hydrating for warm weather
it is very moisturized overnight
have dry dehydrated skin with sun damage
left me feeling moisturized
being indoors in heat
just not enough hydration.
my skin was well hydrate
it didn't hydrate as well as i wanted
tired the calm cool
my skin looks pretty healthy and hydrated.
the only visible results are better hydration of the skin
wasn't hydrating enough for under eye lines
my eyes feel tiight not moist after use.
my skin feels hydrated after washing off
it feels cool going on and kept my skin hydrated.
the only thing it did is make my skin moisturized
i didn't feel the intense hydration as the bottle advertised
the all over one did keep my skin very moisturized all day long
however it does leave my skin hydrated.
leaving my dry skin moisturized
then having to hydrate more
i don't feel like it has really hydrated my skin much at all
moisturized glow in the morning
this did nothing to keep my dry winter skin moisturized
dehydrated yet i get oily
this in no way moisturized my skin
my eye area is hydrated
it does hydrate quite well tho
keeps the eye area hydrated
i do like the hydration
dehydrated skin with minimal fine lines
this moisturized for a couple hours then my skin went back to dry
didn't make his skin feel more moisturized
the cream did not have a thick consistency to keep his skin moisturized
i can't use it as my only hydration.
i find that it takes 5-6 pumps before i feel like my skin is moisturized
as i applied my face felt very moisturized
the product label says it will hydrate and tone.
rather than leaving my skin feeling very hydrated
t does hydrate in my dry areas
i did feel refreshed
the hydration was never permanent
i give this 3/5 because it does hydrate slightly
i didn't feel that it hydrated my face
skin did not feel moisturized.
within a few minutes the area doesn't even feel moisturized
it doesn't hydrate more deep cleanse the skin
this face wash seemed to dehydrate my skin even more
i made sure my face was well moisturized as well.
hydrate my dry skin
giving my skin time to heal
my skin did not feel moisturized after.
it also did hydrate my eyes well
if your main concern is hydration then this is a great eye cream for that
the only thing it does is hydrate
appeared to be hydrating my under eye area
keeps my eyes really hydrated since the previous product that i used before made my eyes very dry
it left my face feeling hydrated
it was the first eye cream that really moisturized
kept the delicate under eye area hydrated
feels more hydrated than before i used this product
overall hydration in my eye area
nor did my skin feel moisturized
has a cooling feeling on your skin
it did hydrate my skin
it does not really moisturized enough for me
moisturize which always helps my eyes look less tired or aged
i guess it moisturized
really is when it comes to hydration
i found it hydrated the area well
i do like the hydration
didn't dehydrate it at all
seemingly did nothing to hydrate my eyes
this cream didn't moisturized my under eye area at all
my skin is dehydrated
my skin was not hydrated or glowy at all
it leaves the skin refreshed
it keep my eye area hydrated.
not even hydrate the skin under my eyes
it does a good job of keeping my skin moisturized
hydrate my dry spots
my skin was still moisturized when i woke up
my face simultaneously feels super hydrated
it didn't even hydrate my skin.
i give it 3 stars because it does hydrate
rinse with warm water
the mask felt great while it was on-- hydrating.
my skin feels very refreshed after using the product
it made my eyes feel moisturized
the skin around my eyes is moisturized
leaves your skin feeling moisturized
my skin in dehydrated/dry.
left my skin feeling hydrated
i'd say it's great for hydration
as well as colder temperatures
it over moisturized my skin causing my face
it moisturized fairly well
sick of the moisturizer being pumped
tired due to lack of hydration
my skin is hydrated
because i was having to apply 3x the usual amount in order for my skin to feel hydrated
my skin is generally dry/ dehydrated
probably fine for skin that doesn't need much hydration
this doesn't make my face feel hydrated at all.
not wow my skin feels so hydrated
it leaves skin moist and hydrated.
it left my skin super soft after however not really hydrated
if anything a little more "hydrated"
doesn't really hydrate it
i did feel like it was a bit hydrating
i also do not feel moisturized after using it.
overall i'd say there are better ways to keep your skin more hydrated
it left me so hydrated
dehydrated after using this
dry not hydrated at all
it did not keep my skin hydrated throughout the day
after a couple days of using it i noticed that my skin didn't look or feel more hydrated
i don't see any hydration at all
it still wasnt hydrated my most dry areas
helps keep the skin hydrated
they didn't hydrate enough for me
needed something that hydrated
although it does a good job of keeping my face moisturized
didn't really help to hydrate the dry parts of my skin
it keeps my under eye area moisturized
the skin around my eyes barely felt hydrated so no improved elasticity or fine lines
not much hydration, almost too lightweight.
this one does nothing to my eyes beside hydrating
this was recommended for my sensitive dehydrated skin
my face felt well moisturized
i eat, sleep, breathe and work sephora.
didn't hydrate my sensitive skin
because i ended up using more product to feel moisturized
doesn't make my skin feel very moisturized
it really isn't sufficient to keep my skin hydrated during the dry winter
i don't feel like it moisturized my face that well
it didn't provide any hydration
my skin feels oddly dehydrated
my skin never felt fully moisturized
even with oily skin i wasn't as hydrated as i wanted
after using for the first time my skin didn't feel moisturized
i don't feel moisturized
it was very temporary hydration that left my skin greasy throughout the day
my face didn't really feel moisturized
leaves the skin with a hydrated
guess it did restore some hydration
i did not feel hydrated in the morning either.
my skin felt moisturized
a little goes a long way to feel moisturized
my skin looks rested
my skin is smoother and more moisturized.
leaves my skin feeling moisturized without an oily appearance
it did leave my skin hydrated
i found it just moisturized pretty well.
this will not properly moisturize your face
i does keep my eyes moisturized
it my skin feels super moisturized once i put it on
my eyes will have dehydrating lines when they get dry
doesn't provide enough hydration for fine lines
it doesn't hydrate your eye area at all
it does keep my under eye area hydrated which is a plus
my eyes feel refreshed
i like my skin to not only feel refreshed
it does keep my skin moisturized
it does hydrate my skin
hydrated lightly, but no mattifying seen.
how it made my face feel moisturized was awesome
my skin does feel hydrated after use
didn't really feel very hydrated throuout the day
i will just go back to using fab's ultra repair cream intense hydration
unfortunately gave me minimal hydration.
bought it to help hydrate.
it feels very hydrated and soft.
my skin is dehydrated
my skin felt soft and hydrated.
it failed to hydrate as promised.
it does hydrate a little and that is about it.
i guess the coolness of the rollerball mentally perks up drowsiness
it doesn't hydrate or lift.
sadly i didnt feel like my skin got more hydrated while using this product
while this did somewhat hydrate
all it does is hydrate.
wasn't hydrating enough for my eyes
it did however make my under eye moisturized
the hydration is better
though it moisturized my eye area just fine
it did keep my eye area hydrated
i need more hydration
not for puffiness or hydration
the night hydration is much more absorbant.
my skin is pretty dehydrated in the first place
my skin felt moisturized immediately after applying
skin was not hydrated after use
my skin was perfectly moisturized
not re-hydrate my skin at all
keeping my combination skin hydrated
too greasy,not hydrate enough
it provides good hydration
this didn't give much hydration
my skin still was not hydrated
my skin did not feel very moisturized after using it
but the hydration just didn't last.
there's no extra hydration.
it does seem to hydrate adequately
gotten more hydration with other br
did what it said and moisturized.
help keep it hydrated
develops hard to treat dry spots if its not moisturized enough
sadly it just isn't even close to being able to keep my skin hydrated
hydration does not last all day
it didn't give me enough hydration.
however it really didn't hydrate my skin well
i moisturized at least twice a day
it did hydrate like the name states
does a good job at hydrating your eye area
suggested by the sephora make up lady to help keep my undereyes hydrated especially under concealer
this hydrating eye cream from bobbi brown had made me teary
while it did keep my skin moisturized
it does hydrate your face very well.
i didn't feel significantly more moisturized
my under eyes feel hydrated the next morning
i warm it first
my skin did not feel moisturized in the morning.
leaves your skin moisturised
my skin feels moisturized
i put in in on before bedtime my skin felt moist.
i didn't feel moisturized at all
i need at least two pumps to feel fully moisturized
made my skin feel moisturized
i don't feel it truly keeps my skin moisturized
maybe it has hydrated my skin around my eyes
leaves my under eyes moisturized
use it after my acne wash to keep my skin moisturized
it will keep your skin moisturized throughout the day
didn't keep my eye area moisturized over night
there's no difference in the hydration of my eyes with this gel
keeps under eye area moisturized
it never gave me the hydration i needed
this fit into the majority of the group: it moisturized under my eyes well
did keep the skin around my eyes hydrated
doesn't hydrate enough for my kind of dry skin.
the product failed to hydrate my skin.
it like over hydrated
hydrated without feeling oily -- touchable
at most my skin looks hydrated
my skin looked more nourished too.
nor did it help with hydration
it didn't help hydrate my skin at all
overnight repair cream moisturized magnificently
it does an okay job at hydrating the eye area
although it moisturized by sometimes super dry lids
it does hydrate well without being greasy.
it made my skin moisturized
the humidity is constant
i think my skin needs more nutrients than other people's skin?
1 for "i still have hydrated skin till the morning
this is amazing leave my skin hydrated
this hydrated an average amount
my skin drank it up pretty instantly
soothe my winter skin
it doesn't give me the hydration i need in winters
rose water spray could make it look hydrated
skin feels hydrated and firm.
it didn't even hydrate my skin around my eyes felt drier
the product does a good job of keeping the eye area hydrated
my eye area feels moisturized
did hydrate areas around my eyes
after two weeks i notice my eye area looks more hydrated
i like the hydration it gives
this product makes your skin under your eyes feel hydrated as you apply it
it only moisturized in the very immediate term
in need of additional hydration
i am now experiencing dehydration
it does help keep my skin hydrated i have very dry skin
for my eyes i need something thicker that stays moisturized throughout the day
my skin was not hydrated enough
finishing it supple with moisture
my face is still moisturized in the morning
it is light so light it provided no nourishment to my parched skin
it provided some hydration
it did leave me feeling extra moisturized
my skin needs more hydration than that
my skin looked dehydrated
i didn't wake up very moisturized either.
dehydrated skin that my regular evening skincare products can't do
i am not sure if it did hydrate my skin
it did leave it feeling moisturized
my skin did feel hydrated afterwards
i look and feel more awake now!
it cleanses my make up very well.
it just soso, not hydrate enough in winter.
that the hydrated feeling only lasted an hour or so
made my skin feel hydrated and glowing.
my skin is generally on the dryer/dehydrated side
it does keep my sking hydrated in winter season.
was advised to try this one for a more hydrating experience
makes my skin feel moisturized
my skin feels refreshed after use
the only difference in my eyes is the hydration
it didn't feel like it hydrated very well either.
it definitely hydrated my face
bought this for hydration
having combination skin i was hoping this would hydrate my dry areas
my skin feels like it still needs moisture after the 10min treatment
it is supposed to hydrate my skin
people who needs to hydrate skin
when i wash this off my skin feels a little more hydrated
it gives you very minimal hydration.
left my skin hydrated
i feel i need to add my moisturizer on top of it in order to feel hydrated
it didn't hydrate at all
it didn't provide enough hydration.
i never felt moisturized enough after use
it feels just a little bit hydrated which i like
it really leaves my skin moisturized without leaving my skin feel oily
i didn't see my eye area feel any more plump or hydrated
it is good at keeping my eyes moisturized during the night
i feel hydrated in that area without a teariing
it keeps the skin hydrated
this product does hydrate well
not really moisturized at all
it helps keep my skin hydrated during the day when it's super dry
needed something intense that would keep my skin hydrated
it does not hydrate at all.
my skin felt well moisturized
i did not feel hydrated, lifted and replenished.
no difference in hydration
mentally i think it is
my skin is extremely dehydrated
doesn't feel super refreshed
felt like my skin was getting very hydrated
my skin feels dry and dehydrated the next time.
didn't feel hydrated enough
hydration-yes, tightening--not even.
d*** if it doesn't make my skin feel hydrated all day without feeling greasy
hydrated in the morning though
aside from well hydrated skin
super hydrate in the morning
how hydrated it feels
this product doesn't make me feel hydrated at all
hydrated it didn't make it look any brighter or lighten pigmentation
this did not provide enough hydration
in case my skin just needed to acclimate
my skin is super dehydrated right now
it does not hydrate at all
those with dry skin will find their skin not quite hydrated enough throughout the day
after about a week i realized my skin didn't feel hydrated enough
although this oil does hydrate my skin
it does not feel more hydrated
it does hydrate skin
this serum leaves your skin feeling hydrated
when you cleanse with warm water
it makes my skin feel well moisturized for a couple hours after i put it on
seems to be keeping my skin hydrated
my skin was so dehydrated after
it doesn't really hydrate my sensitive combination skin enough
keeps it moisturized all day
i noticed little difference in the hydration of my skin
my skin did seem hydrated.
my skin doesn't feel hydrated
my skin felt nicely moisturized
my skin received no hydration from this product
my skin doesn't really feel hydrated after i use the whole bottle
this produce did hydrate my skin when i applied it
absorbed instantlyafter using not feel moisturized
it definitely didn't hydrate
it does hydrate my skin
it's not hydrate for me at all
i didn't feel that it really moisturized well
i do feel like it nourishes my skin
i look more awake
it did nothing, not even hydrate the skin.
didn't hydrate my skin as i expected it to.
maybe my skin just needs to acclimate?
i needed a serum that helps with my dehydrated complexion
i do think it's helping with the hydration on my skin
i would give one more chance during summer when my skin is more hydrated
undereyes do feel moisturized though.
on the plus side it does hydrate well
i noticed i needed to use a lot of it to feel adequately moisturized
i feel like this moisturizer doesn't really do anything to keep me hydrated throughout the day
it wasn't enough on my really dehydrated days
this doesn't hydrate my skin enough
my skin is decently hydrated for a few hours
it moisturized enough under my makeup
i really liked the the moisturized.
like a "serious" nite moisturizer to keep my face hydrated
i initially loved the hydration
hydrated like any moisturizer
i stay hydrated all day without the heavy build up
it has kept my eyes moisturised
feel hydration is still important to try to keep a balance
no change in hydration
overall more moisturized skin
the one thing i will say is that my skin is much more hydrated
i can say that this serum has helped keep my skin hydrated
feels hydrating without feeling greasy
it did hydrate well
took a while to restore my moisturized skin
my cheeks felt sunburnt
really not hydrating (for me anyways)
it is for dry dehydrated skin
the level of hydration has changed
it never seemed to hydrate my face
i felt gross instead of hydrated.
my skin felt moisturized
skin feels totally moisturized
i like that this keeps my skin hydrated
didn't seem to hydrate my skin at all
leaves my face feeling sticky rather than hydrated
keep my skin calm
it would keep me moisturized
felt sticky had to apply 2xs for my skin to feel hydrated
wish it hydrated a bit more
it does leave my undereye area moisturized
it actually dried out my skin rather than hydrated it
thought i would try the samples to see if it would keep it hydrated
as i prefer feeling way more moisturized
my skin is hydrated when i use it
i found that this product did hydrate my skin
my skin feels healthy
i can't say that my skin feels moisturized
my skin does feel moisturized
my skin didn't feel moisturized
love keeping my skin hydrated!
i worried that i wasn't getting any hydration
it doesn't seem to hydrate well at all
it did keep my eyes moisturized over night
it did hydrate my eyes a little bit
definitely hydrating to my super dry under eyes
it does hydrate the eyes area
it moisturized my eyes
mainly in the hydration
initially it went on nicely and hydrated well.
your under-eye area will be moisturized
great for overall eye area hydration
it keeps my skin moisturized all day without changing the consistency of the foundation
it doesn't hydrate my skin
gives the eye region decent amount of hydration
this cream doesn't make the skin around my eyes feel very moisturized
moisturized my face more than it would have been
doesn't hydrate my skin at all
clinique is my go to for healthy safe skin care.
thirsty in the winter
it really doesn't seem to deliver any hydration or nourishment
probably from not getting enough hydration
i find that it has helped keep my skin hydrated
it doesn't hydrate my skin at all
give my skin some hydration
doesn't keep my dry spots as moisturized as other night creams do
hydrated my skin under makeup
over all it gives great hydration
hydrated which i loved
my t zone was really hydrated which i was satisfied with
hydrated in the morning
it did not leave my skin moisturized
not sure it really rejuvenates.
it's a foam that doesn't seem to clean the skin or hydrate or calm
the sales rep told me this really moisturized
seems to keep my skin hydrated
hydrated my red sensitive skin
having dry/dehydrated skin
it keeps my skin moist all day
made my skin feel hydrated
it kept my face hydrated
it didn't keep my skin hydrated enough
just on the areas of my face that need hydration
it absolutely left my skin hydrated
dehydrated skin" as well
did not hydrate at all
cal when the weather was very low humidity hoping it would keep my skin moisturized
it did hydrate my skin fairly well
i noticed that my skin was moisturized
my skin looked refreshed
my skin felt moisturized
my skin did feel hydrated for some time
made me skin feel hydrated
first, you have to stay really hydrated.
wanted to add this to my skin care routine to give my face a more hydrated look
leave it feeling hydrated
i don't feel it gives my skin the hydration it needs
it definitely leaves my skin feeling moisturized
my skin nevet felt moisturized and felt rough.
did not hydrate my skin enough
needed something that hydrated me
i don't feel the hydrated
keeping the eye area well hydrated
my skin feels moisturized
good but original was way better for hydration !!
this mask is not moisturized at all.
leaving my face looking dehydrated while also shiney
downside to feeling so "hydrated" is the product never actually sinks into the skin
does keep my face hydrated threw out the day
i find that i have to literally bathe in this product to hydrate my skin
it didn't hydrate as well as i wanted
doesn't seem to hydrate as well as benefiance
it doesn't hydrate me skin
it defiantly helped my skin stay moisturized the whole day
it left my skin feeling hydrated
it definitely moisturized my skin a lot better
it left my skin moisturized
yet it hydrated soo much my skin was glowing- this is mainly because of the glycerin
i don't feel it hydrated my skin
the area was dehydrated
for me this product would definitely need an eye cream over it to adequate hydrate the eye tissue
maybe if your eyes were already super hydrated
it did, however, keep my face hydrated
my skin felt hydrated
my skin feels hydrated
while i wont say it leaves my skin feeling super hydrated it definitely helps put some moisture back in
the cool water rinse to me is not comforting
on my dry skin it doesn't really hydrate at all
my skin felt soft afterwards and refreshed.
'm not waiting forever to moisturized
this didn't really do a good job of keeping my skin moisturized
this is wonderful as a part of my skin hydration routine
it didn't moisturize enough for my body/feet
it did not seem to hydrate
i still feel my skin needs more hydration tho
my skin started to become dehydrated peeling
my skin felt well-moisturized
so disappointing as it moisturized so well!
it does its job to keep your skin pretty moisturized in my opinion
although it's light-weight my skin feels slightly dehydrated
great for winter dry skin
my face feels hydrated
other than feeling moist
doesn't leave my skin feeling moisturized
even passes the clean toner cotton test leaving my skin hydrated
took a long time to get my skin back to being moisturized
intense moisture for supple skin
keeps your fave hydrated and smells great.
my skin wasn't as hydrated as it is with my normal products
not only is my skin not hydrated
it provides good hydration
us older ladies need hydration!!
it does hydrate my face for the most part
it does not provide enough hydration through the evening
my face isn't more moisturized in the morning.
hydrate the eye area
not even more hydrated
and i love a good deep hydration.
doesn't really hydrate very much.
this left my super dry skin feeling greasy instead of moisturized
it hydrated all the areas of my face well other than my nose
am always up for a new way to hydrate
wanted to love it because i feel it hydrating
the rest of my skin looked a little more hydrated
it left my skin looking hydrated
my skin wasn't any softer or hydrated after using
i also like that it keeps my very dry skin super moisturized
somewhat dehydrated on the cheeks
i don't think my skin is hydrated
it did do a good job at hydrating my face
my skin felt well hydrated
it does hydrate your skin
this definitely keeps my skin hydrated cons: can leave my skin looking oily
this product completely dehydrated my face
maintained my regular skin care regimen
i did not feel very hydrated.
not suited for more mature skin which needs a little plumping from hydration
the super cold winter dryness
the hydration does not last too long
i can say this moisturized my eyes
it has helped to hydrate my overly dry under eyes
it did keep my skin moisturized after my shower
it did keep that area hydrated without feeling too greasy
didn't really hydrate though thick.
while it initially made my eyes feel moisturized
no firming, no hydration, nothing.
this product only gave me the benefit of hydrating around the eyes
it helps to hydrate under eye
it hydrated my undereye area a tiny bit
but i felt very drowsy with it.
i feel like it does moisturize my under eyes
it makes your skin so plump hydrated and smooth.
my skin is currently dehydrated
this cream moisturized my parched skin
definitely for a deep nourishment for sun damaged skin
my face has felt very nourished
not much at all than hydration
the hydrated i did break out in my chin
as it does not seem to add enough nutrients or enrichment for my skin besides hydration
leaves my skin hydrated
this cleanser left my face feeling hydrated
does not hydrate the eye area
while it felt rinsed after some warm water
leaves skin feeling moisturized
left my skin feeling moisturized
a sephora makeup consultant recommended this eye gel to keep the eye area hydrated
the eye gel dehydrated my under eye area tremendously
really hydrated when used with a moisturizer
absolutely no difference in skin moisture/hydration or appearance
it's only so-so on hydration
it does leave my skin hydrated
my skin dont feel full hydrated after
not moisturized at all
was in dire need of deep hydration due to dry winter weather
very thirsty in winter
do not feel hydrated during
kept my face hydrated
my skin is dry/dehydrated
or as a skin hydration boost after a harsh winter
it also did nothing for hydration.
have all day hydration
does hydrate my dry skin
my skin was moisturized in the morning
hydrated in the morning
this is mainly because my skin is hydrated from washing it
it goes right into the skins be makes it hydrated all day or night
hydration level is so so.
every day for hydration around my eyes
this has really helped to keep my eye area hydrated
i did notice that the skin surrounding my eyes was hydrated
woke up wondering why my lips felt so moisturized
i woke up with hydrated skin
feel hydrated this could be better for normal
it moisturized my skin in the most amazing way
it moisturized my skin nicely
i ended up needing to use a mask to rehydrate
made my already dehydrated skin feel very tight
for my dry winter skin i need more moisture
i really liked how it hydrated my skin
the only thing this did was hydrate.
this is not nourishing feeling
moisturized it makes my face feel
didn't hydrate nor refine my skin lines !!
did not hydrate it
a sephora girl said this would help with my dehydrated skin
ashy no matter how much i moisturized my skin
added a shiseido eye cream to my routine to aid with hydration
this did not hydrate
so you have half a minute spear time to load your skin with hydrated mist
this is amazing for hydration
i didn't feel the need to moisturize afterwards
the moisture is okay
it didn't hydrate my eye area at all
the hydration was average
i found for winter it just didnt hydrate enough
my skin feels well-hydrated afterward
i woke up the next morning with hydrated skin
my skin is not well-moisturized
it does not leave my skin feeling hydrated or dewy like the old version
it does hydrate around my eyes
hydrate my skin beautifully
i do wake up looking hydrated which is always good
this product kept my skin hydrated
my skin feels plump and hydrated all day.
it may have hydrated it somewhat
the only benefit to it is that it made my face feel well moisturized
it left my skin moisturized
keep my skin as moisturized as possible especially at night
let my skin nourished as it described
i felt my face hydrated
i did not feel like it moisturized my face at all
something that can keep my forehead hydrated
moisturized skin this product will be great for you
this moisturizer did its job well as my skin no longer felt dehydrated
although i have to use 4 pumps to get a good hydrated face coverage
it didn't do much to make my skin more hydrated
i found that this only hydrated my skin for an hour
did not feel moisturized either.
it failed to sufficiently moisturize under my eyes
i could see my skin got moisturized
wanted a little extra hydration which this cream gives
it doesn't hydrate like i was hoping for
i will say this is really good at keeping my under eyes moisturized
more hydrated than it would normally
definitely did not hydrate
my skin has felt dehydrated recently
the appearance looks more hydrated
it leaves my face feeling hydrated
dehydration when i started trying this product out
does not hydrate as well
was hoping this would hydrate it
a good hydration eye cream
something that would help with my dehydrated skin
first off, it doesn't hydrate.
my skin does not feel soothed or hydrated.
i felt my skin was well hydrated
my skin didn't look tightened or feel hydrated
definitely gave me some good hydration
hydrated face when i woke up
i woke up to moisturized
i did feel that it hydrated my under-eye better than other creams that i was trying at the time
hydrated my eyes cons
you may get some temporary hydration
this never hydrated me
it is super thick but doesn't hydrate well.
this product did not keep my skin hydrated
it for sure calms the skin
it does not hydrate at all
leaves my skin feeling anything but hydrated!!
as it didn't add as much hydration as my dry skin needs
while it does hydrate like it's supposed to
i my skin does not feel moisturized
suffer from a really dehydrated eye area
more hydrated after i use it
it did moisturized a bit
it just didn't keep my skin moisturized
neck never truly felt moisturized
my skin feel moisturized for 2 hours
i didn't notice added hydration
it definitely is not a "deep hydration" product
the texture is cool and it does hydrate.
it keeps my skin hydrated
i struggle a lot to keep my skin hydrated
have good skin from staying out of sun
it just provided hydration and nothing more.
it also added a bit of hydration
feels like it would make your skin really moisturized
doesn't keep my skin moisturized
running under warm water
i felt that it didn't do enough to hydrate my skin
my skin still wouldn't feel fully moisturized
keeps my skin feeling moist
the skin would feel moisturized when touched
it left my skin more hydrated than some
flaking skin with the hopes that it would help hydrate
it didn't hydrate either
it makes you feel too dehydrated
the sleep tight firming night balm
my skin felt nourished
moisturized base under your makeup keep looking
it moisturized i guess
it hydrated my combination skin
hydrated like you would expect out of a good moisturizer
it wasn't nearly as hydrating as i needed it to be
kept my skin hydrated in the driest of climates
after a few weeks i can tell that my skin is well moisturized
my skin does feel moisturized
not moisturized especially in winter
bought this for hydration
it works fine to keep the eye area moisturized
it does make my skin feel dehydrated upon application
the first few days seemed to hydrate my combo oily skin
it does not hydrate my skin at all
at the end of the week my skin felt dehydrated
my skin was not left feeling moisturized at all.
my skin felt more hydrated
my skin feels more hydrated
but it does hydrate well.
my skin does not feel hydrated at all.
massaged it in to my skin
it keeps my skin hydrated without me looking like a grease ball at the end of the day
hydrated though did not remove my eye makeup
