it had a funny smell, and a greasy texture.
smells better as i continue to use it
i couldn't keep it on for very long because it smells horrible
the only positive thing was the smell
the smell is not great but doesn't linger around.
the smell of the cream is pleasant
other than the great smell
i hate the smell
your skin does feel nice and it smells good.
the fake coconut smell really ruins it for me
it doesn't even smell like pleasant fake sunscreen or something
works good, smells amazing!
i love the smell of this mask!
smells good at first
then you really smell the alcohol
the smell is very beach-like
it smells amazing and it looks cool.
it smells really good though
it has a neutral smell
by the end of the day it smelled horrible like old spf
i like the smell
this cream doesn't not have a smell so that's nice
i love how this cleanser smells
my biggest complaint is the smell
this not only irritated my sense of smell
it smelled like a creamsicle
don't like the smell of this
scent is not bad, not too overpowering.
the smell is kind of off putting
the smell is not nice.
have not seen a difference, smells great.
i will note that i love the way the product smells
i loved how this product smells
it's like weird cooking oil smell
it smells like dirty cooking oi
first of all, it smelled weird.
i just couldn't get past the awful smell!
i want to at least enjoy the smell
while this scrub smells really nice
i didn't like the smell at all.
it smells nice, but that's about it.
it smells horrible too.
i can't describe the feeling or smell
it smells very good
i love the smell of it
beyond the fact that it smells amazing
nice love the smell
i love the smell
just overpowering in a bad way
it smells very strong like chemicals.
it was making me nauseous.
fyi it smells like their warming cleanser
almost smells like paint.
this smelled wayyyy too strong to leave on your face for 20 minutes
that smell turns me off from it
the smell of this at first really bothered me
wouldn't mind the super strong smell
smelled it i didn't like it
the smell is a little off putting
the scent was so strong it started to make me dizzy
it also smelled awful
the smell is so strong that it is actually unpleasant
just wastes my time and smells weird.
first off: the smell is strong, and unpleasant.
the smell bothered me
the smell wouldn't be an issue next time
the smell is just not good
i expect it to smell amazing
it smells like something is going bad
not fond of the smell either.
this stuff smells nasty if you put too much on
i am like really really sensitive to smell
this smells soooo bad
the smell is horrible
it smells really good
the smell is overtly strong
it doesn't smell nice
there's a chemical smell from whatever is making this into a gel
there is a little smell to it that is kind of chemical smelling
i open it up to find it smelling moldy with a warm feeling
the smell puts me off a bit
the smell is disgusting
the smell lingers for quite some time
i didn't notice a bad smell or a cooling sensation
i do notice a weird smell from it.
when you smell this before putting it on your face it smells like absolutely nothing
the smell is so off putting
after applying for a couple minutes the area will start to have this noticeable odor that's smells like a mix of fish
the smell is so bad i just can't deal with it
it also has a very strange unpleasant smell after sitting on the skin for a few seconds
is it me or it smells really like old milk?
i hate the smell so so bad
most frustrating thing is the smell.
distinct smell once it is applied
it smells kind of like bad breath
after awhile the smell dissipates
i don't even like the smell
it smelled straight like sunscreen
i like the smell of this product
the smell was good
it smells nice though.
i like the smell
i also don't like the smell at all.
i love the smell
it smells like wet dog
just doesn't smell great
received it as a sample and it smells so bad
mine also smelled putrid when i washed my face.
the scent in this isn't bad
has a light smell for the 2 stars
i hated the smell
i love the fresh smell
the smell is wonderful.
smells great but that's it.
the product smells really good
the scent is okay
this stuff smells really good.
really dislike the smell
something in irritates me- the scent is too much for a product that is supposed to be natural
although i noticed it did smell a lot like sunscreen
first off i absolutely love the smell!
the smell was horrendous
the oil smelled lovely the first couple of uses
the smell is wonderful
i could still smell it
i can't get past the smell
if you're any bit sensitive to smell
the smell is so overwhelming
i could not get past the smell
it smelled like wet dog.
& i wasn't a fan of the smell
although there is a somewhat pleasant frangrance at first whiff
this product smelled like it had gone rancid
i love the way how it smells
i initially loved this product because of its smell
the smell nope not for me at first i was like ok it's not a bad scent
now that i'm using it it smells like rotten eggs
as the smell is strong
this stuff smells amazing
it smells like lemon nightmares.
but the smell was just off.
to my nose it smelled like the oil was rancid or gone bad
i couldn't get over the rancid scent
that smells much better
the smell of this oil wasn't pleasant to me
it also smells very light and pleasant.
lack of perfume smell on my face
it is smooth, smells nice, and absorbs quickly.
i do like the scent
while it is a nice smell
love the smell as it is very subtle
this works and smells really good.
the smell is okay- its tolerable
it doesn't smell like roses or anything pleasant that i read from other people's reviews
i also can't stand the smell.
plus the smell is awful!
the smell is really good though!
i love the smell
this smells really nice
however i really didn't like the scent.
the smell is to strong.
i didn't notice a strong smell in the jar
when i put it on my face it was really floral smelling
the smell reminds me of old flowers
i also did not like the scent.
however it has a really weird smell almost grass like
usually i don't mind smells
this grass smell lingers for a while
smelled odd as well
i do like the smell of it
when you first pump it out the smell is unbearable
the awful smell last about 30-40 seconds
smell so much better
this stuff smells sooo strong of chemicals
honestly i love the smell .
this moisturizer smells really good
the smell was very overpowering
smell just had me hating this product
i am really sad about this it smells funny
it does smell really good tho.
another issue, the smell is super strong.
could smell it from the other room
i just couldn't get past the smell of this stuff
the smell did not dissipate
it smells really good
at least it smells good
i didn't particularly like the smell of it
i like the rose smell
one positive is the great smell.
doesnt have any smell or stickyness
the smell is way too strong
wouldn't mind so much of it if the scent was nice
i kind of don't want to smell like how a man can smell
smells nice, a little greasy (??)
the smell is just funky
this new version has an overpowering smell
omg the smell is very strong
i didn't expect the new formula to smell so different
i read all the reviews about how it smells funny
went to the store smelled it and it wasn't bad.
when you smell it out of the jar
you'll notice that funky smell
just couldn't get over the smell
the smell is an awful rotting smell
can't get over the smell
also the smell is terrible!
the first thing i noticed when trying this product for the first time is that it smelled very yeasty
if you are sensitive to perfum-y smells
the smell is much more intense than the old
while it smells ok in the jar
the smell is intense
the smell was overpowering
especially if you're sensitive to smells
this smelled great and was fun to do.
the product smells fresh
also this stuff smells like fruit loops, no joke.
i love the smell!
this product smells great
can't comment on the effectiveness of the product because i couldn't get past the odor
i absolutely love the smell!
i couldn't get used to it i smelled it all day
can't get over the smell
the smell of this serum is like strong
the smell long enough to leave it on
i don't like "smelly" products
this serum smells nice
doesn't even remotely smell of it
first of all, the smell is very off-putting.
it had a really strange smell, sort of like clay.
i cant stomach the smell
i'd rather something smell earthy
smells like bad mens' cologne
the smell is very strong.
some reviewers say they like the scent.
the best way for me to describe the scent is it smells like an old lady perfume
i don't enjoy the smell
the smell or the feel as it goes on
the deal breaker was the smell
this elixir reminds me of the overpowering stench of 7th grade boys drenched in axe body spray as they walk into class
i personally love the way this smells
the scent is really strong and kind of odd.
it doesn't have a bad smell
it's really strong- it's like a men's cologne smell which is weird
it smells like old lady
i don't mind the smell
this smelled so horrible!
the smell isn't that bad
the smell is absolutely horrible
also has a weird acidic smell that i could not get used to
the smell of this wash is awful
although it does smell wonderful
the biggest problem to me is that it smells awful
i also don't like the smell.
my god the smell
the smell still lingered
it smells exactly like stale cigarettes stronger than anything i've smelt since childhood
can't get past the smell unfortunately.
the smell is awful
it smells like stale cigarettes, like an old bar.
figured the smell would subside
i still cannot get used to the smell!
this is the strangest smelling beauty product i've ever used
it smells like an old person's house mixed with 20 years of stale cigarette smoke
two really distinct smells in one terrible face cream
i wouldn't suggest buying before smelling it in store first
it also has a strange smell that reminds me of mcchicken s
artificial smelling that it actually gives me a headache
it also has a funny smell.
the smell is wonderful
i couldn't get over the smell
the smell is too overwhelming for me
i couldn't get past the smell, way too strong.
not a fan of its smell either
also it smells like bug spray.
it smells good and feels good.
it smells nice though...
this smells very good
this product smells good
i really like the smell of it
masculine odor that last several hours after you put it on
smells good, absorbs quickly.
the smell isn't *bad* per say
yes the smell is very strong we know that
the smell is disgusting.
plus the smell is atrocious.
this product has an absolutely terrible scent!
the smell is so terrible
i am not sensitive to smell.
i always roll my eyes that bad reviews due to smell
this product smell so bad and strong!
it has a very nice smell though.
it smells amazing but it's going back.
says it smells great
two cons are the weird smell of the product
too oily and the scent is wayyyy too strong.
positives: cooling, smells nice, fairly gentle
it does smell good
it smelled very nice
smell was nice though.
it does smell good.
i actually like the smell.
giving it two stars because i like the smell
the smell is nice
it's not a bad scent, but not one i love.
this scent didn't bother me
is not enough to overcome the smell
and the lotion doesn't smell great either.
i love the smell
i liked the smell
i liked the smell, but it is strong.
i did smell like oranges
it also has a ridiculously strong smell.
it definitely smells good
personally, i could not get over the smell.
i am not normally sensitive to smells
the glow and smell is incredible!
the smell was horrible!!
smelled on my skin
i can't wear it long because the smell is bad.
while my skin does feel softer after using it the smell is revolting
it has some weird orange smell to it
the smell is a little overwhelming.
with an undertone of something rotten
and the smell is absolutely awful.
the smell is weird but not terrible.
i love the smell of this!
this product smells amazing!
the smell was kinda weird
i hate the smell.
i loved the smell
it smells that good.
this stuff smells amazing i have the one in the nude glow
pros: smells amazing and moisturizes well enough.
i second the fact that the smell is
i actually don't mind skin care that smells weird or medicinal
smells sort of like c
the smell is just so strong
the smell on top of it is horrible.
the smell is fabulous!
it smells really great though; i'll give it that!
smells like a orange push-up
this cleanser is orange and it has an okay smell.
the smell is funky
it smells like glue
simply because of the smell
if anyone is interested: it doesn't have super strong scent
it also smells like glue
3 stars for the strange smell.
i found the smell to be way too much
the smell is down right gross
i absolutely hated the smell
this is super heavy and has a weird smell.
the smell was ok
however i feel like i am applying perfume to my face because the smell is so overwhelming
i am not normally sensitive to smells
its not a bad smell but very perfumey.
this lotion smelled nice
the smell is very strong
i liked the smell though, and the cute dispenser.
the first problem was the overwhelming smell that was just too much for me
the smell isn't my favorite
i don't like the smell
i like how it smells.
couldn't stand the smell.
the strong smell dissipates
i like the way it smells
the smell is odd
first, the smell is awful!
except for the smell
some people probably love this smell
it smells really clean
i tried but couldn't get past the smell.
it smelled line sewage water!
while i'm applying the fumes that smell like alcohol burns my eyes
the smell is just horrible
the smell made me really dizzy
the smell of this is too much to handle.
this product overwhelming smells of alcohol
the smell is terrible
the strong alcohol smell is too much for me
this product has a strong smell
instead of the fresh smell that characterized the other items this smells like a chemical mess
altogether not worth suffering through the terrible smell
the smell is overwhelming
but omg it smells soooo chemically!!!
but the smell makes my eyes water so bad!
if you do not like strong smells
the smell is almost unbearable.
the smell is awful too.
it had a really strong chemical odor as it dried.
the smell of this product was too harsh
it has a terrible alcohol smell that makes your nose flare
the metallic finish is really nice the alcohol smell is terrible
the alcohol smell is just so crazy
i did not experience the smell being overwhelming
the first thing that hits you is the smell of alcohol
this smells like alcohol.
the smell was hash
the fumes were irritating
wasn't amazed by results to make it worth the smell
i felt strong fumes as i was breathing it in
what everyone says about the smell is true.
my eyes always water due to the strong smell.
did not like at all the smell
the smell really is overpowering.
i didn't find the smell overpowering
it's got this weird smell
i just wasn't expecting the smell to be as strong as it was
it is not an unpleasant smell
if you don't like strong smells, stay away.
had such a chemical smell that i can taste it
i also don't love the smell of this product
first impression the smell
i agree it has way too much of a perfume smell
number two is the smell
i don't think it's a natural kind of smell
it's more chemically rosy type smell that i couldn't get used to
the smell was incredibly offensive
then dealing with the smell
i cannot get over the smell
has a strange burning/tingle to it
and i love things that smell.
not a bad smell but strong.
the smell is strong
the thing that really ruins this product for me is the smell
i really can't imagine an instance where i'd want a perfumed smell like that all over my face
the worst part is it smells awfulllllllllllll
the first is that it has a very strong perfume like smell
the scent is nice too
i love the smell of this
the smell is fine
the smell isn't that great
i actually like the scent it has it just can be overpowering sometimes
it's worse than that- it smells like rotten old lady perfume
'm going to use it despite the smell
the smell it has is unbearable
this oil smells so horrible!!!
this stuff smells aweful
it has a very strong unpleasant scent
this product smells amazing
it also smells terrible, and feels thick/oily.
the smell is fine after a few uses you get used to it
most offensive is the smell which puts the martian toner stink to shame
it's a very natural smell
my sense of smell could rival a dog's haha
idk why but it just smells awful.
the smell is a little weird for the first couple minutes
it just smells clean
the smell is disgusting!!!
i love the smell
i wish it worked for me because it smells lovely.
this smells absolutely wonderful
it does smell great but not worth it for me.
this mask smells great
the only missing would be the smell
it really smells amazing
the only pro- the smell is nice
the smell is natural
smells good, but it did nothing.
it has a very refreshing smell
although i loved the smell
obviously this product smells amazing!!
i loved the smell
this product smelled great
sure it smells good
however, the good smell makes up for it.
but it smells great!!!!!!
the smell is pleasant
this stuff smells amazing.
this mask smells amazing
the only enjoyable part was the smell.
the smell is really awful
the smell overpowered me
i just couldn't get over the smell
i could smell it
the smell of this moisturizer is absolutely terrible
the smell is a little strong at first
the smell is bad
the odor is very unusual to me.
the smell is unlike anything i've ever tried
the smell is so horrible
gave me a headache would of gave a 5 if it didnt smell so bad
this has such a strong smell
the smell is too strong
and the smell is nauseating.
the product smells good
it doesn't smell good
it has a smokey smell which isn't my favorite.
the only plus was that it smelled amazing
it felt sticky like honey and smelled nice.
i literally can't keep it on the full 10 minutes because i can't take the stench
the smell is something between rancid bacon grease
smells good and really hydrates
doesn't have much smell.
it made me nauseous
i can't speak to the efficacy of the product because i honestly can't get over the stench
it smells pretty bad in my opinion
the smell is really bad
not because of the slightly sulfurous smell
the smell of the sulfur was so strong
the smell was so overpowering it kept me up at nights
the aroma was very off putting-really didn't enjoy this
i couldn't get past the smell of this product.
it smells like bad cucumbers.
however, the smell was overpowering.
it smells exactly like that
the smell seriously bothered me
how you can smell the ingredients in it
it does smell good
chemical smell that lingers on and on.
i didn't find the scent irritating or too strong.
it is so overpowering.
the scent is pretty strong although it doesn't last
unfortunately it had a very fishy smell
the mask smells pretty nice
leaves a wierd yucky oily feeling when removed
i found the smell
the smell is so strong
it smelled nice but it did not remove my makeup.
this is a nice smelling, well cleansing wash.
the good: -smells wonderful-very gentle on skin
so this product smelled great
this product smells so awful and it lingers.
it smells great, it lathers perfectly.
first, the smell is awful.
has almost no odor at all
nice packaging, smell and consistency.
it does have a very pleasant scent
it smells very natural and light.
i like this moisturizer because it smells good.
the consistency and smell were great.
i loved the way it smelled and applied.
i liked this serum- it smelled great
it needs to have a more pleasant smell.
however, the smell is a turn-off.
something has to be wrong with a product that smells rancid from day one
after 3 months, it started to smell rancid.
am i really the only person that thinks this smells like boot grease?
this one smells rancid
the citrus smell is okay at first
it does smell not great after a week on my shelf
i can't get past the smell
this cream smelled exactly like bathroom cleaner
besides the intolerable smell
the smell was super strong
who normally can't smell even the most rancid odors
i don't like the smell
it reminds me of the smell of an ill very old person
the smell is okay
i loved the smell
i loved the smell
felt greasy and smelled somewhat bad.
it smells awful, feels awful (greasy?
the smell was unpleasant
has no harsh smell
i cannot get past the strong smell
smell that i liked
im not a fan of the smell
what i'm really rating it for is the smell!
it's not off or old, i just hate the smell.
it smells like cheap chemical
the smell is fabulous
also the smell is so strong
the smell is hard to describe
the smell was still too disturbing for me
not only was this cream awful smelling
the scent was too much for me
plus --- the smell is awful.
it smells like old , wet grass.
it really does smell terrible !
it doesn't have the most pleasant smell either
the smell is awful
primary thought: i really hate the smell
can't get past the smell
the smell is not that bad like people complain in the reviews
i didn't like the smell of the product at all
the smell is not pleasant
the smell of the cream is not amazing
it also doesn't smell very good
kind of a weird plant smell
i do not think i have ever used a facial product that smelled so bad
it has a repulsive smell!
it also has a very unpleasant scent.
i can still smell it
the smell is unpleasant
i didn't care for the smell either.
i don't like smelling it throughout the day
i like my moisturizers to either have no scent or smell good
as soon as i opened the bottle it smelled horrible
as soon as i smelled the earthy
the smell is also pretty bad.
i did noticed an alcohol smell in the cream
the first step product smells so bad
it smells so disgusting i never want to go anywhere near it
the scent is just too outrageous
just the most awful smell i ever had using a $140 moisturizer
please cover that smell with something
but the smell seemed kind of funky to me.
the smell is overpowering
it has a weird old cosmetic smell to it
luckily with the oil the smell is really light
this moisturizer feels and smells great.
it smelled like a dirty floor or cardboard
it smells horrible as well.
the smell was overwhelming strong.
the smell isn't bad
the bar is more gentle though still has the strong smell
nice packaging, and it smells phenomenal!
although this didn't have much of a scent
the scent that was noticeable wasn't very good smelling
i really can't get over this smell
i didn't really love the smell of this nor the product
the oil smelled rancid
i did like the smell
both products smell nice, though!
this has a very weird smell.
the mask does not smell like matcha at all！it smells terrible…
the smell was unbearable
the way the mask smells
this stuff was on another level of bad smells
the smell of this was so terrible.
i couldn't get passed the smell
the smell was horrible
the plus is that the smell is nice
the smell is horrible
this product above all had a nauseating smell.
you will know what this smell is
the smell is quite unappealing
this has a funny smell
didn't even smell good
the smell of honey was overwhelming for me
this product is super greasy and smells terrible.
i can't describe the smell
it doesn't smell like honey or anything sweet
it smells kind of musty.
the smell is horrendous
the smell is unbearable i had to wash it off.
this also has a weird smell.
the smell i had to return it
it had a nice clean smell too.
smells nice until it gets near the bottom.
the smell is a little weird too.
it absorbs well, & i kinda liked the smell.
smell was really strong
the smell is the reason for the 3.
the smell gets to me though
it's a very strange kind of artificial plastic like smell?
it smells like public restroom soap
the smell is an issue for me as i dislike it very much
the smell is horrible and it's very sticky.
it smells so bad!!!
it probably is great because it smells great
it does smell nice
the smell is minimal
i just can't get over the smell
because i think it smells like the soap they have in public restrooms
i just thought it would smell a lot more like coconut
he said it smells like gas station bathroom soap
the only great thing about this product was the smell
i really like the smell
i love the smell
i loved the smell of the product
after that i returned it, has a nice smell though
i like the smell
it smells really nice
the scent makes me nauseous
it works well but the smell is a little much
i only gave it 2 stars because it smelled great.
i can't say it smells like coconut either.
the smell isn't bad
the smell was also very much like perfume.
it smells quite good.
the scent is not bad
i just don't want to smell my face
pros - i like the smell.
the smell is so overpowering though and lingers.
i still couldn't deal with the smell
it didn't have a bad scent.
smells like nothing too
it didn't have a strong smell which i appreciated
didn't like the smell
while i liked the smell of this lotion
it has a strong smell
smells like it too
also kinda werid that i can actually smells the sunscreen
this smells so bad like sunscreen
i hate that smell
i actually like the smell
this product smells so awful, it's nauseating.
i can't get past the smell
there's no good smell to it even though there's frgrance in the ingredients
i don't like the smell
cons-smells like bad body odor
i really like the smell and texture of the cream.
i personally liked the scent
i did not agree with the smell
it was way too overpowering for my taste
reeks of an artificial orange room spray that makes me nauseous
smells good tho and hydrates.
while this product smells wonderful
i like the smell
i initially picked up a sample of this because it literally smells so divine
it made my skin bright and it smelled so good.
i love the smell
the smell is nice
the smell is super strong as well.
i love the smell
the smell is over the top.
pros-smells great, nice texture.
the smell does linger
i like the smell and the feel of this cleanser.
the product also has an unpleasant smell
also it smells like an old lady.
kind of smells like my gr
it was too strong for my taste
the smell is amazing
the positives are that it smells clean
this had a mentholy type of smell
because the smell is right up my alley
i did love the smell
smells maybe a bit to earthy
i love the smell
the smell is super overpowering
you do not smell the scent throughout the day
i loved the way it smelled
the smell did over power my senses a bit
the smell is not great
i like the smell and the consistency.
it smells really strong
they have a great scent
i liked how light it was and it smelled amazing.
the smell is really yucky though.
the way this product smells bothered me a lot
it smells seriously gross
although the smell is nice
i liked the fresh smell
s smell pretty bad
that smell wouldn't wash off for a few hours
yes beware of the smell
but the smell is soo terrible!
something about it makes me nauseous.
the smell is absolutely terrible.
and i hated the smell!
and it smells like it too!
it does smell good
the smell is amazing
the smell is definitely irritating to me a bit
however, it does smell pretty amazing!
the only think i liked about it was the smell
it smelled like oranges
the smell is awful
the oil itself smells like nasty cooking oil.
the hype about this oil it smells sooo disgusting
smells like old cooking oil.
now the oil smells like pungent chemicals
this oil started to smell rancid already which is super annoying
smelled like cooking oil.
i also didn't like the smell at first
essentially it's just oil that smells good.
the smell is pleasant but the gold is worthless!
the smell goes away in 2 weeks
smells like cooking oil
product smells great though.
it does smell nice
it smelled so luxurious
it smelled stale it also didn't soak in to my skin anymore
it has a weird scent that i couldn't use.
but overall i just love the smell the most.
but again the smell is amazing and it's pretty.
my bf loves the smell too
the smell is divine
it smells amazing though!
it helped my skin a lot i love the smell
mine doesn't smell sweet it smells like chemicals
i love sweet smells
* it smells amazing
plus the smell is disgusting.
smelled like candy felt like water.
the smell is really strong
the smell is manageable.
the smell also stays all day.
the only pro is it smelled good
it smelt so strongly
it isn't a bad smell
yes, the smell is amazing.
the smell is really nice
the product smells amazing
and it does smell amazing!
i loved the smell of the serum
the only pro on this product is the smell.
it is not a bad smell just think it would be an irritant to some
smell is too much
it smells like baby wipes which i'm not thrilled about
it smells kinda nice
i don't like the smell
additionally i hated the smell.
the smell really got to me
it smelled as though i sprayed miss dior all over my face
which didn't bother me it smelled really good
the smell is obviously very artificial
i couldn't use it because of the smell
it did smell amazing
first, it smells weird.
2 stars because the smell is light and lovely.
also hated the smell.
the smell isn't that great
this product smelled great
it also smells amazing!
it gets two stars for the amazing smell
i think it smells horrible.
so that masks the smell some
smells really nasty and it gave me a headache.
the fact that it has no scent that i can detect
the beste jelly smelled horrible
there is no scent to this
the smell is pretty bad
it doesn't have much of a scent, which is nice.
like my cleansers to smell good
this has no smell
good texture and smells fresh.
loved the smell of the cleanser.
the only thing it did was smell nice.
the only two good things were that it smelled good
this cleanser smells kind of weird
it's the smell that i hate
smells great, feels great, looks.
i should have known when i smelled the scent
i enjoy the smell
the smell was so terrible
smells too bad with not enough result.
the reason behind the 3 stars is how awful the smell is
i could not get past the god awful smell.
it smells like a dirty gr
it actually made me nauseous.
this mask really stinks
the smell is horrifying i couldn't even leave it on my face because it started giving me a headache
before i had to wash it off from feeling nauseous from the gasoline/chemical smell
the most disgusting-smelled thing i ever put on my face
i actually quite enjoy the aroma.
i can't literally put this on my face again because it smells terrible
it smells super gross.
the smell of this product is terrible
i even like the smell that some people dislike
smell is not that great
i find the smell unpleasant
the smell isn't that great either.
the smell is awful
if it smelled better i would give more stars.
its not a bad smell if you like smelling like skittles
it smells really good tho
this moisturizer smells very good
it does smell legit amazing
still smells so good though
although it smells nice it just felt like i placed grease on my face
i love the smell
the smell is the only pleasure you'll get out of it
the smell is nice
smells like you can eat it though.
it does really smell like watermelon though :)
it smells/has the consistency of that
oh god the smell
the smell turns into a chemical mess.
first the smell is weird
an artificial smell that is hard to describe
the smell is so awful
it has a bit of a smell to it
it has a strong laundry soap odor that smells very clean
also the smell isn't very nice which is another downside
smell didn't bother me
the smell was awful
the smell isn't the greatest
i also didn't care for the smell.
this product smells absolutely terrible
also the smell is pretty bad
if i can bare the smell
this just smelled like a strange cleaning product
or something awkward smelling
with that smell its not worth it
you can't stop smelling it once you put it on.
it's too thick and the scent is awful.
initially i loved the smell
it's all you smell all day
the light smell is not at all overwhelming
the only thing i didn't like about it is the smell
i would like to say that i love the smell of this product
it smelled nice, and it felt nice going on.
and it oddly smells like nair.
they all agree it smells horrible
it smelled the same
the mask has a nasty smell
the smell is tolerable
does smell a lot like sunscreen
it does have a nice smell
the product smells amazing.
i give it a three because of the smell
it smells really nice
the smell is light
the product smelled great
i think the product smells wonderful
it smells amazing however it was very heavy feeling in my face
the scent was too strong for me
it smells very nice
he said it smells like old lady
the smell was pleasant
it smells pretty bad for an expensive "natural" serum
i wasn't bothered by the smell
doesn't smell too strong
personally i couldn't get past the cucumber smell
i really like the smell.
the only reason i'm not returning it is the great smell
the one thing i'm not too fond of is the smell.
however, the smell of this product is atrocious.
it literally smells like you're rubbing rotten eggs on your skin
i just can't get over the smell.
it was a disgusting feeling
i found the formula to have an unpleasant odor
this had a smell i just cldn't st
the smell is just heavenly
i love the smell of pure truth
smell is so personal, but skin is forever.
also i have to say the smell it's too strong.
while it smells divine
i love their smells
sad because the smell is ahhmazing.
the smell is pleasant but a bit over powering.
i loved the smell
it smelled very strong...a creamscicle.
the scent was just too much
at which point i knew it was time to say goodbye to this delicious smelling cleanser :
this one was awesome for the smell part.
the product smells nice
sure it smells good
the smell is wonderful.
i like the smell
i will not be buying again :/ it does smell nice
the smell is not that great
the smell was overpowering
it smells terrible to me
the smell isn't super strong
the smell wasnt pleasant at all
smells and feels nice, though.
on top of that, it smells a bit chemically.
this serum smells great
this was a bit too oily for my taste
the smell of this serum is overwhelming.
despite the overwhelming smell
gave 2 stars because it smells great
i loved the smell but would probably not purchase
i gave an extra star because it smells fun
make my skin smell like oranges
the smell is way too strong!!
the smell was unappealing for a cream
the smell was strange
the smell is there it is not strong it does not smell bad
it does not smell good it is different you can not smell it only when you applying idk it does not smell like the soy face creme which i enjoy the smell of or the soy cleanser
i enjoy the light natural smell
greasy fatty rancid-smelling c
smells like it too
i could barely sleep because of the smell
literally smells like a mix of wet dog
i washed my face still could not get the stench away
even sprayed my face with perfume could not get rid of the smell
greasy and smells absolutely horrible!
this smells so bad.
i got a headache from the smell.
this smells like stale, dirty dishwater.
it doesn't smell good
i can't get past the smell
the smell did not bother me
there was an awful scent that came with it
the smell was horrible, but i got over it.
smells terrible, but works okay.
could not get past the smell.
it smells like old, dirty water.
it smells like wet dog
the smell does not go away
the smell is such a unique
nothing special, and the smell...ugh.
the smell is just so bad
it smells like an orange
it smells like stink.
however, i cannot get past the smell.
the smell lingers all day and doesn't go away.
can't even describe what it smells similar to
if it were not for the smell
i cannot take the smell.
it smells absolutely horrible.
powered through the smell
the stink is so overwhelming
the smell is so bad i can't think straight all i can do is focus on the stench on my face
the smell is awful
it smells so awful
i just couldn't get over the smell
can't stand the smell :/
omg the smell of it is awful!!!
the smell of this product :
didn't mind it's weird smell either
it sure smells the same
lets just say that this smells so bad
i cant get past the smell.
the smell is very strong
it does not smell good at all
now it smells bad.
the odor or the consistency any more
i would not suggest this to anyone with a sense of smell
the smell is literally making me ill
i know that it smells much better
it has a strong scent that smells gross
the smell of this was awful
it smells something awful
however the smell is pretty terrible
the way it smelled anymore
the smell is just too strong for me
the smell lingers for hours blah
i found that it had a strong chemical smell which made it very unpleasant to use
it smells so bad though.
was stunned by the awful smell
hope in a jar used to have such a nice clean smell
the smell was making me feel ill.
i can't describe what this smells like
it smells really terrible
the smell is not terrible
personally, i can't stand the smell.
the combination of the other stuff makes it smell weird
the smells really not that bad
the product smells bad and is very irritative.
when i apply it this is all i can smell
the smell is terrible
if you can live with the smell
it is hard to pass off the smell
i didn't mind the smell either.
this product smells terrible.
i couldn't tolerate the smell
within minutes i had a headache from the strong smell
it's a light cream with no noticeable smell
it is not overpowering.
this product smells and feels nice.
it smells good and is lightweight and that's all.
it has an annoying smell the bar version does not have
i like that it has little to no scent
i can say that the scent is nice
i generally love the smell of caudalie products
the product smells nice
in addition, the smell is so strong.
the product smelled like old oil
i don't like the smell
it's kind of greasy and i don't like the smell.
this new formula has a funny smell.
add to that an extremely unpleasant odor.
it has an odor to it
it also smelled like an expired product.
specifically the funky smell
did not love the smell or film it left on my skin
new one smells odd
it didn't stink though so that was nice.
the only good thing about this product was the smell
the smell is overwhelming
it does smell wonderful
that's about it smells like sunscreen
the scent is pretty strong, smells like roses.
smell is a bit overwhelming for me.
i at first thought this was a rose smelling h
i did not love the smell.
it has a spring is here type smell that makes me think of allergies
the smell isn't too strong for me.
it has a pretty strong smell which i didn't like
i like the smell of roses
although the smell is great
i love the smell
the smell is extremely strong
it did not smell pleasant either
there was a rather strong chemical-y smell to this that made me terrified to get it in my eyes
the smell was nice
the smell on this one is off-putting.
it's very drying and doesn't even smell great.
everyday cleanser with a pleasant smell
and it smells like that too!
other reviews said the smell was "light
i know how it tastes
weird smell that freaks me out.
i also hate the smell.
the smell is horrid
the smell is nice
the smell was not very appealing
the smell of this is quite unpleasant
i couldnt get passed the smell
once i got past the smell
also the smell isn't too great
the smell is great but i wouldn't recommend this.
it actually smells like vitamin a should smell
the smell is a weird smell.. like an old cupcake.
it smells odd too.
besides the funky odor
it just smelled weird
it smelled seriously funky
did i mention that it smells like plaster?
it also smells ashy
i really hate the strong smell of it
not smell while i wash my face
the smell of too overwhelming for me
sadly i will never know as i couldnt get past the stench of it
this wash i found to have a nice smell
however the smell is horrid
the smell was horrible
i do not personally like the smell of it
the smell is okay.
one last thing: the smell is penetrating
first i have to say i love the light fresh smell.
i love the smell
the smell is quite nice
it made me nauseous
while the smell was lovely
although i love the smell
this lotion smells great.
it also smells odd.
i love the smell of this mosturizer
the smell is delicious
first off, this smells amazing!
s since it smells so nice
has the fabulous glamglow smell
it smelled so strong like i put scented body lotion all over my face
it does smell delicious
which is a shame since it smells amazing
it smells delicious though.
it does smell amazing
this product smelled and felt great going on.
very strong scent, you get used to it though.
however the smell is really nice
smell is not pleasant
smells nice at least.
the only thing i like is the smell
but it smells great!
if you like the scent
i cannot get over the smell though
rich, depuffing, smelled like roses!
it does have strong smell like granny type
the first thing i noticed was the strong scent coming from it
this smell will do it
i dont really like the smell ethier
i love the smell and feel of this balm.
the smell also isn't very pleasant.
i wasn't a fan of how it smelled either.
i like the smell :
the smell is unbearable the consistence is too thick to blend on my face
i think the smell was tolerable
this cream not only smelled pretty bad
the product also smells horrible.
this product also smells terrible
really liked the smell
the smell is horrendous!
the smell everyone talks about
it kind of smells like christmas
i hate them even more when they smell weird
the scent was atrocious to me.
it smelled like weird chemicals
when i first put this on i noticed a strong smell
i can't stand the smell.
also, the smell is strong.
t smelled like baby powder which i don't care to smell all day
smells like old lady
it has a weird powdery smell
could not get past smell
wanted to know what smelled so bad
it smells really good
the daytime version smells pretty
this night moisturizer has a terrible smell
and i couldn't take the smell.
and my boyfriend also didn't like the smell.
i like the smell
i don't know what that scent is, but yuck!
smells good, makes my face look oily
a really overpowering sunscreen smell
but the worst thing is the smell.
the more you smell it the worse it gets
it smells like an orange air freshener mixed with dirty motel smell
it's a decent product that has a terrible smell.
on the plus side, it smells great.
the smell is strange
so the smell would probably be even stronger to a non-smoker
because i loved the orange smell
i could not get over the smell
this cleanser smells good
the smell was energizing
mentioned that he did not like the smell
it is scentless, the sample smelled great.
the tester had an undesirable smell
that if there is a smell
definitely noticed the smell
smells like some type oil or something
does not smell that great
the smell is very strong
the smell isn't my favorite
it's light but you smell it the whole time.
the smell is wonderful
the scent bothered me
the smell was so strong
the smell is strong
1 star for great smell
also, the smell is a little stronger to me.
this gel mask smells really good
it had a nice smell
besides that this product has a bad smell.
also the smell is a bit eh.
has an odd smell
i love the smell
the smell is kind of strange.
the only thing i liked about this was the smell .
if the smell/odor of this cream were better i would have kept it
i did not like the smell of this product it smelled like gr
first off, it smelled awful.
i saw some reviews about people not liking the smell
i don't have the best sense of smell
the smell is too much for me
there was also something about the smell that was slightly rancid
the smell was something i'd never associate with a skin product
i loved the smell
because it's smell is strong
it also has a horrible smell.
it smelled so bad to me that i didn't want it on my face
he said this one is strong smell of alcohol
but i did like the smell
it has no smell initially
it smells like rubber
horrible horrible scent for a non-scented product
the first thing that stood out to me was how much the lotion smelled like petroleum
try something a little lighter that doesn't smell
smells so good though
if u like rose smells like me
this mask smells great
i like the smell of this product.
the smell is a bit much.
if the smell isn't too overwhelming
also it smell is bad.
the scent just really bothers me
the smell is awful
i love the smell
i love the way this mask smells!
the smell is nice; i'll give it that.
i can hardly stand the smell.
nothing i have that is rose smells this bad.
i love the smell
it smells pretty good
other than smelling good
the smell reminds me of a baby product such as baby wipes
i wasn't a fan of the smell.
reminds me of a more mature clean smell
i actually enjoyed the smell
it does smell wonderful
didn't think the scent would be so overwhelming
the scent is disgusting
i absolutely hate the smell
it smells really really bad
the smell tends to linger
it smells really nice, subtle and fresh.
i think it smells nice
also, the smell takes getting used to.
this product is very gentle and smells good.
smells great and very gentle on my skin.
first of all, i find the smell to be horrible.
the smell is nice and cucumbery though.
i also hate the smell of it
it smells like chlorine
it smells like oil
firstly, it has a very chemically smell.
i did not like the ingredient list or smell.
however it smells very strongly of citrus cleaning products making it extremely unpleasant to apply
the smell is also strong and gave me a headache.
the smell is not bad
has a cleaning supply smell
has a weird chemical smell
it just made my face smell bad
the smell is awful
t stuff has a very strong medicinal smell
i really can't get over the medicinal smell of this product
the good thing about this is that there's no smell
only 1 star because it smells nice.
this product is disgusting.
it smells great, it is light and does the job.
it smelt really nice though
the product smells nice
most smelled really nice
it had a nice texture and smelled gorgeous.
the scent is only okay
at least it smells nice.
it also has a very strong smell that lasts all day
i love the smell of the sleeping facial
it kind of smells like chemicals
i love the smell of rose
it sounds wonderful for your skin
the smell was pretty intense
the smell was so bad i could not take it
the smell is horrible
the smell is pleasant
i love the smell of this product
it did smooth my skin and didn't smell weird.
i love the smell
the smell was really nice too
it smells good too
i don't like the smell or consistency
the smell is a little strong for my tastes
i can still smell it
it smells like second h
the other problem i had was the scent.
the smell was just too much for me
dosent smell good dosen't absorbs quickly
the smell of spf can become unbearable as it lingers throughout the day
it doesnt seem to have a smell either
some people have commented on the smell
i think it smells really luxurious
just couldn't get past the smell
the smell is why i give this moisturiser 1 star
there was no smell.
didn't have a smell so that was good
don't like the smell
because i think the new smell is just awful
it smells kind of perfumy.
has a peculiar smell that seems to linger through out the day
the smell is too strong as well, too perfumey.
has a fairly heavy perfumey smell which i personally hate
thought the smell was too powdery
it smelled like old lady perfume to me
love the smell and texture.
this product smells very nice
but i like the smell, it's not too strong.
i don't really like the smell
it does smell nice
this smells nice and absorbs quick.
the smell is pretty strong, but not awful.
this product smells great
this cleanser smells great
it smells so pretty
the scent was ok
the smell is great
the smell is not pleasant also.
also the smell is unpleasant and very chemically.
the product itself smells great
this cleanser smells nice
the cleanser itself smells a bit odd
i did not like the smell
it smelled awful and had the texture of spit.
unfortunately there was a very strong odor that seemed to linger
on a good note it smells nice
it sure does stink
the smell was too much for me
i likes how it smells
i love the smell but that is all that i can say.
i find the smell a bit off putting
the cream is absorbed well and smells pleasant.
i actually like the scent a lot
i didn't like the smell of this mask--it was subtle
i could still smell it
couldn't tell if it smelled awful because i was sold an old tube
the smell is also not desirable.
i could not get past the smell of this product.
it honestly smells like stinky feet
first, the smell is awful.
this product has a strong medicine smell.
it also has a faint fishy odor.
i loved the way it smelled and felt on my skin.
sure it didn't smell like oranges
the formula also smells different.
the smell was hard to get used to
when i first starting washing my face the smell from this wash was horrible
it has a very chemical smell that i was not expecting
if you can tolerate the smell this product is great
they all stink to me
you get this really strong whiff of chemicals
it almost smells like what it would smell like if chemicals could go bad
for one, couldn't stand the smell.
it has an interesting smell
don't like the smell
it also has a horrendous smell that i cannot st
it also smells like old cucumbers to me.
it has a really nice scent
also the smell did bother me a bit.
it smells pretty good though ...
on top of that the smell is a little like potpourri
the smell is nice
the smell is nice
had bad odor and skin did not feel moist.
the only thing is that it smells pretty odd
it smells like wet b
this product has made my brush head smell terrible
i kinda hate the smell of this product.
is easy to apply with no unpleasant textures or odors
i like this one a little better since it doesn't smell like sulfer
it also has a glue like smell to it which i didn't find pleasant
you can taste it
has a really strong smell
i loved the smell
did not smell terrible
i do enjoy the smell.
not greasy or heavy and has pleasant odor.
the smaller size jar i had purchased smelled sweeter
this has a bit of a bitter smell
because of the smell it's not as refreshing to put on
not even any type of nice scent
this soap bar does also have a strange smell.
this stuff smells great and makes my skin soft.
it has a pleasant smell
i would have liked it if it smelled better.
i couldn't stand the odor so i had to return it.
not to mention the awful smell.
the smell is rather strong
it didn't burn or smell bad so i'll give it that.
it smells nice but doesn't do much
it smelled so bad
smelled like old fat
it has a nice orange smell
the smell was so horrendous that i thought the product had gone bad
the smell was so nauseating that i had to wash it off
it smells like oranges which is nice
because i love the smell
the smell it leaves on your h
it has a nice texture goes on smooth no smell
the smell is pretty good, i like it!
the smell was fine
it smelled amazing and had a great texture.
the smell was awful
all i could smell was roses
half of me says i always want my face to smell of roses
you wouldn't know that by the smell
the second isssue i have with it is the smell.
the smell is overwhelmingly strong
it's not a bad smell
very light texture but funny smell.
i love the smell
i am not particularly sensitive to smells
all i could smell was my face cream
the smell is unpleasant
i usually like the smell of roses
ma's smell which made me nauseous
not a fan of the smell.
the smell gave me a headache almost immediately.
it's like rotten roses and very overpowering.
the only thing that sticks out to me is the smell
it smells like a c
all i can smell is rotting weeds
i also did not like the rose smell.
тhis was a very pleasant smelling moisturizer.
smell isn't so nice either.
it has a strong smell, but that didn't bother me.
smells like baby powder - yuck!
i also could not stand the smell.
all of a sudden it has a terrible odor
smell never goes away-not a fan.
notice that it smells different than it used too
it used to smell kind of like baby powder
have gotten used to the fishy smell of certain creams
can tolerate the smell
now it honestly reeks of stinky sewage.
(not fishy-but disgusting!)
the fish smell of other products are nothing compared to this awful stench
left my skin very dry and it had a strange smell.
a few weeks into using it it started to smell like rotten fish
this stuff smells like baby powder.
that smells like fish
the smell is just horrific
this one doesn't smell too good
it almost has a fishy smell to me.
like other reviews it has a great citrus smell
doesn't smell particularly amazing
it does have a unusual smell
it almost smells like fish!!
not to mention the horrific smell.
the fishy smell was impossible for me to overcome
behind the nice scent is another unpleasant odor
if you can get past the fishy smell of perricone md products you will like this
this stuff smells awful!
this product smells like flowers when you smell it from the bottle
it stinks like spoiled fish
i love the smell
the smell is awesome
it smells good but was too drying.
i did not like the scent.
the smell sweet and do decent job.
it smells amazing, and my friends rave about it.
first, the smell is like being in an orange.
i loved the smell
it has an awful scent
it smells almost like a bug spray that i have used in the past
i could not bear the smell
i liked the smell
has such a strong smell of roses that seems like it should upset your skin
the worst part is the absolutely horrid flower smell that reminds me of gr
i like that there's no odor or fragrance
the scent is not great.
the texture is good but the smell is sooo strong.
strange smell ruins the product for me
smells so bad and so strong!
it smells like weeds.
it has an off mosquito spray smell that is not pleasant
i like the smell its really nice
other that it does have a nice smell
it has a really annoying smell that lingers all day long
to me the smell is fine
but,i can't get past the smell!
it's like a really strong chemical odor.
its a terrible smell for me that makes me not want to use it
smelling it first before purchase
could smell it the entire time i used it.
it's not a bad smell
it doesn't smell nice either.
it smelled fairly bad
this does not smell like black tea.
i don't like the smell of it.
reminds me of smelly feet.
the odor is a little off setting
i can't get passed how bad it smells
it starts off mildly cucumbery then starts smelling rotten
the smell was nice.
hate the stale tea smell.
the smell wasn't great
this cream smells lovely, but it is very heavy.
i could get past the smell
it smells lovely, though.
this has the strangest smell
or the worse part about it, the smell!
i love the smell
it is one of the nicest smelling products i've ever tried
it is the smell that is horrible
it smells wonderful and feels great.
i think it smells terribly
didn't like the smell
it has a soft pleasant smell
the smell was way too strong for me
i am somewhat sensitive to smells
smell is really good
this has very funny smell, which bothered me.
the product smells strong of alcohol
it is now thick and sticky with an odor.
my main qualm is the smell, though.
it doesn't really have a scent
it does absorb quickly however and smells fine.
couldn't smell anything over
i can't believe how bad it smells
it is somewhat drying and has a strange smells.
but the smell....the smell is awful.
when i first smelled it, i couldn't handle it.
almost smells like a pimms cup gone bad
the smell just doesn't agree with me at all.
however i am not crazy about the scent
still can smell it
but the smell is so bad, i almost can't stand it.
i mean it smells bad
cleanser is fine and i actually like the smell.
the smell is not pleasant and is too strong.
it smells sooooo bad, like dead mildewed fruit.
however, it smells really good.
the smell is way too strong
the smell is positively delightful.
if you like that kind of smell
the smell is a little weird
the smell was so foul
even smells like school glue
it looks, smells, and feels like elmer's glue.
the smell is nauseating
the consistency and smell was bad.
smells and feels like glue.
if the smell were more fragrant or did not smell at all
it smells like sunscreen, not that i cared.
it smells just like spf
i love the smell
i didn't like the cotton like smell
i also did not like the product's scent.
the smell is also overpowering.
the smell is very powerful
a star is given because it smells nice
it does have a slight smell that irritates my eyes
the smell is different
the smell is not pleasant
at first it smells fresh
it smells like chemicals
i dislike the smell
i don't like the smell
everybody hates that after tan smell
love the package as well as smell
this product have a really werid unpleasant smell upon application
this one is not a good smell at all
smells lovely and left my skin feeling amazing.
i wasn't a huge fan of the smell
this one smells nice, but just doesn't cut it.
i gave this 3 stars because it smells good
i also didn't like the smell.
love the smell, but i'm disappointed.
this cleanser smelled fresh
it smells wonderful though... too bad.
it had a nice scent
didn't have a strong smell.
don't like the smell at all
smells like bad citrus
the product smells great
it smells great and cleans well.
strange smell to this lotion
the scent does not smell that great.
it smells like mildew and mothballs!
the smell is horrible
it smells like burnt plastic mothballs.
i noticed that it had started to smell like mothballs after a month
it smelled really bad too!
it does smell nice
this smells like old musty, wet clothes.
i am going to be smelling this all day!
i do not like the smell at all
it has a slight wierd smell
it was a nauseating smell that lingered for over an hour on your face
the smell was just horrible
i didn't have high expectations from the smell because it says "goat milk"
smelled somewhat like household cleaner
it smells like window cleaner
the smell used to be lovely
the smell is ok.
it smelled like expired lanolin or rancid crisco if you're familiar with either of those scents
it smells really bad to the point i had to wash it off immediately
first of all the smell is not great in my opinion
it smells like chemicals
i hated the smell though!
immediately noticed a different smell
needless to say i don't like the smell
however the smell is very strong to me
i smelled this one in the store
the product foams well, smells nice.
to me is smells great.
it doesn't have an offensive smell
the smell was horrendous
i love the smell
it's one of the better smelling oils i've used.
i just can't get past the strong smell
i love the product and the smell though.
the smell of this really irritated my skin
the smell is just too much for my nose
however the smell is awful it is like washing your face with perfume
it smells nice though.
i really disliked the taste
not only does it smell bad
the first thing i noticed was the smell.
it smells like an old, stale perfume.
good thing is, the smell doesn't linger.
deal with the smell again
it has a super strong smell like a mans cologne which i actually didn't mind because it sorta smelled like my husb
the smell does wear off
the smell, oh my god, the smell.
it was so rancid.
it was like a stench from a foul, putrid perfume.
i tried to ignore the stench but i coudn't.
the smell of my own face again
what an extreme disappointment because i think without that foul smelling
however, i just can't stand the awful smell.
the smell doesn't fade either
personally i love the smell of their product
i liked the smell and wanted it work.
like everybody else said, the smell is terrible.
the smell is somewhat nice
-the smell is very herbal almost fishy
has a distinct fishy smell
and smelled the fragrance was too strong.
the smell is nice
even a coworker could smell it on me.
can not walk around smelling of dead fish
a lot of people complain about the smell
because i could not tolerate the smell
also, this product really stinks!
it stinks like stinky stinky fish.
smells not so great...unless you like fish.
i dont want any part of my body smelling like fish
i just don't like the scent in general
even if it smelled like heaven
it does have a perfumey smell
the good points: i like the smell
i don't want my face smelling like an old lady
the smell was so strong
it smells like old lady perfume, yuck!
the worst part is the smell.
chemical smell that lingers on you face
not something you want to smell all day.
just couldn't get over the strong scent
however the scent was just too strong for my taste
korres products as there's no lingering smells that compete with my perfume
didn't get a chance because of the chemical smell
i still had an awful chemical taste
i gave it 2 stars because i did like the way it smelled
they are notoriously awful smelling
big babies complaining about the smell
after putting this on the smell was instantly unbearable
even then there was a lingering fish smell
this smell would not be worth the smell!
it smells like decaying fish.
the smell isn't necessarily pleasant
the smell is a bit of a hurdle
couldn't believe there would be a skincare product that smelled this awful
le having that stench on my face every day
as many other reviewers mentioned i also thought the smell of this plasma was pretty nasty/unpleasant
it smelled like bad fish or something.
have such an offensive odor
when reviewer say this smells awful they are not kidding
at first it just smelled.
i would definitely suggest trying a sample first due to aroma
to everyone offended by the smell
seems to lessen the odor
it does help with the smell
the smell really does follow ya everywhere.
the smell is terrible though.
still gag if i catch a whiff
someone said it smells like envelope glue tastes
this would get 4 to 5 stars if not for the smell.
terrible smell, i would describe as metalic.
supple however the overwhelming smell is why i would not recommend
was giving off a weird odor
i couldn't quite place what the smell was
the smell is still lingering
the smell is so powerful
this product smells horrible
the smell is horrible!
i am not particularly sensitive to smell
believe the reviews that describe the smell as fishy
i can't handle wet dog smell.
opened it immediately to see if all the claims for "fishy smell" were true
this product definitely has an unpleasant scent
i find it to be a sour/yeasty smell.
won't purchase it because the smell bothers me too much
the smell lingered that i had to wash my face.
if you are someone who is sensitive to smells
i gave it to my friend who doesn't mind the smell
the smell is horrible!
this smells absolutely horrible
i just can't get over how awful it smells
i can't get past the strong fishy smell
the smell is horrible.
it has a fishy smell.
it smells gosh awful.
i wish this did not smell so strongly of fish oil
i tried it twice and the smell was just so bad.
hopefully they change the smell
that i would get used to the odor
i just couldn't get past the smell
i has a very strong fish smell.
the awful fish smell was the deal breaker for me
make is smell somewhat pleasant
could not get over smell!
the only issue is the smell.
the smell is beyond awful!
the smell doesn't seem to be going away?
i guess skin quality is more important than smell
this is the worst smelling product i have ever used
it smells like rotten meat.
it smelled that bad
the smell made me gag so much
the smell was so fishy my gag reflex kicked in immediately :
the smell is so bad that no matter what this product offers
and it smells weird, kind of chemically.
my face feels great but the smell is awful!
the smell is unbearable
i could still smell it
if you can get passed the smell
to me the smell was nauseating
immediately i was put off by the fishy smell.
it smells strongly of fish.
i saw other reviewers complain of the smell
smells like rotten fish
too bad i never found out how great a product it was because it smelled soo bad
if it didn't smell sooo awful
the smell makes this product impossible to use
the smell was very difficult to get rid off
you'll be smelling it all day long
however, the smell is awful!
the smell is so disgusting that i started gagging immediately
has a very unpleasant smell.
could not use it because it smelled just horrible
it's definitely not the greatest smell
the smell is just horrible
it smells like fish oil
this is the worst smell ever!
this doesn't!what i don't like is the smell.
to me it smells very sun-screeny but tolerable.
the real problem for me is the smell.
the smell is horrible.
if you're not sensitive to smell
first things first--this stuff smells awful.
it is very off-putting taking something that smells so rancid
the only thing wrong with this product is the horrendous smell
it smells like spoiled oil or something.
if you can get over the smell
i couldn't get past the weird smell
the smell is horrible
it smells strongly like medicine
i smelled it in the store since i had heard so many reviewers say it was so bad
some others have said it smells like baby spit up
it definitely smells like baby spit up
the smell is just terrible it smells like baby puke
luckily the toner i use has a strong good smelling scent
i would never buy a full size of this because the smell was absolutely putrid
cringe the minute i smell it
none of the other smell like this
it smell weird like an old scent even if it's new
i just could not get over the smell
to me, it smelled like some weird kind of rubber.
this smells so awful it truly amazed me.
it just smelled completely terrible
the soap smell is super strong too.
it has no smell
the only downside is the smell
i mean it says no scent
for some reason smells like expired milk or something
it foams up which is nice and smells okay.
smells kinda like sunscreen to me
but i couldn't even get past the smell.
it smells so bad that i was gagging.
it smelled so much like mixed chemicals that i couldn't take it
i could still smell it
if you don't like the chemical smell don't get this
i didn't love the smell
it really smells awful
smelled like old dust
my even bigger gripe is that this stuff smells
i would describe it as an old dust smell.
smell it too or not at all
the smell is unsettling
it smells so bad
the sulfur smell is a bit overwhelming
the smell is awful
once you smell it
the only thing i dislike about it is the sulfur smell that is has
also, the smell is awful.
it smells like a firework that was put out.
the smell was horrible too.
it has a bit of a harsh smell
first of all it has a horrible sulfuric smell
i smelled a sulfur smell when using it
the smell of the product is kind of odd
it smells absolutely horrible
still smelled like sulfur
i do love the way it smells.
the smell of this product is definitely nothing to swoon over for
it has a slight medicine smell
i loved it the smell
the smell is not my type
i hate the smell of this--very chemically/rubbing alcohol-like that completely turned me off
it smells like a can of silly string
the smell is medicine like, but i don't mind it.
it also smells really chemically which it gross to me
the smell wasn't particularly pleasant
it smells lovely though.
not my favorite smelling product.
to smell it a moment longer
however the smell was unbearable for me
cannot stress how strong the smell is
this cream smells amazing
it did smell nice
it also smells fresh and clean.
there is very little smell to it
not to fond of the smell
it did smell great, but that is it
as soon as i put this on my face i smelled a very strong alcohol
didn't like the smell of the product
strong smelling product on my face
the smell is awful
it also has a really bad smell.
i would put of lot of scented lotion on my neck hoping it would help to mask the horrid odor of the eye cream
i couldn't get used to the smell
it smelled of raw meat
the smell does eventually fade
never found the smell
that's actually how it smells
the smell is so putrid i threw the sample i had of it away
it was so bad and smelled like rotting fish.
it literally smells like rotten fish
it smells so awful i have to wash my face to be able to sleep
i'll give something else a try since this smells so terrible
the way it smells
the smell isn't what got me with this product.
i could bear the smell.
i could not get past the smell
i am not overly sensitive to smell
this just smells rancid
my baby even smelled it
the smell isn't going away
the smell is that strong.
only had a slight smell
also this stuff smells really vile
it does smell like dead fish
so it smells so awful!!!
it smells awful when i first put it on.
it's really a fishy smell
it also had a smell that was too intense
i couldn't tolerate the smell or the lack of results
i've never been so disgusted in a product for the smell
i just couldn't get past the smell
i don't even have a strong sense of smell
it smells like dead fish
this smells like pungent wet dog to me.
this smell is just terrible
this smelled so bad i couldn't try it a second time
this product smells so bad that
the best way i can describe the smell is dead fish
i couldn't get past the smell
there's really no scent to it (a plus!)
i wasn't prepared for the awful smell.
it does smell, but you get used to it.
it smells like fish
would prefer to kiss me with wrinkles than smelling like rotten fish
am accustomed to the fishy smell
the fish smell is terrible.
i am usually not sensitive/ complain about scents
it smells like dead fish
the smell also lingers
i am slightly used to the smell
it literally makes me nauseous
this product smells awful
the smell makes me queasy
it really does smell ike something that's rotting
especially since the one for the face doesn't smell as bad
i couldn't fall asleep due to the smell
why does it have to smell so bad?
the eye cream smells fishy
the face smells like decay
the smell was unacceptable.
some of the reviews indicated that this product had a strong "fishy" odor
this stinks to high heaven.
the rotting fish smell is downright nauseating
i can't re-purchase because of the odor
to my liking it smelled very bad
the smell is really weird it reminds me of a tomato
i couldn't get over the gross smell.
love fab in general, but this stuff smells awful.
biggest flaw is the smell
though i do not care for the smell
it also smells just a bit plastic-y
it smells like bug spray
i could have totally gotten past that because it's not an unpleasant smell
cons:- not moisturizing enough- smells awful
however, the smell of this is horrible!
it is nauseous and gives me a headache!
since i couldn't take the smell
overall the scent wasn't horrible
i loved the texture and the smell.
first off, this stuff smells kinda gross.
i really liked the smell
i also really hated the smell
has a very pleasant smell
it has a strong rose smell
i love the smell
it also has a strange chemically/elementary school smell
it also smelled strongly of white glue.
this literally smells like elmers glue.
just could not tolerate the scent
it smells like awful, orange medicine.
its very sticky and smells very strong.
the first thing i noticed after opening the jar is the smell
i got used to the smell once it was on my skin
the only thing i would change is the smell
it smells like the serum
has a distinctly unpleasant chemical odor as well
smell is so overpowering and very unpleasant
it smells really nice though.
the texture is kinda strange
the smell is fine
kind of heavu and the smell is way too strong.
without any kind of smell
it has a funny smell and is extremely greasy.
doesn't have the best smell either.
it smells good and it doesn't dry the skin.
the smell was nice.
i just can't get past the smell that this has
the smell is horrible
the smell was also kind of unpleasant to me!
it also doesn't have a pleasant smell.
i've heard good things about bobbi brown products
it had a very odd odor
the odor disappeared after awhile
it also smells really "perfumey"
textures was great, smells were okay too.
i like the smell
it smells very nice
i ended up with a headache from the smell
this has a nice smell while applying this product to your face
the smell can be a little too much
i don't get all the reviews raving about the scent
i think this smells terrible.
it smells like straight up pinesol!
yuck and it's such a strong smell.
the best part about this oil is the smell.
ok first off this does not smells like lavender at all
which really is just an awful smell
you could literally still smell
previous review about smelling like a hippie is dead on
hope that the smell would fade out
if you want to smell like a hippie all day
no baby should smell like a hippie.
the smell is so strong
i can't use it on my entire face because of the strong odor
i am not a fan of the smell.
it has a more pleasant smell
as the smell is so unpleasant
i like the smell
on the plus side it does smell really good!
this product smells light
i will say that the smell was quite offensive.
i must say it smells amazing
it smells really pretty
it does, however, smell horrible.
you know, like the expired-product smell?
it also smells disgusting
how can they make a moisturizer that smells so bad??
the smell or texture
it smelled just like regular sunscreen also
it also smells weird
the smell isn't too strong
the smell is unpleasant and way too overpowering.
the smell drives me nuts
the two stars are because of the smell
i smell it all day
i really don't like the scent of it!
smells really good though .
i loved the smell
the smell is not unpleasant however i personally don't prefer heavily fragranced products on my face
worse part is the smell
you smell it all day
i still continue to use it because it smells
the product smells great
the smell of the product
this product smelled like dirty socks to me
it really should smell better than this
it smells nice, but it leaves an oily residue.
first thing i noticed was the smell
the smell haunted me!
the smell... in an eye treatment... so puzzling!
i do like that it has no scent
it contains alcohol and has a very strong smell.
it smells really good
the smell is suffocating.
liked the scent enough
it does have some sort of scent
the smell is so overwhelming
i dislike the smell
i can still smell it
i immediately got a headache from the smell
the smell of this product i would recommend it
i wish the smell was not that strong
pay attention when you first put it on as the lovely scent is taken over by the smell of alcohol
it also has a faint scent which i like very much.
the smell of nasty old lady perfume hit me
when i started using this product i realised the chemical smell
i like that this product doesn't smell odd
in addition, the product smells vile.
however, i cannot get past the smell.
it has a slight fishy smell
on top of that, it smells awful!
it makes my face smell like a dirty sock
the smell was too intense for me
i couldn't stand the smell.
would complain about a weird smell
smells funky too - and not in a good way.
this smelled so strongly
the sunscreen smell is unpleasant
apart from the smell
i love the smell and texture.
it doesn't smell the best which is not a big deal for me
i didn't love the smell
the smell is terrible
the only thing i won't really enjoy is the smell it has a weird smell
it also smelled bad
not the best smell
it also has a slight fishy smell that i think most of the algenist line has
this product has an odor compared to stale cigarettes
not crazy about the smell
it's okay, not a fan of the smell.
it does have a nice scent
not smelling like c
i love the smell of this stuff
it's extremely thick and has a very strong smell.
i love the smell
it has a great smell
it did have a nice smell.
it tastes so disgusting
this stuff smells like crisco
this lotion smells great
i love the smell
product smells very good
the scent was just awful
the smell is overpowering
the smell which lingers long after application is another story
and the product doesn't smell all natural...
this emulsion smelled nice
the smell is okay
it smelt so good and was in a pretty blue bottle!
i really wanted to love it because of the smell
smelled better than any other lotion i've ever used
the smell is horrible.
it has a pleasant smell.
it smells really good
that probably was the reason my skin brokeout sooo bad was because of the perfume smell in the product
it does have a really nice scent
i personally like the smell
for me i don't like the smell.
the smell is amazing
it has a really nice smell
it smells quite poorly
it smells nice though.
it smells fishy to me.
that is, if you can bear the stench.
cucumber smell doesn't bother me
it smells like sour milk
i literally could not get past the smell.
it smells like spoiled milk.
i forget the name of the product that's in it that makes it smell that way
unless you like the smell of spoiled milk lol
it smells really funny.
the smell is fine
the odor really bugged me
like a faint rotten egg smell
it has a pleasant smell
just a weird consistency and smell.
the smell doesn't linger
i will say that it smells great
i do like how it has little smell.
i think it smells fine.
this one was returned due to the fishy smell.
they work best and there is no odor.
didn't have a smell unlike a lot of other "scentless" products
it still had a bad smell
i did like the smell
it smells so relaxing
but man, i couldn't get past the smell.
the smell is too nauseating to use long-term
i don't mind those types of smells.
the product smells so nasty
the smell is overwhelming and pretty disgusting.
it also has an unpleasant smell.
it almost smells something burnt
the smell is awful
not even like a chemical smell just really really bad
the worst part is the smell
i couldn't really detect much of a smell
this product smelled horrible.
the smell is also not very pleasant, imo.
the product smelled really pleasant
it smells like rotten plastic
and the smell didn't go away afterwards!
the worst smelling cream i have ever tried.
this has an off putting smell to it.
can't pass the smell.
smells really really bad!
it does not smell like oranges!
i do not like the smell of the product
it is an extremely strange smell.
greasy residue that feels terrible
it literally smells like gar grease
it was the worst smelling product i have ever smelled
it has a funny smell to it which i'm guessing is what mud covered oranges smell like
got this as a simple, it smells so bad.
the smell was terrible
the smell was interesting
it smells very weird
it also had a strange smell.
it reminded me of wd40 smell
the smell is horrible
it smelled like dirt
has a very unappealing odor
and it does have an odd smell.
i just cannot get over the horrible smell of this cleanser
the smell is overwhelming
i would say it is a combination of mustiness
but - it smells ssoooo bad!!!
this is what it would smell like
not crazy about the smell.
it feels nice on, and the scent is very mild.
the smell is weird too
it smells like an expired product
one thing about tbis line is that it smells really good
it definitely had an odd smell as mentioned by others
when i got the jar i found the odor to be too off-putting
it smells like something burning
this cream has a pleasant smell
also the smell is weird.
the smell was so strong
the smell was so strong i had to wash it off of my face
this product has not an un-bareable smell
it has really strong smell
this got a terrible plastic musty smell
the smell doesn't last once it's on the skin
it smells like my grandma.
f scent bothers you avoid this
i could not get over the smell
i do find that the perfume smell is strong
the smell is little iffy.. so i'm returning.
it's not a bad smell
like i am – i sometimes get migraines from very sweet smells – this is probably not the product for you
didn't feel comfortable rubbing what smells like an actual perfume on my face
this smells horrible and leaves a soapy residue.
really the scent is too strong
the smell is awesome.
it does smell pleasant
the smell is ok, not great.
i think it smells like lysol.
plus, the smell is amazing!
it smelled ok and applied easily.
it leaves a weird residue
it has a fairly pleasant smell
it smells sort of funny, but not unbearable.
they don't feel any better plus the smell gives me a headache
though the smell isn't that great
this moisturizer smelled good
thought it was working wonderfully--also smells great
i love the smell
it does also have a smell that
i really wanted to like this because it smells great
it has an odd smell
it smells great though
not to mention, the scent is overwhelming.
the smell is a bit strong
it also smells musty
when the reviews say that something has a "strong scent
the smell is heavenly.
very artificial smell, dislike it so much .
and at first i was so happy with the scent.
unlike most people i was not crazy about the smell of this cream
loved the way it smelled
the smell is great!
the perfect world cleanser smells good
i think it smells lovely
it does smell lovely,but that's about it.
as others have stated it has a very strong smell to it
debris plus it smells great
nice smell-great lather-but very drying.
what i can say for this: it smells great
it's very fresh smelling
the smell was okay like it didn't smell bad.
it also smells incredible.
doesn't have any noticeable smell
this product smells good
it has a light smell
i liked the smell
this cleanser has a funny smell
i love this smell of this product.
the smell was too much for me
first of all i think it smells terrible
i figured if it keeps my acne under control who cares what it smells like because it's not a strong enough smell that i'm going to smell like it after its washed off
i love the smell
the smell was horrid to me
it kinda smelled like peppermint pine tree or something weird like that
the wash smells good
the smell is great
the smell of it is so pleasant
this product smells good
i mean it smells great
i love the smell of this mask.
it smells very good
i like that this mask has a nice scent
i personally can't stand the smell of this!
don't have to smell it for long
the main downfall for this to me is the smell
i like the smell though.
i also like the smell of this.
i love the smell though.
i just couldn't stomach the smell of this
it smells great but it's super runny.
i like the smell
it does smell really nice
i don't enjoy the smell at all when it's on my face
i also really despise the smell.
it smells like halls although the cooling sensation is nice i guess
i unfortunately don't see myself repurchasing since the mask did absolutely nothing to my skin except leave a pungent smell
i didn't care for the smell
this cream has a strange smell to it that i didn't love
this smelled so strong of alcohol
i hate the texture, and i dislike the smell too.
it smells very strongly
it also smells like paint.
the smell alone was hard to get over
the smell is also unpleasant
it has a chemical smell
it kinda smells like rubbing alcohol.
rather an "industrial" like strong smell
the first thing i notice is how bad it smells
one thing that is noticeable is the scent
smell is quite bad.
if this product smelled better i would give it 4 stars
smells great and feels great.
i find the smell really off-putting though
it smells very nice
smells great, but broke me out pretty bad.
the smell is so so strong.
but seriously, the smell is tooooooo strong.
the smell was amazing
it smells nice... and it ends there.
i think this smells lovely
i love the way it smells
i kind of like the smell
smelled the scent my first impression was "noxema
well its not really quite the noxema smell
the horrible smell of this product compelled me to write a review
noticed a really strong smell on my h
the smell still lingered on my clothes
it has a weird odor.
does not smell like roses at all
the smell was ok.
it's so strong it actually has a chemical smell.
has a very strong smell
it would be more pleasant if the fake rose smell was a little more subtle
first of all, the smell is so overpowering.
the smell is really pleasant
the scent i did not mind
the scent was not bad just very strong to where i couldn't use it
the scent wasn't what bothered me
immediately fell in love with the smell
i like the smell of roses
if strong smells trigger your headaches
it does have a pleasant smell
the smell didn't bother me
it smells great and feels great on the skin.
this does have a nice scent
i liked the scent though..
i absolutely cannot stand the smell.
the smell was terrible
it doesn't burn or smell bad.
it was a disgusting mess
i really have a hard time using this because of the smell
it didn't smell like this
it's a rotten kind of smell that is overbearing
haven't smelled the so-called fish odor
the smell of this is unbearable
i can't stand the smell of this!
this product smells like dead fish
perricone products always get a bad rep for smelling undesirable
the smell is horrible
it also smells like low tide.
having this level of bad odor in a product is unnecessary
i am not only disappointed with smell
but the odor is unpleasant.
i would use it on my face however it smells like decomposing fish
to make matters worst it smells horrible
"am i crazy or does this smell like fish skin?
the smell is horrible!!
it smells like rotten fish!
could still faintly smell it
i would've loved the cream if not for the smell
worse still it smells like fish oil
the smell was awful
it soon became very clear to me that the creme smelled absolutely awful
couldn't get past the smell
it literally smelled like i rubbed my face with an old musty washcloth
however, i cannot get past the disgusting smell.
it smells like rotten burnt oranges.
it smells like body odor.
it smells so awful i thought it had gone bad
i can't wear it because of the unpleasant odor
it's suppose to smell like oranges
it has a very bad odor as you apply it
this smells nothing like the awesome truth serum
is honestly the most rancid smelling cream i've ever tried
hello headache, smells so bad
i would love this product a whole lot more if the smell wasn't so awful
i can't smell it while i sleep
the smell is horrible.
i just can't get past the smell
it smells like rotten oranges, and it lingers.
the smell is... unique.
the smell is very unappealing!!!
it had the worst smell of mildew that i've ever experienced in a beauty product
the only reason i stopped using it was because it smelled too strong
i am usually not bothered by smells of products
this was a weird orange smell that i have never experienced before
it also has a terrible smell
smell before you buy
gotten used to the smell
the smell of this was so off-putting
in my experience this smelled nothing like those
the smell is pleasant
the biggest drawback is the awful scent.
smells like oranges gone bad.
along with the very horrible strong smell i cannot recommend this
unfortunately i couldn't even test this because the smell was so strong
this product smells absolutely horrible!
i couldn't get over how bad it smelled
the smell was awful.
i absolutely hate the smell of mold.
it smells good in the jar
this one doesn't really smell good
so this product smelt good
the smell is not horrible
i love the smell!
not a fan smelled and was greasy
plus it has this weird rotten orange kinda smell
i just can't deal with this creme's smell
was immediately repulsed by the smell
my boyfriend has even commented on the terrible smell
i don't mind the smell
i adore the smell although with this product im deff not adoring this smell
i just cant get over that smell it smells almost orange with tons of chemicals
it just smelled terrible to me
which smells much better to me
i didn't find the smell as overpowering as some reviews
i guess i should have smelled this before i used it because it smells disgusting
be aware- smell this before you buy it.
i've never smelled anything more awful
i just can't get over the smell!
says i have "super smell
i definitely don't think you need super smelling powers to detect this one
i stopped using hope in a jar because of the smell
this stuff makes that smell like fine perfume
man...that's seriously stinky.
however the smell is absolutely horrible
the smell before buying
the stench does not go away quickly-- i put this on after showering
i don't care for the smell
i don't have any complaints other than the smell.
only thing that was calming was the smell
holy wow does it smell terrible
i really liked the smell though.
this serum smells nice
first off, this stuff smells like dog breath.
it smells and feels great, but that's about it.
using it anyway because it smells so good without being overpowering
the smell of alcohol was very strong
not make you smell good
liked that it didn't have a strong scent
i tried it once--the smell was so strong
it smelled like sour cream-not a pleasant smell
that was definitely not what mine smelled like
there was nothing spa-like about the smell of this product
it also smells good
it does smell nice
this cleanser didn't smell great
i liked the natural expensive smell though
also, the smell was not great.
the smell is a little funky
the smell is simply unbearable.
worst part about this product is the smell
the smell is quite concerning
the oil smells very odd
it smells extremely sour
can't get over the smell
and, like others, the smell.
thankfully, the smell dissipates.
i do like the smell of this oil
it smells very natural
this product smells truly awful.
i'll never find out because i couldn't tolerate the horrid smell
the first thing i noticed was the peculiar aroma-it sort of smells like wet oak leaves
this stuff smells horrible.
the smell was awful though
the smell was awful
i can't get past the smell
it smells like a cleaned port-o-potty.
i also couldn't get past the smell.
i didn't mind the smell
i am normally sensitive to smells
the smell of this product is very strong
the smell is so bad i just can't
pungent smell of rotting who knows what.
dreaded the odor that came along with the product
it was not good enough for me to get over the smell
i would not recommend on top it just smells very bad
the smell of this product is probably the worst smelling skin care product i have ever used
the smell is a turn off
has an unpleasant smell
smells like clay and didn't do much for my skin.
does have an earthy smell
i don't think the smell is bad
it does smell like clay
the smell is clean
it does have that clay smell to it
my second issue is the smell.
it smells like a toxic chemical.
works like a charm and without the toxic smell.
it smells like concentrated stink bug odor
it smells like burnt plastic
a smell that you may tolerate
i just can't get pass that smell
that they're not exactly known for great smelling products
this is almost unusable it smells so bad
it smells like dirt
the smell is a bit nasty
the smell is horrible.
the smell is awful
it's not a pleasant smell
that smell is awful.
it has a nice smell to it
can i just say this smells terrible
oh it does have a smell
don't smell it anymore
plus mine kinda had a dead fish smell...
it didn't have much of a smell that i noticed
it had an unpleasant smell
i love that all the ren products smell amazing
other ren products do smell better.
this stuff smelled fabulously
smells really nice and goes on light.
it also smelled horrible, like plastic and wood.
it just had a really awful smell
it does smell nice
however does not smell very good
also, less stars because of the musty smell...
you could smell it most of the day.
i love the smell of it
also, the smell is too strong.
it doesn't smell as good
irritating scent that annoys your eyes
the smell of it isn't pleasant
it does smell pleasant
the smell was really overwhelming too.
the smell is horrible as well
i've also noticed that a lot of the ptr line smells really gross
i cannot even describe the fact other than it just smells unpleasant
it also has a bad smell.
also, it has an unpleasant smell.
also has an unpleasant smell
it smells like burnt rubber
my main problem with this was i hated the smell.
smells a little strange also.
this cream smells terrible
i did not like the artificial smell
this stuff smells soooo medicated its overpowering
it has a strange smell to it
the smell of it is not divine
i absolutely hate the smell
the smell gave me a headache
i made it very clear i had scent allergies
i love the smell
the only good thing about it is it smells great
it sinks in quickly and even smells pleasant.
first of all i don't get the smell
to me it's more like some oil gone bad smell to me
tho says it smells good
it just sits there on top of my skin and smell.
that smell on me is terrible
only thing i can live without is the smell.
the smell so strong
i think the smell is probably divisive since it is a bit powdery
smell starts out just gross
you have to strain to smell it in the bottle
it's almost like the smell of a very very mild
however the scent just isn't for me
the smell was off
it was a little rancid-smelling
i love the smell of most caudalie products
the smell certainly isn't
while it smells amazing
it does smells nice tho.
smelled vaguely oatmeal like
this product gives off a nice smell
the smell bothered me as well
i am not usually that bothered by smells
it smells like some food
i loved the smell
the other thing i hate about this is the smell
it does smell nice
the overall smell of the product is great
i did not notice a scent.
the smell didn't bother me at all
as, for the smell, i strongly dislike it.
i love the way this oil smells
this stuff smells so bad.
i don't like the smell of the ferulic acid
i don´t like how it smells
it has a strange smell not the best
this mask really stinks
the smell is not the best
only to find out that this stuff just smells funky
it does not have a strong smell.
the product smells good
i personally like the smell of this creme
stopped because the smell is too strong
smells like something the grannies would wear
i do not like the way it smells
it does smell nice.
judging from the smell
the product did smell nice
the smell to the application feeling is different
it had a great orange smell the first time i ordered it
this time it is an awful smell
always liked it's orangey smell
i like the smell of it
this serum feels and smells great!
on the plus side: this eye cream is pleasant smelling
it also does not have any scent to it
the fumes irritated my eyes badly
too bad because the smell was great
the rose smell was a little strong
i couldn't smell it once it was on
it smells too strong
the smell is very pleasant
the only thing i don't like is the scent is faintly like ammonia
the smell is horrible
but the smell is horrible.
it smells a little funky, but that fades.
too light and smells like rubber
the smell is just awful.
it smells like a dirty dish rag.
this has no smell
however,it stinks to high heaven.
if only i was hard of smelling
it smells delightful though
it also smells good.
can only say my face smells nice
the smell is strong
the smell was a little off-putting
this toner works well enough but smells terrible.
this thing smells like chemicals.
the smell is so strong that i am actually concerned about inhaling it
i think the "intensive" part of the name must be in reference to the pungent smell it has
just couldn't get past the smell
this stuff smells rotten
i wanted to love this because it smells so good
does not have no awkward medicine smell to it
its really faint and not overpowering.
the cream has no scent which is perfect for us who hate a smelly cream
smells on my skin
if you don't care for an old rose smell
i liked that this is a clear serum without any odor that goes on easily
somewhat sticky serum with no noticeable smell
the scent however is terrible
the smell was pleasant
the best thing about it is the smell.
it smells good, but not over powering!
the smell is unbearable
i can't get past the smell.
it smells of cow manure
bottom line is it smells so horrible
love the texture, and smell of this product.
there's nothing terrible about this lotion- it smells great
i initially noticed the smell
this one smells absolutely amazing
the thing i can't get over about this product is the smell
if you didn't have a sense of smell
i think the so-called "rose" smell takes over
it smells a lot better
i couldn't even see if this "made a difference" because the smell was so nauseating
i think it's pleasant smelling
the smell is horrible
it smelled like a fast food place
once received i opened it to smell it
thought it smelt pretty bad
it smells like playdough !
the smell is so bad
the smell makes me want to not use the product it's just such a disgusting smell which is why i have to give it a lower review
i just can't get past the smell
the odor is so strange
it also takes a while to get used to the smell.
the smell was a turnoff cause it smells like cooking oil
got past the smell
it smells soooo bad
also it smells weird!
the smell does not go away
this smells like use cooking oil
and it smells like stale saltines.
the moisturizer smelled good
does smell kind of strong
many people love the smell
this one keeps smelling
it also does not smell the greatest.
i wasn't a fan of the smell
i don't like the smell
f you're sensitive to smells be aware of that
i really did not like the smell
worse than that was the smell.
i don't like the smell
honestly smells almost like pickles
don't like the smell
i love the smell
this product smells good
i felt the smell was terrible
no stinky smell, no sticky feeling.
texture and smell of the product are very nice.
i cannot get past the smell that i can keep smelling throughout the day on my face
if you are sensitive to smells
i love the smell of it
i will say it doesn't really smell good
i don't mind the smell
it has a great smell
i hate the smell
the smell is ok, the texture is good.
first, smells really weird.
i do not like the scent
this smells great and feels wonderful on my skin.
i also really did not like the smell.
it smells like burn oranges.
the smell last a long time
i will say at first the smell is fantastic
it wasn't a good smell
it had an alcoholic smell to it
it smells like chalk
this product smells nice
absorbs fast, smells like jasmin.
the bothersome aroma never dissipated either until i washed my face
this product smells terrible.
the smell is so disgusting
it smells like animal oil
a lot of people have mentioned the smell being off
it has the worst smell from a product i've ever used
the smell lingers for about an hour for me
it has such a weird smell also
however, the smell was not to my liking.
i couldn't really detect a smell
i still can't get over the smell.
the smell is amazing
and it had a funny smell.
this product is stinky
also it has a weird industrial smell.
the smell of the product is nice
the bottle and smell were nice!
it smells good and is light weight.
by far is one of the most best smelling oils i've smelt
the smell was not overwelming
i loved the smell of this product so much.
it smells good, just like other fresh products.
the smell is too strong
it does smell like roses
the only thing i like is the sweet smell.
cause the rose smelled so good
it's light and has a beautiful smell.
i'll never buy it because the rose smell is horrid
might be too oily for me but smells like roses.
it had no rose smell to it
though i love the smell
i like the smell though
i personally hate the smell
it smells nice but that's about it.
this cleanser smells amazing
i do love the smell though.
i do like the smell
this stuff smells oh so good
it also had a very strange scent???
the smell is very strong
i can't get passed the horrible scent of this product
smells like bug spray.
this stuff smells good
people complaining about the smell i just don't get it
and the smell lingers too!
i can smell it
the smell is so bad.
started breaking out and i hate orange smell.
the smell would fade
i cant get over the smell.
it stank so bad.
i can't even get over the strong fishy scent of this oil
it smells like fish oil
i just can't get passed the smell
i don't like the smell but not bad
i also can't stand the smell!
has the faint smell of something
for the reviews mentioning the smell.
i just can't get over the smell
it most definitely has a fishy smell as noted by other reviewers
i don't usually take issue with smells.
it's awful smelling and ineffective as an oil.
decent consistency but the smell is awful.
goes on smelling like oranges
then changes to a fishy smell
however, i cannot get past the fishy smell!
this oil just smells disgusting
it's hard to feel pampered or cared for with a smell this unpleasant
the smell is fantastic
i could not get past the smell.
horrible smell on your h
it stunk so bad that it made me nauseous.
i would say that it smelled like dirty socks
the first day i noticed it smelled horribly
horrible smell, orange face.
the issue here for me is not the smell
i just needed to know what was in this awful smelling stuff
thats probably what smells so bad
the smell is gross
tried the sample today, the smell was horrible!
i would not repurchase because it smells like stale
i can't get over the foul smell
i actually like the smell
it smells disgusting like old metal
for the price tag + yucky smell there is no way i could recommend this to anyone
here is why it's terrible...the smell!!!
first, it smells pretty terrible actually.
i love the smell of this product.
the entire line smells amazing.
the smell is amazing
i love the smell as well.
one of the best smelling face products ever.
i love the smell
the smell is weird
this product is amazing leaves your face smelling beautiful
i like the smell
it has a nice citrus smell that helps to wake you up
i loved the smell
it smells wonderful and feels great.
not sure what everyone's complaint is about the smell
it doesn't have a strong smell at all.
not to mention it smells like old lady perfume.
this smells like a little old lady doused in awful perfume
i find both the smell
i love the way it smells
almost smells like something spicy
it doesn't smell bad
the smell is nice
for me the scent is a problem.
i did like the scent
it smells bad/strange to some people
first, i will say i found the smell appaling.
smells like old milk going on
this smelled quite good
pretty decent oil with heavy flowery smell.
what i disliked most was that this oil smells like chemical furniture polish
i like the way it smells
love the smell of this stuff!
that smell will really get to you
the smell of the oil is a dead ringer
scrub to get rid of the smell
not to mention the smell is very strong.
smells strange too... greasy...
i stopped coming to bed with a face that smelled like fish
also has a strange strong smell when in container
it doesn't smell bad or good or like anything
i like that it does not have a strong smell like of perricone's products
the smell is way to powerful almost a strong chemical smell
except make it smells like cologne
it smells nice as feels soft
the product itself smells nice
the smell was weird
while i do not mind the smell
i didn't enjoy the smell of this mask.
i wouldn't purchase just on smell alone
the worst of all it smells like bugspray
i did not like the smell of this
this smells nice guys.
i liked the smell
the smell made me happy
the smell is a bit strong
bottom line, this stuff smells awful.
it just really is an awful smelling product
absolutely not because the scent lingered
every one of their products smells like bad
it's not quite a chemical smell
the smell is overwhelming
the smell is so so terrible i wanted to rip my face off it smelled all day
i love the smell
the smell is overpowering
my initial impression was that it smelled nice
it also smells faintly like a bathroom airspray.
it smells something like a gas station
the smell just lingers.
the smell is nice
i really like the smell of this product
the only thing good about this product is the scent
i did love the smell however
it smells similar if not better
plus it smells awesome and makes me happy.
i really liked the smell
it smells great and is very gentle on the skin.
who cares how it smells
the smell was nice too.
but the smell is so strong!!!
while it smells lovely
smells great, smooth, pleasant.
to me it smells like old ladies
who actually liked the scent of it
the smell of this stuff
i love the smell of the product.
the scent really gives me a headache
this one has an extremely strong smell
initially i thought i loved this stuff because of the herbal smell
thinks it smells like pot
the smell was so pungent
first, the smell is so strong, it's hard to use!
could smell it from across the room
for sensitive smell either
as soon as i opened the little pouch this awful pungent smell came out
the smell is way too strong
the smell is overwhelming in a bad way.
i tested how long the smell lingered
the smell was too much
the scent is the first thing i noticed
the smell was unbearable
to say i was shocked by the smell is an understatement
the scent of this is so strong it was making me gag
can still smell it
i actually have a headache from the smell.
however i could not getpast the horrible scent
the cleanser smells amazing
it smells better than it works
this moisterurizer feels and smells great.
i love the smell
it has a decent smell
it's light weight and smells nice.
i like the way this smells
i love the smell
i do love the smell though
that makes it smell just so bad
smells amazing, too dry for the winter tho.
the smell is great without being overwhelming or too perfume-y
not to mention the amazing smell!
the smell of this product is great
it smells nice and is gentle.
smells nice, but that's about it.
the smell is nothing i'm crazy about either
the smell is very heavy
i also didn't like the smell
it wasn't say it is anything i would classify as smelling good
it has a weird smell/
the smell was overwhelmingly bad
this one smells lovely
i wish the fresh masks smelled as good as their other products
also the smell was not pleasant to me
it has this funky smell to it
it is a very unplesent smell
i am not apt to using this because the smell is
i can't even use it on my body since the scent is putrid
the smell is what did it for me
it smells like plastic to me
ugh the smell of this product was off putting.
it smells although the smell go away after a while
for those who are sensitive to smells
the smell is very strong
it smelled just like kids sunscreen
absorbs quickly, but the smell is really strong.
i could not get past the smell.
it's not a bad scent
it smells nice, but not a good moisturizer.
at first i loved it because it smelled amazing
the smell is not bad
i actually like the smell
the smell of this product is potent
on top of the smell
the only downfall is that it has a very strong smell
it smells like something my mother would wear.
it's just a lotion that smells nice.
i should of smelled this product before applying it
the smell isn't awesome, but i got over it.
it really is far too pungent to use
the smell is unfortunately still lingering
the scent is also one that felt too old for me to wear
the scent is a little too strong for me
the smell is quite overwhelming
while it is light weight it has a not-so-great smell to it
aside from the fact that this is so strong smelling
i really should've gave this a deeper whiff.
i can't get over the smell.
i just can't get over the smell
it also has a stinky scent
i also couldn't deal with the smell it left.
the smell was unpleasant
smell to be very pleasant
was definitely not worth it because of the smell
first off, the smell.
i don't know how to describe the smell
the smell was terrible
i could not get past the smell
i hated the smell
particularly because of the smell.
if you are sensitive to smell i would recommend smelling instore first by testing on h
the smell was putrid.
i love the smell
clinique take the day off balm doesn't smell as nice
i like the smell
i am very picky about smell
over priced, smells, & doesn't spread well.
and secondly, the smell is horrible!
it actually made me nauseated.
the smell is almost intolerable
i found the smell to be more annoying as time goes on
they need to get rid of the scent it's horrible
this morning cleanser stinks
if you aren't adverse to the strange scent that is
and don't get me started on the smell!
one of my least favorite smells
my god it smells awful
it does not smell of cloves as someone else stated
that is what this product smells like.
and the smell is kind of annoying.
this product smells great
smells great but does zero for dark spots
doesn't smell as good either
it i thought it had a really nice scent
i really don't like the way this product smells
i can not deal with the smell
it didn't smell like this
i am generally not one to complain about the smell of a product
i love the smell
not sure what it smells like
can't get pass the smell..awful!
i like it, but not so crazy about the smell.
it is way too mild and smells funny.
first of the scent is absolutely amazing !
evening smelling the bottle
the best thing about this product was the aroma!
my main issue is the smell.
many of the other reviewers love the smell
the smell is amazing
though it has a pleasant smell
to me it smells really strong
the smell is divine
on the plus side, it smells amazing!
i like the smell
it also has a really strong smell which gave me headaches
did not like the smell
the smell was very strong
sorry to say the smell overpowered me
i kept getting some weird fish smell
to me it smelled like lavender
the smell of this is so bad i couldn't wait to wash it off
smells like menthal or medicine very strong!
yuck- smells so strong of dead roses!!!
yuck- had to wash off
i kind of like the weird smell
the smell was nice though.
i couldn't get past the smell
if you are at all smell sensitive
it tastes quite awful
it smells kinda funny
i really didn't like the scent.
i could get past the smell
defently doesnt remove my makeup smells wierd if i have foundation
the smell was very strong
good product but couldnt get past the smell.
the smell is a bit
this smelled like i opened a bottle of really strong
was worried it would be harsh when i smelled it
i love the smell
smell was light and pleasant.
the smell is pleasant
this cream also smells a bit off.
oh my god the smell is overwhelming
people commented on the smell thinking it was a perfume i'm wearing
the smell is delicious.
the smell is not as bad as most have said
the smell is way too strong
it does fade but i can still smell it.
this product smells like bengay
smell stings your eyes
the smell of this is repulsing to me
the smell is just atrocious.
couldn't get past the smell.
i will not but due to the smell.
the smell is so funky
for $28, i really don't like the scent.
i love the smell of the product.
even though this cleanser smells nice
it smells like a cheap industrial bathroom cleaner
but it smells so incredibly bad!
also the smell alone is not pleasing
also because it smells so good
the smell of this stuff is awful.
i don't like the smell
but the smell is like something died.
that same distinct smell
it doesn't smell great
the smell was awful- like bathroom cleaner
not only was the smell terrible
the smell is meh and the product is heavy.
this smells ok, i guess.
nothing i would want to smell regularly
i couldn't stand the smell.
smells a bit too much like a gr
it does smell nice though.
i could not get past the smell
this product does smell nice, like oranges.
i dislike the smell
i just cannot get over the horrible smell
i found it smelled rather rancid
thinks it smells like cintronella
i agree that the smell is al
it has that typical night cream smell.
if your into that kind of smell
the cream itself smells good
i don't like the scent-it smells nutty to me
i dont like the smell either.
i loved the fresh smell
had a fresh clay/dirt smell that i was a huge fan of
only good thing is it smelt nice.
i also didn't like the smell.
i love the smell
the smell is nice too.
this has an odor i couldn't get past.
it smells terrible now :
the smell of these camu camu products
just in case you didn't like the smell...
it does smell nice?
my absolute favorite part is the smell.
it smells sooo goooood.
the smell made me chock a very strong chemical smell that still smelled on my face needless to say its going back
the product smelled awful
it smelled sour like actual sour milk
the smell was so strong
the scent starts out really pleasant
had a slight off putting smell
if it didn't smell so weird i might re-purchase it
for some reason i couldn't get passed the smell
it reminded me of a nasty smelling soap.
love the after math, hate the smell.
it also had a very bad smell.
this smells so much like playdoh
it smells good at first
the smell is absolutely lovely
i really liked the smell
i also found the smell to be unpleasant--it was too strong
it does smell good
beautiful smell like the original
is that it smells like roses
it is not the same product there is no scent
and the perfume smell is way too strong in this.
especially for the old-lady smell that comes with it
even though the smell dissapates
why is there a scent in it?
this didn't smell very nice at all
the smell is just ok
s with a light smell
this lotion smells good
it smells like grease or oil
overall i wouldn't buy it again because of the smell
it does smell nice
it has a nice smell
it doesn't have an overpowering smell
i love the smell
this mask smells really unique
i really hate the smell of this gel.
i know this sounds really strange
but even the lovely smell goes away fast.
it smells so nice, soothing.
i love the way it smells
other than smelling good
the smell is wonderful
i do love the scent though!
though it does smell nice
it doesn't have a really harsh smell
it became obvious it was due to whatever fumes/scent/essence were in the cleanser
it smells like medicine
it smells kind of pretty
it does smell amazing
maybe i expected it to smell more "rose."
it has a nice smell.
it smells wonderful by the way.
the smell of the product is great!
the first thing is i really don't like its smell
the more i build it up the more i smell like a walking bottle foundation
it smells a little weird
the smell was disgusting
the smell is gross
i loved this smell
this product not only smelled awful
dang this jurlique stuff smells great
i so wanted to love this weirdly smelled oil because of the reservatol
the smell was quite strong
all the products smell kind of unpleasant.
only redeemable quality is that it smells nice
absolutely love the smell!!!!
it smelled very strongly of cucumber
i find it to be kind of unpleasant smelling
smell is a bit intense.
i assumed it would smell like roses
the smell is great
i loved the smell
it does smell terrible
i just want deal with the scent
to me it smells like rotting fruit
first of all, it smelled like moldy fruit.
the smell of this mask is terrible.
i am not sensitive to smells at all
have never been so disgusted by the smell of a skincare product
i know that sounds strange
that is the first thing that i thought when i smelled it
the smell of the product itself is enough to make me gag
usually i'm not sensitive to smells so this was pretty surprising to me
the smell actually gave me a headache
the smell is way too strong
it smell like chemical stuff
i love the smell of this mask
the mask smells nice and has an nice texture.
the smell is very strong and pungent.
i also can't get past the smell of the mask
didn't like the smell.
it smells nice to me
the smell was amazing i loved it
the mask smells really nice!!
the only upside was the smell
the product smelled great and my skin felt great.
not to mention it has a weird smell to it as well
the smell is very strong too.
the smell is really overpowering
l love how they smell
so do smell this product before buying
my skin felt nice afterwards and it smelt good
the smell wasn't so great.
it has a lovely smell too.
also the smell isn't all that great
i love the smell
this stuff smells amazing
the smell alone if u like being pampered is amazing
smell is very good
i really like the smell of them
this mask smells amazing.
the smell is wonderful.
other than the delightful smell, it did nothing.
it did smell great
the scent smells really good
only wish the scent was not so strong
smell reminds me of an old cigar.
the smell is overpowering.
that's not to say that the scent is unpleasant
in smelling this product before applying it
the smell almost wants to make my eyes water
it's got a funky smell to me.
it's not a distinct smell, just strange.
i could put up with the smell
plus it has a weird smell.
the smell is so strong
smelled nice my skin reacted very badly to it
my problem was the scent.
i did not mind the scent at all
i've heard people describing the smell as fishy
to me this product smells like rotten avocados
to me this smells like hot dog water.
it kinda smelt like bacon
because that's what it smells like
cannot get past the smell
and the fumes makes my eyes watery as well.
first, i don't like the smell.
it does have that fresh pine smell which i actually don't mind
i got this and just could take the smell.
i didn't feel it had much of a smell
it was just to strong of an odor for me to stick with it
the fumes were so bad
it smells so delicious
it does smell really nice
the smell is so strong it actually makes my eyes water
i loved the smell
well it smells nice
it also had a bad smell
the smell was so powerful and so nasty.
i still smell it all over me
smelled like a weird chemically oil
also the smell is absolutely terrible
the smell was bad, but i could deal with it.
the smell isn't bad at first
can't explain how badly it smells
the smell is astoundingly horrible.
i would never use this again because the smell is horrendous
the smell of this product is absolutely dreadful.
the odor of this is horrific
this product smells terrible
leaves the worst smell on face
the smell is pleasant.
what i most disliked about this product was actually the smell
oh and the smell is awful!
s reeked of it even after washing my h
its true that this product doesnt smell lovely
i didnt find the smell awful either
more importantly, i hate the smell of it.
the serum also smells good.
while i think it smells
the smell of alcohol was way to strong.
i love the smell of this
this one smelled of flowers very strongly
the smell is too organic
i can't get over the smell
the smell is overpowering
i dislike the smell
i do love the smell of it
i felt like this smelled awful .
this cleanser also smells horrible.
the smell is not offensive or too strong
first off the smell is so strong i almost can't st
however the smell is horrible
i also did not care for the smell.
first of all-it smells disgusting.
really hate the scent ..not pleasant at all.
this also has an odd smell.
using it at home the smell was a little icky
the scent of that one is horrible
there is a bit of a weird smell
the odor of this cleanser is so horrendous that it made me gag--literally
the smell is strong, but that doesn't bother me.
first off the smell is just too much for me.
i can't get over the smell
the smell is great!
the smell is wonderful.
the smell is awesome
this smells very nice
i love the smell of this product
this does not have a strong smell
the smell lasts a long time too.
the smell is something to get used to also
reminded me of the smell of tea which is something i could live without smelling
i think it does hydrate but smell bothers me.
it smells very sweet... i am returning it.
i love the smell and luxurious feel of this mask.
i don't really like the smell
i do not like the scent of this mask
smells good and lil goes a long way.
it does smell really nice
i don't have a good sense of smell
it does have a fairly strong scent
the smell was unpleasant
i like this though because it doesn't smell
was shocked by the strong perfume smell.
it has a nice smell
it just didn't work for me the smell is really strong of perfume
the first thing that i noticed was the smell
i don't know what happened :/ it smells pretty nice
doesn't smell very good either.
i like the smell of it
it has a weird scent to it
i really don't like the smell
others like the smell.
i love the smell of this
it did smell good though
this mask smells amazing as all the fresh products do
plus side is it smelled phenomenal.
it has a very nice smell
i just couldn't get past the smell .
the smell is too much
the smell is the only good thing about this product
it smells so bad that i throw up!
what i'm not a big fan of, however, is the smell.
not really something i want to smell all day.
i just can't get over the smell
i will not buy it for the smell
all of clarins other items smell lovely
my face smells like the urine ditch at burning man
have loved the smell
the smell reminds me of bug spray
all of tata's products have an overwhelming smell of old lady
i do like the scent though.
it smells great though!
it smells quite nice
the smell was really awful
thankfully the night cream does not smell like this
stank horribly like old lady perfume
the smell didn't disapate at all
could still smell it
there's no way i want to walk around smelling like gr
hurts my eyes & the smell is off.
plus it doesn't have smell which disappointed me
also, the smell is awful it drives me insane.
i hate the scent it has and it was very drying.
the smell is very strong
i'd recommend smelling it before you buy
i could smell it on my pillow
the first thing i noticed is that it has a horrible alcohol scent to it
but i can't get past the smell and stickiness.
it doesn't tingle like it said
after a couple of days my face would smell like chemicals
the smell will last for quite a while
the smell is so mild
even though the smell is so light
the smell is nice
it smelled really good
so not into the smell
it does smell good.
the smell is pleasant
my tube smells like rancid oil
has very strong spf smell
though it smells amazing
as someone who is very sensitive to smells
i do not like the way it smells- almost mildew
i really don't like the smell of it
didn't smell too great
but i couldn't get over the smell.
not to forget its smell which i don't like !
i like the smell
smelled good felt good
i did like the smell just not the texture it left on my skin
the smell is nice
the scent of it i think irritated my skin
it has a pleasant-enough smell
it kind of smells bad
weird smell that lingers
am so mad/sad to report how bad the scent is
all through my work day i could smell it!!
i wish this had a different smell to it.
everything a girl needs for summer just needs a different smell
i love the smell and large bottle.
the thing i love most about this is the smell.
i like the smell
the scent isn't overwhelming, just not for me.
it smells good at first.
it smells horrible and did nothing for my face.
smelled amazing however after using this for only 3 days my skin was completely dry
was not thrilled about the perfume smell it had
i also did not like the smell of this cleanser which smelled like perfume
does absolutely nothing and had a bad smell...
i personally don't like the smell of this product
the smell is amazing and that is about it.
the smell is very nice, but it dried my skin out
and the smell is wonderful.
hate the smell and very chemical feel.
first - it smells amazing!
the smell of this is soo good
i love how it smells
i noticed it smelled wonderful!
i give it two stars because it smells awesome
it has a pleasant smell
my biggest problem with this product was the smell as it was not appealing
it also has a kind of gross smelling odor.
it does smell lovely though
within 5 minutes i couldn't smell a thing on my face
also it smell awfull
every time i applied it i smelled spoiled milk
the smell put me off
couldn't get pass the smell
just couldn't get pass the stench
it smells so gross like rotten milk.
unfortunately the scent of this product smells like stinky foot/rotten banana
it smelled like curdled milk
be prepared it does not smell nice
the biggest problem with this product is the smell
it has a terrible sour smell that reminds me of sour milk
once i got a whiff of that smell again
i just can't deal with a smell that makes me feel nauseous
"that smells like poo" lol
i hated the smell
i love the smell
its great except for the strong perfume smell
i also hated the smell of it.
but it smells nice!
had a strong, unpleasant almost chemically smell.
it smelled like the shea
it smells like baby oil
however, i can't stand the smell.
how others think it smells great
the smell was way too strong for me.
i smelled it all night
even could smell it in the morning still
i love the smell.
first the smell is awful
it doesn't have that smell, it's lightweight.
the stench of this serum
dear me it smells like rotten fish!
first, this smells awful!
smells wierd and is pretty sticky.
the smell is ok for me... it fades quickly.
works fine but i couldn't get over the smell.
some reviewers complained about the smell
it has a bit of a strange smell
i just can't get over the horrible smell which reminds me of tobacco or a cigar
it does have a rotten aroma when first applied.
the smell test go away, but it is unpleasant
it does smell a little chemical-y at first
the worst part is that his serum smells horrible.
good lord the smell is unbearable
at first it smells like rotting chocolate
you don't smell it anymore
another thing is the horrible smell!!!
the smell is just terrible in my opinion
i avoid using this because of the smell
the smell didn't bother me
apart from the smell
this serum has the worst smell.
the smell was awful
i didn't really like the smell.
this stuff smells revolting
the smell doesn't go away
i'd be okay with a terrible smell if the product worked
because it smells so bad
a smell i happen to despise
since i can smell the alcohol when i apply it
the smell is quite enticing too!
not a fan of the feel and smell.
also, not a big fan of the smell.
this smells like rotten milk
i prefer genifique over this due to the smell
because the scent of it on your face is very overpowering
but the smell is just terrible.
it smells so nice
it feels really smooth and has nice smell.
the only good thing about this serum is the smell
i saw some reviews about the perfume smell
where some people like the smell
this smells absolutely delicious
i don't remember the serum having any smell.
i got a major headache from the scent
the smell is different
i don't like the smell
the smell is nice.
the smell doesn't really bother me
i didn't have any issues with the color or smell
simply because of how vile the scent is
i love the smell of luna.
it also has an unusual smell
it doesn't smell great
love the smell for before bed, very relaxing.
the smell on these products is not pleasant.
kinda smells like dirt.
i wasn't that fond of the smell
the smell doesn't bother me.
it has a bit of a weird smell also.
i did not like the way it smelled at all
this product has an odd smell
i can not tolerate that scent
the smell is an awful chemically odor that lingered on my face even after washing my face twice
aren't bothered by smells
i can't get over the smell of it
the smell was just something i couldn't get over
the smell is awful
the smell is ok.
and i wasn't crazy about how it smelled.
it left a weird residue.
i do like the smell.
it smells funny to me-- like how natural products smell when they've been on the shelf too long
just too thick for my taste
it just didn't smell good to me.
it does have a pleasant smell to it
guess it is a nice moisturizing oil however the smell is absolutely atrocious
it smells so bad so returning
its just that smell i can't st
i would like it better if it was odorless
the scent was okay
it does smell great
love the clean smell
at first i really loved the smell
the smell is great
i didn't like the texture or the smell.
it smelled odd, and was gritty.
smells lovely, and that's about it.
first thing about this is the smell.
it's really thick and smells weird.
noticed a really weird smell
i actually would give this mask 4 stars if it wasn't for the terrible smell
the smell was absolutely horrendous
the smell of the mask
the smell was ok
doesn't smell good at all
it smells great and applies easily.
you guys, this stuff smells terrible!
this mask really stinks!!
smells great as well.
it smells so good
smells nice, and lathers well too.
not so fond of the smell.
this stuff smells great
after you apply it you can smell the light scent to it which i liked
it has such a strong smell
the baby powder smell is really overwhelming
did not like the smell on my face at all
the old people smell
although it smelled very nice
the smell of this mask is not good at all
the scent is horrible
it is truly a cloying unpleasant smell
the smell is so overpowering
the smell is repulsive
i actually like the smell of those two products
the smell doesn't go away quickly.
one major bummer is the scent.
the scent itself isn't so bad.
however, i'm not crazy about the smell.
i love the smell of luna
definitely quite pungent and it lingers as well.
also, cannot get paste the terrible smell.
smells like motor oil.
thought the smell would be amazing
first off,it smells nothing like roses.
i can't describe the smell.
i don't know if i received a rotten/old batch or if this is the actual smell
the other problem with smell is it lingers forever
not only does it have an overwhelming scent of alcohol
this just smelled like straight up perfume.
it does smell really good
i love the smell.
on the other hand, it smells wonderful.
it does smell good.
i don't really notice the smell of the cleanser
however, the smell is too strong.
i liked the smell
smells like it's full of chemicals
i am not a person that complains about product scents
first off the scent is disgusting
i could smell it all day long on my face
i noticed dry spots too and it smells bad.
it also smells pretty gross.
smelled pretty while doing it
after smelling it for a bit
a friend smelled it on my h
if you don't mind smelling like a hippie den
it smells like iron
that smell is making me toss it too
i've used plenty of other natural products that don't smell like this
it smells like a harsh chemical
terrible smell as for a product that has fragrance in it
at least make it smell good
the smell is horrible
smelling it non stop does cause a headache
i can't get over the smell
to smell it on my face
it smells like ammonia
i also can not stand the smell.
the scent is okay
it smells nice but that is about it.
i liked the smell of the mask
it does smell amazing
the pros: this mask smells amazing
it does smell nice
it smells really good
the smell is really nice
it smells nice and works okay though.
it smell like violettes... not a fan of that.
it didn't smell very nice
it smells absoultely amazing and it's refreshing.
it smells really bad
however, the smell of this is just horrible.
it had an unpleasant bitter smell
the smell of this product is so strong
heavy oily product that didn't particularly smell pleasant
my greatest issue with this product is that it smells like alcohol
the scent of it is really discouraging
the scent is also pretty bad.
smells like cheap bathroom h
this is an oil that smells
i initially liked the smell
i realized the smell is great if you use it occasionally
the smell is something i don't favor.
smell is not too appealing either.
it feels greasy and smells like sun screen.
the stuff smells so nice!
because i love the smell
it has a very strong scent that is similar to rotten food or someone who hasn't showered in two weeks
had a slightly funky smell
not sure if this is perfume or just how it smells
the smell of this is not good.
it smells like alcohol
smell is very subtle and not unpleasant at all.
smell is very odd, not good.
it's sticky and smells bad.
it smelled like glue and did nothing for my face.
i wish it had a fresher scent to go to sleep with
unlike all of ole's products it has an awful perfume smell that was a huge turn off
the smell is almost nonexistent which is great
would not recommend to people who are sensitive to smells
i gave it two stars because it smelled pleasant
smell was a little alcohol-y
on top of smelling like grass it made me breakout
while this product smells nice
it dies smell nice
to me it was all the wrong smells in one
meadowy smell of the original cream is what i loved most
i liked it somewhat and it smelled nice.
i couldn't get past the flowery scent which smells kind of old-ladyish to me
heavy perfumy smell sting my nose
did not like the smell of it.
i love the idea of this product plus the smell is fantastic
it smells powdery but kinda musty.
it smells like something you'd find at the dollar store
the smell is divine
it smells the same as other kenzoki productsi feel like the product is overpriced
the smell is delicious
the last one had a different smell
it also smells nice.
i will say it smells great
however, the scent...no, make that the smell.
the smell is atrocious
the smell is nice, not too overpowering.
smells nice i suppose
it has a nice smell
oiliness decided to try this mask however the strong chemical smell is just unbearable to me
smells great and does not overdry skin.
it was thick, smelled bad, and was sticky.
i hated washing my face wit that smell
really strange smell i couldn't get past
the smell is lovely.
i can't get past the awful smell of this product to continue to use it
the smell and texture is nice.
it was ok, hate the smell.
i just hope it had a better smell.
to me it smells like smashed leaves
also has a very strong unpleasant smell
also has a good smell.
i should have realized when i smelled the product
love the smell was kinda hard to use have to get it really soapy
this bar soap has no smell whatsoever
why do you rob me a great smell?
a stinky no smell blant bar of soap
decided i'd sniff the bar to see how it smelled
what i wasn't happy about was that there was still no smell
i couldn't even find the hint of rose that i was able to smell faintly on the soap bar
it smells good, so that's a plus.
this oil smells great
love almost every smell out there
i love the smell
does not smell at all like blue tansy
the smell is mild
the smell was more cardboardy
however, this stuff stinks.
it is very overwhelming to smell on your face.
i loved the rose smell
can't stand the smell.
i don't know what it is about rose smells
the smell is intoxicating
the scent was not for me
in fact it smelled like plastic
however i'm a little bit disappointed by the smell
reading all the reviews i thought it would smell amazing
my tea smells exactly like this face oil.
i didn't care for the smell
it also smelled really bad.
it doesn't smell like anything
dear god the smell is repulsive
everyone says this mask smells so good
the smell is absolutely terrible
also it smells vile.
the smell isn't fun
the smell is very unappealing
plus, the smell is overwhelming and not pleasant.
strong smell, not too unpleasant.
the one thing about it that is a deal breaker is the awful smell
the smell doesn't bother me all that much
smell were nice enough
although packaging is great, the smell is not.
i cannot get over the horrid smell
it's not even a subtle smell
the smell is really not pleasant at all
the bad reviews were mainly about the smell
thinking that smells are personal opinions
how could it smell so bad with the ingredients inside it?
you can already smell the horrible stench
i've never smelt a face product that smells this
this is foul smelling
the smell lingers for hours
also, i hate the smell.
it smells like bacon
i smell like an old bonfire.
not to mention the smell is atrocious!!
the smell reminded me of rotten fish
i like the smell.
i pushed past the awful odor
it smells like rotten oranges
it smells like it
i really hate the smell
it smells like burnt pumpkin to me
first of all, i don't like the smell.
it left behind a horrible smell on my h
that smell lingered all day too
the reason why i give it 3 stars is the smell.
the smell is not pleasant!
also the smell was horrible.
it also has a very strong odor
never minded the smell or the sticky texture
it smells so sooo good too.
loved the smell at the store
does smell very milky
the smell is very perfumey
the smell is not offensive
otherwise good smell and cute packaging.
as for the smell
i did lock the smell
it smells and feels good.
i could not get passed the smell of this thing!
it also has a strong chemical odor.
the consistency is horrible and it smells.
for the horrid scent this has
the smell of this product is what turns me off the most
something about my body chemistry makes this stuff smell awful when i put it on despite smelling fine in the bottle
the smell is not the greatest
this had a ok smell to it
it didn't smell good at all and it stung my eyes.
it smells really fresh
it smells good and feel nice on my face.
this stuff smells good
it is a nice cleanser that smells really well
it also does really smell strongly
it smells like rubbing alcohol.
i also don't care for the smell.
it smells amazing and melts everything off.
i really wanted to like this cleanser because it smells nice
it smells good and does soften the skin.
the smell is just divine.
it does smell nice
i love the smell
didn't love the smell or the ingredients.
