hence this is good for those with dry skin.
it did not moiturize my combination dry skin.
i would recommend for dry skin
may work for you if you have very dry skin
my skin is so thirsty hours after application
i tend to have combination to dry skin
this cream could be great for people with really dry skin
climate:-normal to dry-dry to very dry
-sensitive-no history of acne-dry climate
it didn't do anything for my dry patches
either too oily or too dry
my face was really hot
when i finally did my oily skin was so dry
it feels tighter because it dries tight
it feels like it's tightening while drying
while this is still sticky
though it does have a cool application
it did not soothe dry patches of skin on my face nor did it calm redness on my cheeks like i was told it would
however, there are dry patches on my face.
i decided to go with one that's specifically for dry skin
it did eventually dry for me
if i were to buy it again it would be to layer with a decent moisturizer in the dry winter months
i think maybe it made my skin less dry?
was hoping for it to help my dry skin
takes a moment or two to dry
it seems to dry kind of like a gel on my skin
any little red dry patches on my face are gone
my skin is pretty dry
extra onto my dry patches
my skin was super dry
it left my skin a little dry.
still a little dry after using this
he felt that his skin was dry after using it too
can get dry at times
not that it dried me out.
i tend to wear it lightly on just the areas where i'm beginning to notice sun aging
i really like the extra moisture around my tires eyes
i always let it dry before i applied moisturizer
in fact, it made my under eye area very dry.
my under eye area felt dry
this is a great product for those who sometimes get dry around the eyes
i ordinarily have dry skin that never breaks out.
my skin feels very dry
all this cream has done is dry me out even more
it made my skin very dry
it completely dried out my skin which is strange for an overnight cream
my skin under my eye was bumpy
it made them dryer
this product is very drying to the face.
let those layers dry for about 5 or so minutes.
it made my skin dry
it is so drying
i felt this depleted my already dry aging skin
have normal to dry skin
especially with he dry winter we are having.
all this did was make my skin dry
leaves your skin like dry paper
waking up in the morning my skin felt 10x more dry
for someone with dry to very dry skin i am sure it would feel great
i don't suffer from extreme dry skin.
i do get winter dry
extremely dry skin on my eyelids
it hasn't decrease my oily areas or "drenched" my dry areas
it dried out my skin beyond belief.
perhaps i will try a different bobbi brown mask since this may work best for those with very dry skin all over
leaves skin extremely dry
dry enough that i had to start using a hydrating cream fo extremely dry skin to repair the damage
just made my skin dry
ncredibly dry my skin started cracking after about 3 uses
my skin was so dry
however, it made my skin so dry and so flakey.
not for dry skin
specially not during drier months
it dried me out so bad
it dried my skin out so bad that my face
this cleanser made my skin really dry.
didn't make my skin dry
when i first started using this i was extremely dry
it dried me out so bad that i flaked
if you are usually dry
the eye patch was uncomfortable enough that it affected my sleep
it feels like dry mask on your face after 5 minutes of aplication
i found waiting 10 minutes to allow it to sufficiently dry does help-
this dried my skin out and caused breakouts.
now that the weather has changed my skin has gone dryer
i do think its nice as a night cream when my skin is very dry
maybe a good choice for very dry skin!
all it did was leave me with dry skin
perhaps it's because i have dry skin
the grain size in this mask is really harsh
it also dries out my combination skin
have noticed that it really strips my combination skin of moisture
especially through the chillier months
after a few days of daily use it left my cheeks dry
it left my skin a bit dry sometimes
so this does not leave my skin dry
found this left my skin very dry
found his skin looked too tight
would not recommend if you have dry/dehydrated skin
it was non-drying, but that's about all.
my face did feel clean and it was non-drying.
it did dry out my skin which is already dehydrated
i used on clean dry skin
between the too dry to moisturize
feels doesn't dry up like most charcoal masks
the only bonus of this mask: it is not drying
i found it to be very drying.
sometimes it makes my skin too dry.
i switched from sunday riley's luna thinking my dry winter skin might benefit from some extra moisture
it was good for hot weather
skin still feels dry requiring repeat application
two of my dry faced friends with long term use said it made their skin flake
he got all dried out
they're still a few bumpy patches on my face
face cream for extra dry skin
it saturated my face well.
i love it for patches on my elbows that tend to get dry
with the change in temps on the east coast
it does a good job of locking in moisture
has done wonders for my dry skin
checking the next morning my skin is just as dry
this is good if you have dry skin
i'd wake up to still slightly-dry feeling skin
it left me with dry patches that were red
used it on other dried areas like my knees
i am always feeling dry
i don't think it's dense enough for very dry skin
thought this would help with my dry skin
is it meant to cool you off whole in the sun?
they melt in the heat.
cool when you first apply it
i still get dry areas around the corners of my eyes
it was like a wet candle.
i open it up to find it smelling moldy with a warm feeling
it felt great until it dried.
after it "dried" down it was still super tacky.
so probably good after being sunburnt
its good for dry patches, but it isn't cooling.
even worse than the tight feeling in my face was the dry white spots that appeared on my face after an hour of applying
as it dried down
sticky when it dried
my skin didn't soak up the moisture.
then use it -- even cooler
didn't dry it properly… why this is called cooling water?
the driest part of my face
those two products combined really dried out my skin
not only did it break me out its so dry
i tried this because the clarifying cleanser dried my skin out
it didn't my skin was dry
but really dries out my skin.
then insanely dry if i tried to remove that residue
my skin is pretty “normal”, not oily nor dry.
afterwards my skin didn't feel tight or dry
it’s no easier than running a washcloth under hot water
this just dried me out
i found it way too drying for my dry sensitive skin
it only made my skin more dry
like a dry oil almost
this changed my skin to very dry
it also made my dry patches appear
t's pretty hard to dry my face out
it smells like wet dog
doesn't leave it dry
didn't leave me too dry
it dried my face out so bad
this product dries out my face
however it leaves your skin feeling like you just washed it with a bar of cheap soap- dry
found it dried my face out terribly
this cleanser was too drying for me
unfortunately this cleanser is way too drying for me
was hoping there would be a cleanser for very dry skin
become so dry that i had to go back to my old cleanser
it was a bit drying as well
my normally dry skin gets oily
which is just too drying for my skin
helps with dry skin
dry throughout the day
i still had the same issues with itchy, dry eyes!
it did give me moisture
because my skin is dry
i still saw dry patches in my skin
even though i have dry skin
is that why this makes my face dry
it dries down on my skin
this made my skin so dry!
pretty much desert dry cheeks
when my skin was dry from the winter
definitely not meant for dry skin :
clung on to dry patches
dry or mature probably wouldn't go for this because it feels very gel like
seems to eliminate dry patches
dry patches on my face
i live in co and i had dry skin.
sometimes it stings on the dry patches of my cheeks
it dried my skin out
it not only made my skin dry
for something that claims to moisturize dry
it makes my normal/dry skin feel basically like the desert
definitely not for those with dry skin as advertised
i started getting dry patches
it broke me out and made my skin more dry.
it dried my skin
this one in specific left me skin dry
it somehow left my skin dry
it was way too thick
the moisture lasts a very
i think it would be great for folks with dry skin
helped with the dry skin especially around the chin area
my dry skin really drank it up
i do love the moisture
started using it during a hot summer in the south
under my eye was dry as a bone!
not intense enough for dry winter skin.
there was no moisture
these were the most drying
after travel the pads seemed drier
i still get dry patches every now
set my eyes it was still dry
living in a dry climate
t takes a bit of work with wet fingers
really bad product made my skin dry out
it felt more dry and irritated.
my skin is so dry
so if you have dry skin, i dont recommend.
my skin felt dry
my skin feels super dry
i get super dry
flaky in the winter/spring
this night mask did very little except for keeping my skin from drying during sleep
my face is super dry
in fact, i wore it on a very humid summer day.
i don't have dry skin
maybe it's because i already have dry skin
it would be good for someone with dry to combo skin
as long as its not too hot or humid of a day it stays okay
if it gets too hot or humid then i turn into a grease ball
i like the way it felt on my dry skin
dry under eye area with fine lines
it felt dry after 2 or 3 hours afterwards
my skin still felt dry after using it.
i live in a very humid climate
it didn't leave me dry
my face felt sticky until it had complete dried
maybe a few times a week at night or in cold/dry weather would work better
my face got drier and has been flaking off.
bought this due to dry winter skin.
i don't even have dry skin
then quickly my skin returns to dry
have extremely dry skin
this was so lightweight i had to apply another moisturizer 15 minutes after this one because my skin felt so parched
thought i would try the rose cream for my dry
if you truly have dry skin
which is slightly on the dry side
it is not hydrate enough for dry skin.
my mouth area feel very dry
i am in my 30s and have dry skin.
within in an hour my skin was so ridiculously dry
dry patches were peeling off
leaves my skin dry
as a person that has a normal-dry skin type
my nose is still dry after a few hours
this is just too dry to be wore alone
it seemed to dry my cheeks out as well.
it makes my skin look/feel parched
do not moisturizes dry areas as i wanted it to
my cheeks that are more dry do not get enough
after that my skin started getting dry in areas
this does nothing for my dry areas
my skin is extremely dry right now
i almost think it makes it more dry in some places of my face
definitely not a home run for those with dry skin
i still feel my skin very dry after using it
this product claims that using this will be like a "cool glass of water for your thirsty skin
i still go over it with argan oil to not feel dry
hydrates my dry patches
i live in a hot weather area
in hot weather yeast doesn't smell so great
the old formula was cool going on like that feeling of swimming in a pool on a hot summer day
just drys on skin
it dried out my skin
my skin is dry
i put it on damp skin like it said for sensitive skin
my skin is dry type
think this is not for dry skin for sure
it leaves my skin so dry.
it dries the same way
i think this is drying on the under eye area
that was so dry
this stuff pills/flakes off as soon as it is dry.
i don't have dry or flakey skin
my problem - it dried out my skin.
it was like a watered down oil.
in the long run it will dry out your skin
it does dry a little "stiff" or "sticky"
it made my face dry by morning
no dry spots and kept it hydrated.
it lathers up nicely and doesn't dry out my skin.
definitely not for dry skin!
it definitely dried out my face
just be careful using with wet h
face are thoroughly wet
sometimes persisting through winter
both were too dry
my dry skin still feels deprived of hydration
i guess my skin isn't as dry
which is good on a hot day
skin is still dry and it did zero brightening.
didn't think it was good enough for the winter time since i still had some dry skin spots
then it was constant dryness
after leaving it on overnight i would notice dry flakey patches that weren't there in the first place
my dry spots remained
i still had some dry spots
my skin felt dry & dull after use.
tried it on the dry skin on the back of my h
after a few hours my skin is dry
my skin will be back in dry mode
what's more interesting is that i don't have dry skin
in fact i'm finding i'm having to use another moisturizer on top of this one as my skin feels dry
with the humid climate my skin needed some help
the film that is left by this moisturizer becomes liquid again as opposed to dry
it feels like my face is more dry then before
my skin still looks dry
your skin isn't dry
for someone with moderately dry skin
it seemed to really dry my skin out
my skin feels super dry
not for dry or dehydrated skin.
i wouldn't recommend for dry skin.
it just doesnt do anything if you have dry skin.
in fact it made my skin feel dry
not enough moisture led to me being "oily dry" which led to more breakouts than i've seen since i was a teen
"oily-dryness" happens when your skin is producing too much oil to compensate for dryness
i don't have horribly dry skin
my skin still feels dry
actually made my skin feel drier!
if you suffer from dry skin
felt dry as if i put no moisturizer?
i still felt like my face was super dry
i woke up with dry patches all over my face
humid summer weather starting about now etc
it does nothing for my dry skin
s as it's no good for dry skin
but i find this to be too drying.
i don't describe my under eye area as dry either.
she has skin that tends to be on the dry side.
my combo face dries out pretty badly between dry winter air
my skin type is normal to dry.
it left my skin dry
my skin is really dry in the winter.
unfortunately this felt very drying
when my skin was parched
my skin felt dry already
i know la is dry
then my face begins to feel tight due to the dryness
dry in the mornings
both times i used it my face felt noticeably dry
that can really dry out your skin
i am super dry
this one did not cut the cake on my dryness
i didn't see an improvement on my texture or dry patches day or night
it dried out my eyes
dark circles i get in the morning from allergies
especially as the skin around my eyes has been feeling particularly dry
just needed something to nourish my dry skin
have very dry skin
i find that with the colder weather my skin is getting dry
not suited for dry skin
the bar seemed to dry out my skin a lot.
i find it too drying on my face.
it's winter here & i have very dry skin.
really emphasized some dry patches i can have towards the perimeter of my face
it's definitely not a good moisturizer for very dry skin
my skin will feel dry when i wake up
or if i wear this without makeup it still feels a little dry
this stuck to my dry patches
my skin felt dry the next morning
this has dried out my face so bad
crackly during dry/cold weather
i felt it made my skin too dry
for my skin being on the drier side
it just did not work without it feeling too dry
my skin became dry and flakey.
looks drier than normal -almost like i have used a powder foundation when my foundation is actually very creamy
my face feels super dry after using it
waited for it to dry
despite allowing this to dry for
may work better for dry/normal skin
it worked nice for my dry spots
made my dry skin look even more dry
although this product does not dry out my skin
pat it on my wet face
it doesn't offer much hydration for dry or sensitive skin
my skin type is sensitive/dry.
didn't feel overly dry
each time it made my skin look dry
with the dry climate my skin has been super oily to compensate
except it never dried
when i mixed it with foundation it looked very dried
my under eyes are dry
the next day my under eyes were extremely dry
or dry eye area
while it helps with dryness
this may work better for dry skin.
my skin still has dry patches
try it again in the colder months when my skin is more dry
no matter how much i warm it up on my fingers
it wasn't sufficient for my dehydrated skin since there was almost no "moisture" in it
it might be one for very dry skins
but after a hour my skin is back to dry.
/or live in a super dry climate
i think this would be great for someone with normal to dry skin
for people with dry skin isn't enough
mid-way through the day my skin started drying
i think this would be perfect for someone with a dry skin type though
this didn't help with my dry patches
by the end of the day my skin was dry
my skin is dry to normal
i think for dry skin this may work
have dry to combination skin
it made my skin dry.
i don't have a super dry skin
the moisture was on point for me
unfortunately broke my skin out i have sensitive dry skin so that must be why
my skin felt dry still after putting it on
dried the heck out of my skin after one use.
it was so drying
will be sticking to that -- this made my face feel way too dry
probably best for dry skin or as a winter moisturizer
my face felt dry soon after.
maybe my skin was too dry
because it is so thick
the most disappointing part is that my skin has never been so dry
i don't have dry skin though
it has a thick texture, but isn't too heavy.
it adds a nice layer of moisture without being too wet
though it is silky smooth i think this would be best for those with normal to dry skin
my skin is mostly dry except a bit of oiliness on my nose which is pretty typical for everyone
my it made my skin so dry
i feel that it will dry my skin some days
certain places can get dry while the rest will look really oily
moisture surge in the morning
it does not hydrate dry or dehydrated skin
it was too thick to use as a daytime moisturizer
might work for folks with dry skin
if anything its worse because it looks like dry flecks of skin are coming off my face
my skin felt drier after i put this on
my skin is still dry in its usual areas
when the weather got warmer it started taking longer to be absorbed by my skin
i only use this product during the cold months to give my skin a moisture boost
when my skin is in a thirsty need this is what i used
for me it made the product unusable
i would only suggest using this as a spot treatment for super dry patches or if your skin in dry
the weekend that i tried this out was an oddly dry skin moment for me
i also find that i need to use a lot of it to get the kind of moisture i do need on the parts of my face that are dry
it definitely moisturizes my dry patches.
it is just too thick
this felt very nice on my combination to dry skin
would probably work for those with very dry skin
it is so slippery
acne prone or even live in a humid environment
it also takes too long to dry.
this product is horrible for dry skin.
would not recommend to anyone with dry skin
my skin is dry
it dried out my skin
even with cooler temperatures
it seemed as though my skin was dry by the end of the night
this should be marketed for those with dry skin
wet for over 20 minutes
this also leaves my skin a little on the dry side
also leaves my skin feeling very dry
it dries out your skin.
i used cold water after and it seemed to help.
i felt dried out even after applying moisturizer.
the smell subsides after awhile as the peel dries
it comes right off with warm water
the result is dry
this dried so fast while applying that it was difficult to layer in order to make thicker
it had a really strong chemical odor as it dried.
it dried my skin
after peeling, the skin is drier than before.
afterwards it was dry and irritated.
i just washed it off with warm water.
i eventually had to get it off with warm water
this mask makes my face feel very dry
my skin was drier than before i put it on
i think it is a little too drying on my skin
dried my skin out :
it seems to leave my skin feeling dry
i got a dry skin.
then my skin's just drier :
left my skin dry
it doesn't dry and shrink the pores.
but a little oily for my dry combination skin !
it dries up too quickly on my skin
i let the product dry
my skin feels dry
it feels so dirty and dry.
bought this product because i have noticed a few dry patches on my skin that i'm not very fond of
left my skin feeling very dry
dry acne prone skin
i loved how it would dry quickly
i could feel my skin getting dry again
as my boscia cleanser was a little drying
drying afterwards on my skin
my skin was very dry
i live in cold
i can feel the irritation when my skin is dry.
all it did was dry out my skin!
stung a little bit if i had an extra dry spot
i'd say more oily than dry
i used this in the moring for light moisture.
this is way too sticky to use as a moisturizer during the day for me
i not only got dry skin in some areas
found this too drying
this may work for people who don't have really dry skin
all this did was dry my skin out which made my skin produce more oil
this was drying on my combination skin
it has left my chin area extremely dry to the point where i have flaky skin
it caused my foundations to cling to dry areas
it really dried it out.
it seemed to over dry the part of my skin that was already dry
however i need a good moisturizer during wintertime or my skin dries
not only did the dry
dry skin in the winter
my skin is still dry
when i used this it made my skin super dry i even had to use another moisturizer on top of it
very dry at the same time
it dried up my already dry patches on my face
i got very sunburned even though i covered my face well with it
the problem with this cleanser i feel like its too drying on my skin
made my skin feel dry afterwards
made my eyes water even after i dried off
it made my skin dry out
this product make my skin very dry, hurt my eyes.
almost feels drying, actually!
it also felt sticky because it would soak into my cotton pad
this is not a dry oil
it dried me out to an uncomfortable level
the next day i got one abnormally large pimple in a place where i never typically would break out
this oil in particular claims to be a dry oil
my sensitive-dry skin
once it dried it was a sticky
it made my skin tight and dry.
though my skin feels pretty dry right now
used a cloth with warm water to remove it 30 minutes ago
it left my skin dry
do not recommend for someone with dry skin.
it made my skin really dry
when i get overheated in an area with poor air circulation
i think it would be good for people who don't have dry skin
with not enough moisture
the fact that it didn't lend the slightest bit of hydration or moisture to my normal-to-dry under eyes
not in a drying way
it is not as drying as the black mask
i rinse my face with warm water
also doesn't dry as well
it was drying as i was applying making it very hard to spread over face
i could not peel it off at all i had to wash it off with warm water
skin seemed very dry after peeling it off
says to leave on for 25 min or until dry.
took an hour to dry!
i notice it helped with my flaky dry eyes
it didn't do the trick for my dry skin
made my skin dry
it dried me out so bad
i got this very dry patch about 3 days in
the mask can get quite warm initially
who has dry skin
especially with dry patches
my skin felt drier than before
when it turns white it has that slightly warm feeling that's dissipates rather quickly
but once it came off my skin was very dry.
my skin felt drier after each use
i kept it on the full amount of time because it said it would be "warm
the warming / burning was very uncomfortable
for very dry skin i'll just keep searching
which just dries me out
which causes tons of dry skin in the winter time
i found it drying
if your skin is dry
dry skin was not irritated by the ingredients
i used this during the winter months when my skin turns dry
my skin is very dry
for someone with extremely dry skin
this soap was very drying
it definitely doesn't work as a dry oil that absorbs quickly
this mask made my skin 20 times dryer than my "normal dry"
i do not recommend this for dry skin.
my skin is like a liitle bit dry on the cheeks
my skin feels extra dry after unsing it
end up thick or patchy or not on at all
if you need moisture
good for dry skin
fyi: i have normal to dry skin
i think this would be better for normal/dry skin types
to help my dry areas around my chin
this product caused my face to become so dry
really dries out my skin
minus another star because it can be drying.
however, its super drying.
it dried my sensative/dry skin out wayyyy too much
afterwards my face started feeling horribly dry
sadly made my skin even more dry
it was not beneficial for my normal-to-dry
it wasn't until the third day that i noticed my skin revealing dry patches
it was until the next week not using the cleanser that my dry patches diminished
unfortunately it made my skin parched
doesn't dry out my skin
it dries out my poor skin!
it may be a problem for someone with dry to very dry skin
it made my drier areas even drier than before
not too much to a dry combination like myself.
if i don't, my skin is very dry the next day.
leaves skin feeling just as dry as before
after an hour or so the dry spots on my skin feel very dry again
for the price you would think it would help dry skin
my skin was dried
my skin is dry year round with an oily tzone in summer months
it would personally be good for me in the hot humid months
as of right now in the frigid winter months its not enough
my dry skin felt very tight
after about 15 minutes my face felt dry
this product is not go for winter weather.
the only difference i've noticed is my skins seems more dry
just by itself my skin feels a little dry
it keeps my face so dry that i never expect for it
i'll use is in warmer weather.
this moisturiser leave my face so dry
would not recommand if you have dry skin.
this left my skin so dry
tight in a bad way :(
am left with tightness that's something i try to avoid as someone with dry skin
it makes my skin so dry looking that i only use it as a spot treatment
create dry flakey spots
oily t-zone an the rest of my face is fairly dry
this product makes my skin even more drying
you have to wait for it to dry
it's great hydration on my dry skin
great primer whether your skin is dry/oily.
bottom half dry/scaly
it made my skin look very dry
had almost a dry scaly texture
it clung to dry patches on my face
after this bunched up in dry areas
i think it actually made my under eye area more dry
my under eye area got flakey
dry when i started to use this cream
the longer i used it my under eyes got really dry
it left my undereye area feeling dry
wouldn't call it "drying"
since that area tends to get really dry
i couldn't even wear makeup under my eyes because it just clung to my dry patches
after an hour or so the skin under my eyes feels a bit dry
dryness or fine lines
it gave me dry red patches all around my eyes that burned
it dried my skin out
it dried my under eye skin
separated due to lack of moisture as the bye bye undereye cream dried out the skin under my eyes
i am very dry.
it dried my eyes so bad.
i felt like it dried my eye area
by mid-morning my under eyes feel dry
i think if you have dry skin
like it would be great for my dry skin
i still felt dry after applying a generous amount of moisturizer
my skin is not that dry and i felt like it was.
i would only recommend this if you have very dry skin
by the end of the day i was dry again
dry spots stayed the same
my skin is both dry
this is only okay at helping my dryness
moisturize before using this or it's going to stick to the dry patches
i found i did get some dry spots while using this product
cakes up where my skin is partially dry
clung to my dry patches
it is very drying
it will literally cling onto every dry patch
it caused my skin to get dry spots.
this even made my dry skin feel oily.
it made my dry skin worse.
if you apply this over dry or flaky skin
would cling to any dry skin
this is not good at all for dry skin.
i don't have excessively dry skin
no dry patches or anything like that
it seems to be drying yet it feels so heavy
because my face is usually so dry
cold hands, warm heart?
dry patches across my face -- if you have sensitive skin
worst of all i felt that when it dried in my basin it reconstituted to it's thick
it did get milky when i added warm water
the consistency stays really balmy
i just dont see any milkiness to it when paired with warm water
let your face air dry
i can't stand waiting for my face to air dry.
i've tried letting it dry down for 30 minutes
especially during the winter when the air is really dry
this product dried out my skin!
it stays on top until you can see the dry cream layer
more for really dry skin in my opinion
it smells to me like hay or dried grass.
i also find this a bit on the sticky side.
body cream for my dry
got rid of the dry patches
even after i tried washing it away with warm water
actually seemed to dry it out
the product is hardened in the bottle unless you run it under warm water or are in a warm place
i would only use this if my skin had its rare dry
this made my dry spots look worse
my face is still dry
i am back on the hunt for something to help my dry
i tend to get dry skin during the winter
my dry skin even sort of feels like it looks oilier throughout the day while wearing this with or without makeup over it
for reference i have dry
it was very drying
the cleansing bar was too drying for my skin
these products left my skin bone-dry
dried out my skin
clean without feeling sticky or too dry
my skin feels super dry after the second time.
it feels slightly unsanitary to have the bar sitting out as it dries
this was very drying
it did make my face feel clean but it was dry.
it left my skin feeling super super dry
it doesn't dry out my face
it also left my skin dry
i found it to be a little drying in some areas.
my skin feels dry after
it is very hard to remove off the skin when dried down
try to keep it wet with a mist
my eyes area still feels dry.
at first i used it for a severely dry
it's really helped with my dry winter skin!
the moisture mask method has kept me going all week
cream for my super dry h
after it dried it was sticky
i found the moisturizer to be quite drying
it made my skin feel drier
it feels very drying
perfect for those who don't have severe under eye darkness
it was way too thick
more of a thicker dry cream than a fluid cream
i noticed very dry spots on my eyelids
although i did love the product in the beginning it dried my under eyes badly
i used a small amount on my hairline where i get dry spots
my face is dry in the morning after using
i started to notice dry patches which i never had
my face feels dry all day
caused scaling dry & red patches.
i don't have especially dry skin
this made my skin feel quite dry
my skin is not what you would consider dry
it's dried out my face
i am 53 and have normal/dry skin.
feels sticky then has a nice dry down
yet my skin still feels dry after putting it on
it actually began to give me some dry
doesn't cling to dry patches
tried it for my dry skin
feel drier after throughout the day
my foundation was really drying it out
as this product on its own is not hydrating enough for my dry skin
i will say that it did calm the flakes
it dried my skin out quite a bit
my skin hasn't been this dry and flaky in years.
t is quite human/my skin was not dry to begin with
covered in white heads while the other was dry
it is designed for very dry skin
when it dried down it felt sticky
my skin actually felt dry
wanted something that would help hydrate my dry skin
my skin always felt dry.
doesn't dry fast enough.
although my skin is dry
i went into sephora hoping to find a moisturizer that would help my severely dry skin
said that it would completely fix my dry skin
i find that i still have a few dry patches
i still had dry flakes
my face was slippery all the time.
for dry skin that needs moisture
it's also so dry it peels in areas around the nose
it was extremely dry with flaky patches
not for people with dry skin
dry just like it had been before
my skin still feels dry
i don't like this product because it is so fast dry on my skin
this product gave me dry flakes all over my face that was super emabrassing
my skin felt dry
as thats where i tend to lean dry
which then turned into a very dry
my skin isn't particularly dry
also it kinda ''sticks'' to your dry patches.
it also caught on to every dry flake
i didn't realize my face was that dry
t already feels like it’s drying up
and the cushion is already almost dry.
moisturizer i still get dry
it made my skin super dry
i only recommend this for people with dry skin.
which makes it great for a sunny day on the beach or at the pool
super greasy and didn't soak into my dry skin.
definitely would work better for dry skin or if you're in a dry climate in my opinion
i find this eye reviver too dry on my skin
my skin was drier
dried it out so much
i tried it in the winter when my skin was a bit drier
this product was way too harsh on my combo/ dry skin
the bad news is it left my skin dry
i wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has a drier skin type
mildly flaky dry spot
normally i don't have any dry patches
my dry patches almost immediately cleared
where the summer is hot
my skin feels dry again
after knowing that my skin is super dry
beside that it give no moisture to my skin
it dried down pretty fast
it softens my dry ends.
it's been really dry
all the people with dry skin saying oily skin types won't like this are just assuming
just when i'm feeling extra dry
it also dried my skin out more
it was somehow drying
especially if you wet your h
found this facewash very drying
after using it for a few days in a row i had large dry patches on my cheeks
wouldn't recommend for dry skin.
it left my skin dry
this formula was a bit drying on my skin
laser to see how dry my skin really was
product states for normal to dry skin.
some times i get little dry patches.
left my skin even more dry
this dried out my skin very badly.
instead of hydrating it dries out my skin so bad.
it dried out my skin so badly.
obviously not worth the dry patches
no matter how much moisturizer i put on my skin was still dry
after continued use it caused my skin to became extremely dry with rough patches
it did not work for me even when applied only over the dry areas of my face
weather was dry and it made my skin glow.
now in the humid midwest it's way to heavy for me
and i have as dry a skin you can get.
my skin is normal to dry
my skin seemed drier
it seemed to dry my skin out!
more to not feel that tight dry skin feeling
this didn't work well on my combination/dry skin
makes my under eyes feel dry
it actually dried my under eye area
made my skin dry with layer of oil.
it did not seem to moisturize my eyes as they got dry
the last bottle i got dried my skin out so badly
skin still felt dry
left my cheek area dry
it was to harsh for my skin
left it very dry
after a couple days created dry patches under my eyes that would not absorb moisturizer
it is a little thick and can be drying.
i felt like it made my face look dry if the foundation had even a slight matte finish
rolls into little dry bits
really dries out my face
felt it didn't really absorb well into my dry patches
as it did absorb well into my less dry areas
this felt very drying
my skin is very dry, and this did not help.
i really don't think this is meant for dry skin
not sure this is for my dry skin girls out there!
my skin is all dry when i wake up
not enough that i didn't have dry patches
this product is really bad it's very dry
even though it has dried
the skin around my eyes became super dry
in the end my skin felt parched
in need for moisture
need moisture year round
it dries me out in the places
where i am sometimes oily i am way too dry.
normal to dry everywhere else depending on the day
after trying it for a few days my skin has become super dry
still tends to sting my dry spots especially around my nose where i am the most driest
it didn't dry my overly dry skin out further
it dried out my skin
this cleanser really dried out my face after one use
won't dry you out
the cleanser was harsh and drying on my skin.
super drying on my neck
when i get out of the shower my face is very dry
products for oil control should dry matte
i'd rather use a moisturizer that does not dry out my cheeks
this product dried my skin so much it caused it to flake
my skin dried out
my mouth area being dry with some redness
it seemed to cause the dry areas to be a little dryer than they were already
wasn't enough for the dry parts
my skin got dry enough to start peeling.
especially in the warmer months to come
not drying or irritating my skin
the area around my nose getting very dry
for me it wasn't enough moisture for the winter months
it's not hydrated enough if you have dry skin
it made my under eyes look dry
this eye cream does seem to make my undereyes less dry
that was a shade too dark
it also catches all my dry patches
this was very drying
i found this product to be drying.
it picked up every flake, every dry patch.
might be better for people with normal to dry skin
it's probs good for those with dry skin.
the moisturizer just make my skin very dry.
even though it is a dry oil
not too oily not too dry
i found it started to dry out the skin around my mouth
i usually don't get dry skin
it almost made my lips feel drier than usual after it soaked in
i don't know if it works better for people with dry skin
this dried my skin out!
this is definitely a product for dry/older skin
as soon as i started using it my dry skin looks horrible
also really dried my skin out
alone it's very drying
this one made me so dry
since i have dry skin my pores are very small
besides that i found this drying like drying
all it did was make me really dry which in turn made me greasy with flared up dry patches
this dried out my skin
does nothing for my make up or my dry/normal skin
did nothing for my skin but dried it out.
that is not my skin i am typically dry
literally does nothing but make my face more dry.
it did not feel drying
not drying st all
not suitable for dry skin at all.
too thick in my opinion
i find that it does mattify without making my skin tight or too dry
however it leaves my dry skin feeling tight
it didn't dry my skin out
don't wake up with dry or flaky skin
it is a heavy cream for drier skins
it did nothing for the really dry patches on my face
returned it as it was very sticky on the skin
if you are looking at the moisture surge line
after it dries it feels kind of greasy
this mask left my skin so dry i couldn't even believe it
my skin is never dry because it produces just so much oil
it really did look like this had the opportunity to highly hydrate dry skin
my skin was really dry so a sephora employee recommended this to me
it left my skin so dry it was peeling the next day
it really did look like this had the opportunity to highly hydrate dry skin
dried out my skin
my skin is very dry
do not recommend for dry skin
my skin changes like weather
some days it's really dry
i needed a water based product that would moisturize my skin on its dry days
more dry than oily
i felt like it never dried my face looked wet
it tends to be more dry especially around my nose
my face started drying out in my problem areas :
my face was still dry
returning because it didn't hydrate my dry cheeks
for my skin needs which are sun damage /sun spots i saw no difference in the color of my skin tone nor any benefits
my skin feels very dry after using it
my skin is very dry naturally
think this product would be wonderful for normal to moderately dry skin
7 days in i started to notice a bit drying
humidity both the eye cream
worst of all under the eye became so dry that my concealer would get stuck in the creases
i am prone to dry skin
this makes my skin feel slightly dry afterwards
this is too drying
this is so drying ... why?
i also found my face didn't feel too dry after use
very bad choice for dry skin types.
this stripped all moisture out of my skin.
once it is stripped i tend to break out around my mouth where my skin is the most dry
this product has been working great on my normal/dry skin
cleaned my face well without drying out my skin
this dried my skin out so much
left it feeling super dry
the drier my skin seems to become
found it drying on my skin
found it too drying
having an exposed opening on the bottom of the container also seems pretty unsanitary to me
although a little dry —which i ignored as it does tend to happen to me with most cleansers
dry it does make me break out sometimes in different areas
dry my normally very oily face skin out until i had to resort to a hydrating oil
my face felt hot
also left me quite dry even on my super oily t-zone
it leaves my combination skin feeling a touch tight in the dry areas
went out of my way to keep it dry
stored it outside the bathroom because of humidity
it's a little drying on the skin
even in the summer humidity
leaves skin somewhat dry until you apply a moisturizer
it makes my skin drier
even out of the humid bathroom in order to conserve the product
it leaves my skin dry
t leaves my skin feeling dry
i wonder if this attracts bacteria by sitting in wetness out in the open all the time
it doesn't completely dry
orange extracts which can irritate those who have dry or sensitive skin
it made my face hot
it soaked in and dried up pretty quickly.
and i was parched and dried out.
(i have dry acne prone skin)
f you have dry or combo dry skin i would skip this product
my skin looked old, tired, and dry.
did not dry out my skin
low ph and my skin feels tight and dry?
doesn't strip my dry skin
my skin feels really dry
not sure of any benefit other than maybe over a winter dry patch
my normally smooth skin became dry
i spread it over my face when still damp.
if you apply on a completely dry face
became frozen then thawed out
as it started soaking into my skin it became really sticky
my skin is dry/dehydrated and sensitive.
i am 31 years old with dry skin
it didn't dry or irritate
this mask dried my skin out so bad it felt like s
i used this a lot last summer when my skin was constantly dry
still had dry spots
to people with extremely dry skin
it totally stops my dry skin in it's tracks!
my skin continued to feel dry
was hoping this product would be a home run for my dry skin
not too dry or oily
after about 5 mins my skin was super dry
make my normal/dry skin extremely dry
my skin became super dry and rough.
do not recommend for dry skin.
so the clay is perfect for drying up my heat-induced pimples
dry stage that many masks do
my skin is also dry and very dehydrated.
this mask did not dry out my skin at all
after using this it left my skin feeling super dry
i can feel my eyes area gets dry
i didn't anticipate it having an almost dry
it made my skin feel dry
plan to try it again in the winter when my skin is quite dry
while i was using this not one time did my foundation stick to any dry patches
the sides of my nose are extremely dry
/or during the dry
i'd definitely would recommend for someone with dry skin 35yrs+
not dry, not oily.
summer heat in my area
the acne spot got dried out
this leaves my skin feeling a touch too dry for my liking
it doesn't dry out your face
still left my skin dry
this eye cream is good for moisture
that you apply to dry skin
i am 30 with normal to dry skin
i noticed that on warmer days it makes my skin very oily
not in the sun
it left an almost sticky feeling on my skin after it dried
it felt just as dry as before i didn't have moisturizer on
after a few hours i felt that my skin got dry
felt like my skin remained dry
on days where my skin is just extra dry i found that i had to use a lot of this cream in order for my face not to feel extremely dry
this product helped with my dry areas
would not fix dry patches or moisturize my skin very well
this moisture cream sounded perfect for my combination skin that is often parched
i also didn't find that this added any hydration to my dry/combo skin
i do not have dry patches or flakey skin
my face is left feeling dry
then my skin was wanting more moisture
especially that despite the drought
oil started to develop very quickly in those dry areas
the product leaves my skin feeling dried
my skin is oilier during the day when i use this
however the product is way too drying for my skin
i will continue to use it because it doesn't over dry my skin
combo/dry skin people beware- its incredibly drying
i imagine only good for those living in particularly humid conditions
this was when my skin was being really oily during the summer
it seemed to dry my face out
this would be great for parched skin.
however i have very dry skin
let me start off by saying i have normal to dry skin mostly normal
it wasn't super drying
after the first to days i got that dry feeling
the dry skin people know the feeling after you put on a product
your skin is just left feeling dry
wanting/needing more moisture
i, obviously, have dry skin.
my skin in the morning felt more dry than it ever has
by the end of the day my face was very dry
waited for it to dry
now my whole face looks dry
this winter my skin has been especially dry
my skin is dry
my skin is on the drier side
this moisturizer was not enough to combat my dry skin
definitely not a fix for dry/dull skin
doesn't work well for my dry skin this winter.
this is a very light moisturizer that dries almost immediately
it causes my dry patches to flake like crazy
alone moisturizer in the winter months because it doesn't adequately moisturize my very dry skin for the entire night or day
it made my skin bumpy as well
it dried me out in the spots i didn't need drying
i find that i have to use a lot more to get rid of the dry spots
it only dried out
dry or combo skin
my face got sooo dry
do nothing to help dry or flaky skin
it was a hot day
a dry patch on my cheek
once i waited for it to dry
with the change in weather
when my skin is dry
i wouldn't recommend using it in warm
it was good for my dry patches
only purchase if you have normal to dry skin.
acne prone skin that has been suffering with dryness over these winter months
it made my normal skin feel dry
became super dry after using it
so now i just put it on my dry areas: nose
have been on the hunt for a moisturizer that does not leave me with dry patches
it was still on the drier side
i didn't have any specific dry patches
this dried out my combo skin
good for very dry skin.
unless you have the driest of skin
i will say it is a great cream for those with dry or flaky skin from winter or retinol products
i did blend it between my fingers to warm it up
after i wash my face my skin is still dry
started using retin-a so my skin has been extra super dry
worked well on my super dry skin
why do so many "fresh" products sport a scent like rotting lawn cuttings?
i gave it to my mother who has a dry complexion
literally smells like a mix of wet dog
makeup consultant recommended this for my dry skin
left my skin just as dry as it was.
made my face dry out.
now i have dry skin patches which i never had before
even during the winter when i have very dry skin
this moisturizer is amazing on my dry skin
it smells like wet dog
ultra moisturising for my dry winter skin
still felt very dry
not enough moisture for my 47-year old skin
it is mostly dry
it used to dry off my skin, but not anymore.
i can tell that it needs moisture since i live in a very dry climate
especially during the hotter
for areas that need a little extra moisture
this product dried out my skin
irritation in the drier areas of my face
it dried me out like crazy
no irritation or dryness at all.
i loved how this product dried
i realized it made my eyes look drier
it makes the skin around the corners of my eyes so dry
had to reapply during the day just so skin wouldn't feel so thirsty
it actually made my eyelids have dry patches which is something i had never experienced before
it started to feel hot
it didn't dry my skin out.
i think it would be great for someone with normal/dry skin not sensitive
woke up with dry irritated skin
they must have with the name as my skin is still dry even after using this
my situation: dry skin at my cheek
maybe it would have been better in mid winter under drier weather conditions
my dry areas are still dry
in the version for dry skin
t's good for my dry skin
no amount of moisturizer or even oil would keep my skin from feeling dry the next morning
doesn't dry your face
but now find this to be too drying.
when i dried my face it just felt greasy.
with the winter wind i've been dry
i would avoid this unless you have completely parched skin
would be good for very dry skin
if you need moisture
when i put this on dry skin with a cotton pad
i'd hate to stop using this cleanser now because it was the only thing that didn't dry out my already dry skin
it is too thick
while it sometimes leaves my skin feeling tight
sensitive skin or even dry skin then this would be a nice cleanser for you
someone recommended this to me because i have dry
use this one in the morning to help with my dryness
it leaves my skin a bit dry.
it left my skin duel and dry.
now leaves me feeling very dry
this dried out my skin terribly
doesn't dry my face out
it really dried out my skin
it started to be very drying
it didn't irritate or dry out my skin at all which was great
however i don't feel like it was strong enough to dry out fresh pimples
it wasn't irritating on my very dry
didn't dry them out
was let down when i saw that the spot were just as dry they didnt get as dry as the murad
pros: very light and does not dry out skin.
moisture it just made them greasy
at first i thought it was the dry climate
this seems to dry by the time i wake up.
this hot feeling cannot be good for the skin
too drying for my combination skin
good for normal to slightly dry skin.
my skin didnt feel itchy at all because of dryness
i would suggest only for dry to combo skin
because my skin starts to look dry
lean towards more dry
bought it for the chicago winter when my skin is dry
it does keep my skin from drying out
even in the winter
i think it may have even dried my skin out
i chocked it up to lack of moisture in the cream
as i have dry skin
very dry in other areas
certainly not for the harsh winter weather
it still leaves my face feeling dry
this dries my skin
purchased this in the winter when i have problems with dryness
nor dry or oily
this gave me dry patches all over
oily t + dry all around
it left my skin feeling dry
i also find it a bit drying
the good: this cleanser actually cleans without drying
it dried out my skin
skin dullness or have dry skin
this cleanser for some reason really dried out my nose
also, it made my skin feel uncomfortably dry.
ful of times my skin has become dry afterwards
it is indeed drying
dry along with having rosacea
it also leaves my skin dry
my skin got really dry
it took a while for it to dry on my skin.
this leaves my skin feeling dry
t's very difficult to find something that won't dry me out
the only thing it did was make my skin excessively dry
caused breakouts on my normal to dry skin
it was supposed to cool down my skin
had to stop using it because my skin became really dry
correct my dry patches
the next morning my face would be visibly dry
emphasizing the dry patches even more
i feel like i need a bit more moisture in my face bc i dry out in some spots
red in certain areas from being so dry
did nothing for my redness and dry skin.
a sephora associate told me that it is only meant to be hydrating for dry skin which might appear red
this has really helped bring the moisture back to my already moisture-lacking skin
it really leaves my skin feeling dry
it is the perfect amount of moisture for my skin in the winter time
my skin got very bumpy looking
a bit iffy to put on
even when i keep the bar in a dry environment
wait for it dry
if you dont wait for it to dry
which is kind of rough on the skin
i wind up with a dry bar pulling on my skin
i leave it in a soap dish with drainage so that it stays dry
i feel like it starts to dry out my skin within 3 days of continuous use
keep it in a soap container that is water tight
give it a moment to air dry after each use
dried out my skin
in the shower for 5 minutes or more until it dries before you can rinse it
it also dried it out
after using this for a few days my skin felt very dry
dry around my nose
if applied by mistake on normal or dry skin
takes a long time to dry
drying out my sensitive skin
like most cleansers for dry skin
i got it primarily because of the winter dryness i tend to get
my skin gets dry
my skin got really dry
i need to wait at least 10 minutes before my skin is "dry"
when i get out of the shower my skin does get dry
it clung to dry patches
not a very nice product if you have dry skin
my cheeks get really dry
while providing moisture to my dry spots
i find it to be overall very drying on my skin
this made me dry out so bad to the point were my skin was peeling
if you suffer with dry skin i would stay away from this product
even in the dry of winter
would work great for normal/dry skin
i used it at night on these dry patches i got on my cheeks from the winter
my skin was so dried out even my lips
this dried out my face so badly!!
my face got so dry
which i usually get dry around my nose
this stuff gave me huge dry spots on my cheeks
would not use this by itself because i have really dry skin
it didn't help dry areas
does not leave my skin feeling dry
harsh winter weather ridden skin
because it makes my eyes so dry
they aren't normally dry
i find it to be very drying--
drying for my face
my skin is normal-dry.
it doesn't dry out my sensitive skin
did nothing except provide some moisture
as i am still just as dry
it pills if you try to use it as a base under make-up if you have dry skin
dry during winter and oily in summer.
but this did not work on my (dry) skin.
my skin looked drier than normal
the last thing you want after an already overly dry flight is to feel tight
i would not recommend this product to anyone with dry skin
dried out my skin to the point that i was having massive break outs due to my thirsty skin
feeling dry isn't comfortable
if my skin gets too dry it causes more acne
very dry in the winter
it burns like fire from hades
my skin became dry and flaky is some area.
super dry everywhere else
straight up burned my drier areas
it was way too drying for my skin
my skin was dry
it does give light moisture
it was too drying
im dry everywhere else
i live in a humid climate
f your skin is on the dry side
as i have some issues with drying when the winds come up
my skin was so dry i had to pile on other moisturizers
it was way too thick
thought this would be a nice cooling lotion that wouldn't feel too thick or hot on my skin
you could store it/tote it under rough conditions
what my skin wanted on hot days it was a treat
instead it made my face super dry
i think anyone with dry skin should give this a shot
my face felt so dry
my skin would still feel dry because it never absorbed
my skin was extremely dry
far too hydrating for warm weather
who suffers from extremely dry skin
still searching for that cream that will help his dry/cracking skin
s feel dry within an hour of using
in fact it seems rather drying
sometimes i wake up with dry patches on my face
that may be the cause of the dry patches in the morning
this was too thick for my face
i am now in love with ddf oil-free moisture dew with spf 15
my skin feels like it is dry
have dry dehydrated skin with sun damage
dry at the same time
this works for me as my skin is on the drier side
there was no moisture.
i live in a mountain desert climate where there is no humidity
it might work for someone who has more seriously "dry" skin
i've learned after a while that skin that behaves like dry skin isn't always dry per se in terms of skin type
never seems to absorb even when my skin is parched or thirsty
even though my skin is dry
it is not to tropical region friendly since on a warm day
as my skin has suffered from the cold
being indoors in heat
revisit it once the weather turns warmer
but doesn't really work for dry skin.
i think this would be a wonderful product if you have normal to dry skin
i think this would work really well for dry skin.
however it worked well for my boyfriend because he has very dry skin
so dry that it peels off
it leaves my face a little dry.
i found it to be drying
at sephora that my skin was dry
doesn't dry you out
it does the job without stripping my skin of moisture
he has dry skin
as rich as this cream feels it didn't prevent me from getting the dry patch that i tend to develop along my left smile line when it starts getting cold
keep in mind i have combination oily skin not dry
my skin felt tight and parched all day long.
i needed some extra moisture in my under eye area
my under eye area still needs extra moisture
it will add some moisture (not a lot).
it would be suitable for someone in early twenties in a more humid climate
my under eye area is dry
it kind of dried out my eyes
it dries my skin to where i have to wear another eye cream to combat the dryness
warm up at first when i apply it
i like this in the summer because it cools me down
i don't recommend this if you are experiencing dry
however, my skin got really dry after the mask.
i used it every other day when i am in dry areas.
it also left it dry as a result
i still felt tight and dry after using it.
i actually feel dry
winter in the bay area
maybe i got a dried out container
i ordered this by accident- i meant to order the mega rich face cream which is a nice summer moisturizer for my dry skin
did not help with dry skin.
it is too watery
in the autumn when it is getting cooler
it dried out the skin under my eyes
it's almost sort of drying
dry/somewhat oily in warm weather
i tried this product in very cold weather
thought i'd try out a new moisturizer for dry winter skin
leaving my dry skin moisturized
i told the woman at sephora i had really dry skin
this did nothing to keep my dry winter skin moisturized
it feels too thick when applied to my face
noooo the next day my skin was the driest its ever been in my life i woke up with a million zits
sales person told me not to buy if i have dry skin
saying show she has dry skin also
within the hour i have dry patches showing through my makeup
i actually found it kind of drying
thats saying something since i have dry skin already
with a tendency to dry out during colder weather
halfway through the day my skin was way drier than it should have been
seemed to be making it drier
it definitely did no favors for my normal/dry skin
i still have some dry patches on my face that don't seem to soak up the moisture
i still have a hard time with the sticky texture
a bit disappointing if you have very dry
dry consistency of this formula requires a lot of tugging to apply
i don't have dry skin
keeps your skin from getting dry
but leaves my skin very dry after using it.
leaves my face feeling dry
found the mild bar somewhat drying
dry after washing it
also left my skin extremely dry after each use
my face felt parched
i really like the extra mild soap it's a little drying in the begining
i actually found this to be drying
first it made my skin chronically dry which then my skin became oilier to compensate for the lost oil
my eye area felt warm
thought i would give this a dry
if you need some pretty oily eyes not to dry out
i find this one a bit drying
it dried out the skin under my eyes
if you do have sensitive or dry skin
also have dry skin
didn't like it because she has very dry skin
i can say this is very drying
after just one use it left my skin dry
within 10 minutes i noticed a dry patch forming on my nose
would not recommend for dry skin.
removing make-up however it also dried out my skin terribly
my skin would feel so parched after using this.
my eyes feel dry and look dull.
not sure if it is thick enough moisture for winter time
this moisturized for a couple hours then my skin went back to dry
it truly replenishes moisture to dry
leaves your face with a touch of warm.
it made his skin dry
i got this for my brother who was dealing with some really dry skin
so just not good for combo to dry
summer time means extreme heat
the end of winter left my skin very dry
i am left with dry
also some dryness around my mouth
this made my dry spots dryer
my skin is only actually visibly dry when i put on foundation
didnt make my t-zone look dry
did nothing for the dryness on my nose
recently though i've noticed it's been making my t-zone dry
my skin is finally starting to not look dry
my skin is so super dry
if your skin is even slightly dry in the winter
it absorbs too quickly and leaves my skin dry.
it did not dry out my dry areas.
i take relatively hot showers
it made my skin super dry
my skin is actually drier after i put this on.
as soon as it dried my skin felt so dry
that feeling when it dries
it leaves the rest of my face super dry
after rinsing my face it felt like the whatever moisture it provided was gone
this was great on my dry areas
this would be lovely on those with dry skin
it did nothing for acne or pore size or dry skin
i feel like it's a good product for dry skin
the mask felt sticky as it dried down
t does hydrate in my dry areas
i think the muddy dark color of the mask soaks in too much
or the fresh water cooling the skin on a hot day
extremely dry/flaky cheeks
my skin would revert by to its dry self the next morning
which is fairly dry
my face is still dry even with moisturizer.
could be good for someone with very dry skin
skin was still dry, was not a good moisturizer.
skin type is sensitive, normal to dry.
it never seemed to dry
would be great for super dry skin
in fact my skin is perfect other than being dry
my face felt dry after some time.
soaked in really fast
it felt great on my dry skin
based on the reviews i just knew this is what my dry
maybe the products tend to dry out fast.
this product was drying
it somehow managed to create dry patches of skin under my eyes
my eyes kept feeling dry
it always leaves my skin very dry
dried my skin out.
the pump was iffy
it dried out my skin
i don't recommend this for teens or people with dry
doesn't leave my skin feeling dry after cleansing which is nice
it also dried my skin out.
it left my skin super dry
my skin feel so dry and tight after using it.
my face was so dry
it left my skin dry after used it
this product dries or my skin
it dried my skin out
however this is a terrible face wash mainly because it was so drying on my combo skin
don't strip your face dry at the same time
the facewash was very drying.. not a fan.
it make my skin dry
my face got dry flakes around my mouth
just to drying for me
for my dry skin this is too drying.
this dries my combination skin.
it was so drying for me
the cleanser was still drying me out
if you're more on the dry side with your combo skin
this product is very dry.
it's also very drying.
this face wash became a little too drying for me
this dries my skin out so badly that i have most of the bottle unused
still felt dry after each use
it didn't leave my skin parched
i don't have overly dry skin
fresh without drying out too much
so dry that i'm getting patches of flakey skin on the sides of my mouth
leaves my skin dry
it did seem to leave my skin feeling a bit dry
i find even the mild formula too drying
it does clean well without over drying my skin
since my face has switched from dry to oily i've just about given up on clinique products
as i had read some of the other reviews that the one for oily skin is fairly drying
my skin was very dry
no wonder my skin was so dry
it is also drying
it was unfortunately too light of a shade for my brown skin tone
if i had dry skin i think it would be great.
velvety then actually helping my pores look any better for my dry-
dry out easily yet oily moisturizers always make me break out
this is very soothing to my dry older skin
it's great for dry skin and while feeling light.
t's good for extremely dry skin only
not to a point that it's extreme dry
leaves my skin dry
my face ended up being dry and itchy.
drying when first put on
it worked okay with dry skin
where i don't have dry patches
hydrate my dry skin
face are still pretty dry without any signs of brightening or smoothed lines
i did notice about an hour after i applied it that my skin felt a bit hot like it was burning
in winter i become combination dry.
this is only good for dry skin.
i think this would be best suited for dry skin types or used as a winter moisturizer
my skin was burning so badly.
kept my dry spots happy
the smell of spf can become unbearable as it lingers throughout the day
skin feels dry even after liberal application
does not irritate or dry out my skin
doesn't dry out my skin
does not dry skin like other creams.
doesnt dry me out or increase redness
apparently not dry enough to get the benefits from this cream
it can break out your skin during hot weather.
i think for dry skin the residue left on the face could be helpful
this stuff is best used on dry skin
do not apply dry!
i usually wash it with water and then with soap.
unfortunately this cleansing "milk" is a poor product all around
it didn't dry out my skin after using
found it to be very drying for my skin
probably good for dry skin.
my skin is really dry during the winter.
still need enough to soften the dry areas
as ithe skin goes dry again after a simple morning wash with water
when i wake up in the morning i find my skin feels dry
i feel this moisturizer does a poor job of sealing in the moisture
looking all-around dried out
my skin was dry as a bone and it burned.
i don't feel like it was enough for my dry/combination skin
my face feels a little tight in the morning after i've used the night emulsion
my face felt wet on the surface even a long time after applying
after a few hours that wet feeling translates into a dirty feeling as dust
i prefer hope in a jar for dry/sensitive skin.
it helps dry flaking skin.
then my tears dry out my eyes
i gave it two stars because it hydrates my dry skin
keeps my eyes really hydrated since the previous product that i used before made my eyes very dry
i would wake up with very dry
have some sun damage from too many hours tanning in high school
my eye area would dry out during the day
have combination skin with very dry skin around my eyes
they also dry out very easily
even with a matte primer like mufe i looked like a greasy hot dog
even though it's super dry
even during colder weather sometimes too
during hot weather i get sweaty
my skin looked terribly dry
i did feel my skin to be a little dry still
plus by day 4 i was getting dry
i found this to offer little moisture
still getting some dry patches
i get very dry skin in the winter
my skin became very dry
live in a very dry climate
especially when the face was wet
even in the cold temperatures, it was too much.
honestly i have drier skin
it dried out my skin
leaves it feeling dry
feels like it leaves a dry
or is it that it leaves my skin stripped of all moisture?
this was super drying
i found this product to be too drying for my skin
i found it to be very drying
figure out my issue with shiseido didn't dry my skin
shideido didn't dry my skin
do feel very dry after using it
m sometimes it feels so dry that i have to moisturize after within 2 minutes
it was so dry after that my skin felt so tight
maybe it's because of the extreme cold/windy weather or that i have dry skin in the winter
this cleanser makes my face extremely dry
i wouldn't recommend it to people with dry skin.
my skin is extremely dry
this product is for normal to dry skin.
so take this with a grain of salt
this is the only one that makes my face feel dry
living in a very humid place
if you are somewhere like az where it is very dry
though my skin type is oily it's too dry for me in the winter
the moisture cream in this line is much better for people with dry skin
makes certain drier areas flaky without fail
in fact it feels like the powdery solution is sucking out all my moisture
this made my skin quite dry
my skin felt parched after using it.
although this might not be an issue for people with very dry skin
my dry spots have not gone away
this cream even brings the dryness worse
it's great for the dry winters in colorado
this product is good if you have dry skin.
that tends to be a little drier in the winter
this product actually made my eye area dry
but my dry spots are gone!
my eye area was actually drier
my skin would have dry flakes on it just minutes after re-applying
dried out my eyes so much
it was too thick for me.
not sure if it is thick enough moisture for winter time
my undereye are still so dry
it was a little too rich for my slightly dry skin
it was gentle on my skin as far as not over drying
it dried my skin
since i've used this product my skin has become very dry to the extend i had to see a dermatologist
all i wanted was to get a cleanser for my blackheads now i'm stuck with very very dry skin
my skin is still dry
so disappointed that they discontinued the ultra moisture cleansing milk a few years ago
wiped my face dry
left my nose dry
i tried this cleanser because i have dry
still dry in places
my skin is consistently dry and flakey.
sephora associate recommended it to me for dry skin
i would not recommend for someone with dry skin.
my skin felt dry
my eye feels dry
dries my skin out
i now have dry
it still left my cheeks dry
the next day my skin was dry
it made my skin feel really dry
haven't had that same drying effect
winter found my skin dull
so someone with really dry skin might want to look elsewhere
it actually dried out my skin
it did not dry out my skin though.
when it dries it is fairly easy to rub off
it leaves a residue that must be washed off with warm water
this is not for dry skin.
it doesn't leave your skin feeling parched
it doesn't dry too much
the consistency felt dry
it actually felt somewhat unfinished like i let soap dry on my face
my skin is so dry around my mouth that my skin is even peeling
it was way to dry
you apply it to a dry face
don't wet your face before using it
the "soapless" cleanser is designed to be on dry skin which is weird
because i was starting to get dry patches on my face
direction say to apply when dry
dry out my face
it dried my skin
it did cause me to have dry patches wherever i applied it
which was not drying at all
i got this because other acne medications were too drying
t really makes the dry parts even drier
has not been a miracle worker or even helped my blackheads or dry skin
it left it feeling dry instead
this moisturizer left my skin feeling a little on the dry side
i put the "dry" version on at night for 3 nights.
thinking my skin might've not liked some ingredient in the dry version
ordered this because i moved to a very sunny area
it left my skin feeling dryish when used alone
my skin was even left dry once it absorbed
my skin was even left dry once it absorbed
this is perfect for humid texas summers
is far too drying for winter months
my hunt for for good winter moisturizer continues
dry patches that peeled
i am starting to think that it is making the area look drier
even dried me out
in fact, i found it kind of sticky.
my skin was dry
i actually felt like it made my skin more dry in the dry areas
my face appeared wet
hydrate my dry spots
my skin was dry and flaky.
this left my skin feeling too dry for the winter time
i think it was too drying
did feel it was drying on certain spots of my face
so on dry skin days i have to skip this product.
i live in a dry climate
my dry spots are still dry
skin becomes very dry
i found that any areas that were dry became even drier almost like i had used no moisturizer at all
by the end of the day my face was saturated with oil
an sa recommended this for me when my super oily skin was suffering through some dry patches
dry in the winter
and it made my bare minerals look really drying.
it actually felt too dry
my face still feels so dry
red skin that is still hot
had bad odor and skin did not feel moist.
this product left my skin feeling dry after a couple of hours
i really needed the moisture
dry on the other parts of my face
this product dries out my skin
and it dries my skin.
it was normal or dry everywhere else
my skin all of sudden became dry
overall more dry than oily
it smells like wet b
2 it dried out my face terribly.
the day after my skin was so dry
i think that for dry or normal skin this product would work just fine
yes it did dry out my skin
bumpy all the time
all it did was create dry patches that made it harder to cover blemishes with makeup
feels like it dries out my skin
this gel it really powerful way too much that end in causing dry patch in my face
in the winter months there must be a better way to dry up pimples without dryness of skin
it also dries out my skin so bad that i actually had redness
at least it dries clear and fragrance-free.
also, it's very drying.
it left my skin dry
it is no longer dry
which is hard since i live in an arid high desert climate
my skin was not tight or flaky in the morning
i still have flaky dry patches in the morning
best for very dry skin.
i will say that my skin did stay more moist during the day
it didnt dry my face out
dries out your face
made my skin irritated and dry.
don't recommend it for dry/easily irritating skin
it also dries out the skin.
this soap dried out my skin too much
after rinsing in the shower my skin fealt kind of dry
dried my skin around my nose which hurt even when i apply moisturizer everyday
this cleanser made my skin flake with how dry it got
ends up drying the skin
made my face flake and dry out.
while this doesn't dry my skin out
it dried out my skin so much
this is not drying at all.
which is more on the dry side
it really dried my skin out
however i found this cleanser kind of drying when i first tried it
left my skin dry
this is a nice lightweight product that didn't over-dry my skin
really dried me out
it's also quite sticky after it dries
i do like that it adds some moisture to the skin.
it not only dried out my skin
i found this to be a little drying on my skin.
more on the dry to combination side
doesnt cause any tightness or dry patches
not a good choice for me - sensitive, dry skin.
this gives a burning sensation to my skin where it is most dry
it doesn't dry or lead to irritation
so you can cleanse for the 2nd time without drying
i tried applying it to dry skin
the cleanser does not dry out
it was drying on my face
it still gets dry
it started to dry me out a lot
it is also not drying
which is great if you live in an arid climate
retin-a is very drying
this seems to be for people with dry skin
my skin is pretty dry during summer
not super dry skin
this was too thick for daytime use.
am now using moisture surge which seems okay
especially during the winter
my skin became dry
rinse with warm water
i've never had dry skin around my eyes until this product
dried out the skin under my eyes
she worries about the rainfall
i do not have dry skin
after using this for 1 week the skin under my eyes had become dry
found that my under eye area was dry
if anything, it dried out my under eye area more.
it leaves my skin feeling really dry and sticky.
my skin got extremely dry
if anything, it's made my dry face worse.
year round i'll have dry flakes on the sides of my nose
basically did nothing for my dry/combination skin
left my skin very dry
as my skin is dry
so many people seemed to recommend for their dry skin
i wouldn't suggest this if you have dry skin.
my skin became more dry
my skin was just more dry after using this morning
it was not enough moisture for my dry skin
my skin in dehydrated/dry.
in fact my skin still got oily throughout the day
meant to buy moisture surge intense
i wake up the next day with dry patches
not only was this thick
i don't suggest this for dry
it gets even dryer in the winter
this moisturizer makes me face feel more dry after maybe a 1-2 weeks of using it
don't get this drying effect with long term use
this formula is so light it doesn't touch my dry patches
this did not work for my seasonal dry skin
it did not for the dry flaky spots on my skin
my skin is very dry to very very dry
it did an ok job at moisture
this is a great moisturizer if you have problems with dry skin
great for a night cream or if you have dry skin.
seemed to dry it out
as well as colder temperatures
i wouldn't recommend for drier skin or mature types
to much moisture for me.
unfortunately this burned upon application.
it was too thick
my skin is normally dry
this product made my skin even drier
it never soaked in.
t's not enough to be used alone as a night cream for my normal to dry skin
i just find it too drying.
it isn't the right fit for people with dry skin
in the winter it's just too drying
it dried out my skin
i know many people like keeping cleansers in their showers
also left my skin dry, flaky and red!
this product is very drying
unfortunately, it feels soapy and drying.
plus left my skin super dry
left my skin very dry and it had a strange smell.
it left me completely dry
this was very drying
maybe it works better for dry skin.
but it left my face feeling dry & tight.
my skin felt a bit dry
i think it still might be a bit dry for my skin.
it was harsh and drying.
my under-eye areas feel dry before lunch
i am 32 with dry
also not good for dry skin
i wake up with dry flakes around my eyes even after i use this
my eye area became drier
this product dried the skin under my eyes.
dry skin to clear up
this stuff sucked out all the moisture
the area became rather dry
it does clean without drying
found it to be drying
i did notice that my skin became very dry
with continued use this eye cream caused my skin to become very dry
find my skin dry
still feel dry and tight.
then began to see some dehydrating
after about 5 days my skin had dry crusty patches
if your skin is on the dry side
it left my face very dry.
skin feels so dry
not dry out my skin
it leaves my skin feeling dry and tight.
was starting to notice my face getting very dry
i started noticing patchy dry spots around my nose
however it made my skin so dry and irritated.
my skin always felt dry after using it even after putting moisturizer on afterwards
it smells good but was too drying.
it was way to drying
my skin still has that slippery feeling after washing it off
after a few uses i found it to be really drying
then again i don't have extremely dry skin
especially during the winter
dried my skin right out
my skin looks dull from it and is still dry.
this is forumulated for those with dry skin
for my dry winter face
my skin is generally dry/ dehydrated
this creme leaves my skin still feeling dry
in this warmer weather
is less dry yet thismoisturizer still isnt doing the trick
but it was too thick and caused break-outs.
i don't think i have really dry skin
right now that we're in winter it's drier
wet when i use it
have a sticky face all day long
i would say i have dry
does not moisturize well or decrease the very minimal redness i have due to winter weather
my cheeks became more sensitive to getting red from temperature changes
my dry patches continued to be dry
i wouldn't recommend this product if you have very dry skin
probably better for folks with dry skin.
i needed something for my dry skin
they ended up drying out my skin
after just a week of using the products i started getting dry patches of skin on my face
have you ever put foundation over a dry patch of skin?
it was not enough moisture for my skin especially in winter months
maybe good for a drier skin type that is not prone to breakouts
i ordered this because it said it wasn't drying.
it smelled fairly bad
i think if you are super dry
didn't absorb into my skin at all leaving my skin to feel very dry
4 hours after application had to dry my skin with towel coz i didnt want breakouts
the cream itself was way too thick
it felt like oil on water.
this is probably best for very dry skin.
doesn't help much with dry skin
i used a tissue to blot off whatever didn't absorb into my dry winter skin
although my skin is dry
this cream left my skin really dry
mask i ended up using only on my dry areas after like my h
it made my skin very dry
it also dries the skin out a lot
i feel the dryness immediately after towel drying my face
doesn't dry my skin out.
doesn't dry out your skin
dry out my skin
it dries my skin out sometimes
it dries out my skin
my skin feels like a dried up prune
the skin feels super dry after using it
not a perfect one for dry skin
doesn't dry out skin
this dried out my skin
it dries my skin
after 3-4 users this has started to dry out my skin slightly
my skin is very dry
however it also made my skin really dry
with my extremely dry
whether dry or oily
this left my skin feeling drier
tight once it dried down
my skin became very dry
dehydrated after using this
there is no moisture in the air in my house- it's really dry with the heat running non-stop
still dry after using this
dry not hydrated at all
my face became drier
now that the weather is getting cooler my skin is definitely drying out
found it to be too drying
the product dried my skin
i am ridiculously dry in the winter
dried as if it was water
this product did very little to help my dry skin.
the product either evaporated since its supposed to use moisture from air to moisturize
my skin is very dry
every winter i get really dry, flaky skin.
i wanted to get ahead of the dry winter weather
i woke up with dry flaky skin
my skin started feeling dry
putting it on damp skin
the dryness just got worse
my skin was still dry after application followed by moisturizer
this product did nothing for my dry skin.
as i find it is one of the only things on the market that keeps my dry skin from shriveling up
my skin gets so dry
it is great for my extra dry skin with extra oily/acne areas
very dry skin is still very dry
in cool 50 degree weather
oily looking as though i were in high humidity
it does dry relatively quickly so you aren't left too greasy
coupled with the spot correcter is amazing alone my skin feels a little dry
i wouldn't recommend this for drier season
have used both the very dry
so stick to the very dry or combination
especially once it starts to get warm outside
i think i needed to get the one for normal to dry skin because i was so flaky with this stuff
not dry at all
by the afternoon my skin was oilier than normally
20 isn't enough protection out in this harsh texas sun
it still wasnt hydrated my most dry areas
considering the winter weather
would be a good moisturizer during the summer
it didn't help my dry skin
for me, it was too drying.
it can be drying to dry skin in early spring or during allergy season
it doesn't dry out my skin
i found it to be slightly drying for my sensitive skin especially in the cold season
i think this cleanser dry out my skin
i would only recommend this to someone who has dry skin
i found it too thick and heavy.
but it was great for my dry skin.
i good product for very dry skin if you can st
it dried my skin under my eyes really bad
i couldn't believe how dry it made my eye area
powder looked very flat to me
it can make you look dry
really helped my dry areas not flake as much
tend to get some dry patches here
during cold weather months
i find that it's quite drying
once it dries it clings to any dry patches that you might have
it made the sides of my nose super dry
made my skin super dry and flaky.
too dry for me.
make my foundation dry.
didn't really help to hydrate the dry parts of my skin
too drying as an overall moisturizer
it dried me out horribly.
because cottonseed dries you out horribly
especially if you have dry skin like me
i found it to be too drying for my over 50 skin
stay away from foamy cleansers as they really dry me out
it drys me out.
its not as drying compared to the other foamy cleansers i've used in the past
my skin gets dry in fall
wanted something that would remove makeup without being too drying
my skin began to get very dry
i found it to be a little drying
even as the weather gets warmer
it left my skin feeling dry
this cleanser left my skin super sticky and dry.
yes it absorbed quickly which also meant that my skin felt dry about 30 mins after i applied it
no wonder that my skin is still as dry
this cream might be better suited for a really dry skin type
i couldn't believe how drying this was!
that was because this product has a drying effect on my skin
dry out in flakes
in fact, it was drying and made me look older.
it was so drying that it caused me to years older
my skin was dry
this dried my eye area terribly
i tend to get really dry
left me skin kind of dry
this made my eye area extremely dry
dry skin around my eye area
the night cream was drying.
after 1 application my skin was dry
might be because it's drier
it didn't dry me out or make me break out
didn't help my dry skin
said it didn't help her dry skin
my skin still got flakey in dry spots
the weather has been really dry
it hydrates my dry skin
immediately noticed dry patches
still dry patches on my face
i started getting a bit dry around my mouth
not for dry skin.
my daughter was recommended this product at one of your stores as he skin gets dry
it might be the cold weather
my skin is normal to dry.
just not enough moisture in this moisturizer
did nothing for my dry sensitive skin---broke out
made my skin dry
more dry than it did before using it
i think this would be perfect for someone with more dry skin that isn't prone to breakouts though
this is not a cream for people with dry
overall it is drying out my skin caused dry patches on my cheeks
it left my skin feeling dry
dried out my skin
all this did for me was make my skin terribly dry
it dried out my skin
then did dry the skin out around my mouth
this cleanser although gentle was a bit to drying for my almost 50 year old skin
it was sooo drying
in that short time between drying my face
not for those who already have dry skin
my skin dried out so badly after using this wash.
this cleanser is good- doesn't dry out skin.
it's drying out my skin in some areas
it was also a little drying on my combination skin
it dried my skin out even more even when i was pairing it with her goat's milk moisturizer
it was too drying for my dry skin
made it felt dry and tight.
it began to dry powdery
it really isn't sufficient to keep my skin hydrated during the dry winter
my skin would feel dry later in the day.
it actually leaves me feeling dry.
this moisturizer leaves my skin very dry
those products were leaving my skin extra dry
no moisture, no nothing.
the alcohol is drying
i feel really dry after.
it drys out my skin as well drys up on my skin too much
not ideal for dry skin
yet i suddenly had very dry
not for dry skin i went on a trip to reno
my skin was dry
this really dried out my skin.
i also don't think it hydrates the skin enough--i find that my skin is still a bit dry after this has soaked into my skin for 10-15 minutes
foundation it still looked dry
i felt like this made my cheeks really dry.
even if i applied it when my face was slightly damp
even though my skin is no longer dry
i began to develop dry patches
after using this product once my skin was dry
after using it twice my skin was visible dry
i could not wear makeup without a cracking effect from the dryness caused by this cream
i agree with the reviews saying this leaves skin feeling dry
i do not believe it was moisturizing enough for autumn/winter as my skin still felt dry after application of the product
however it made my skin very dry
it was too drying for me
after two days the texture of my skin got very bumpy
it still dried out my skin
simultaneously has flaky dry patches
i end up with dry
only left the affected area dry
my face was super dry
i found it very drying for me
it was still very drying
my skin is on the drier side
this just elevated the dryness to the sahara desert level
got rid of my dry spots without making the rest of me oily
my normally dry skin was either greasy at the end of the day
my skin still feels dry after applying.
especially during the winter time
this would leave my skin feeling dry
once the temperatures started dropping
my skin gets extremely dry
not enough moisture if you have flaky dry skin
my skin was still dry
throughout the day i got dryer
after using for a few days in a row the little dry patches on my cheeks were out of control
it left my dry skin still feeling tight
however i got massively dry skin around my nose
the winter weather was turning very cold
always dries my skin out
i think it was a mixture of all of the above that lead to my dry skin
but it let me feel dry the more i used it.
gave it to my mom she has a dry skin type
it's too dry for my skin
after 1 week, it was drying up my skin.
this product leaves my skin too dry after i use it
not for dry skin at all
i tend to have dry skin as well.
my under eye area still felt dry
it was very temporary hydration that left my skin greasy throughout the day
my skin is ultra dry
my skin is a little dry
it made it a bit dry
this just seems to sit on my dry skin
my skin is ultra dry
even with dry skin
dry skin in the winter months
looked just as dry
its for dry skin
it may have been a combination of the summer sun
this left my skin feeling a bit dry.
it just makes my face too dry
this is too drying for my skin in the dry months
a good one in autumn n spring
however, it is very drying.
how it dried my skin out
love how hydrating they are for my dry skin
leaves it feeling neither greasy nor dry
lastly, this left my face feeling dry.
leaves a light layer on my skin so that i don't feel dried out
it also left my skin dry
dried out my skin immediately!
you put it on dry skin over makeup
i really wanted to love this as i like something lighter for the warmer weather
it didn't even touch my dry spots
your skin isn't that dry to begin with
help out my dry spots
it sorta helped my dry areas
it left it feeling extremely dry
very tight dry irritated feeling it left
in fact, i think my skin looks drier.
it didn't provide me with the moisture i need during these cold winter months
it seems to just make my skin dry.
maybe my skin is too dry for it
it gets very dry even with moisturizer
i though it may have been my moisturizer or weather change
it did make my usually dry nose look more polished
dries too quickly for me.
it just dries my skin
i live in a hot climate
have to be careful with the sun
dried out my skin
also the product dried in the tube
this treatment works well & is not so drying.
works on my nose but dried it out.
it seemed to dry with a powder finish
this product dries my eyes out.
pros: has made my dry/combo 43 year old skin much brighter
on the dry side
have some light sun-damage spots
have normal to dry skin- it has never been sensitive
all i've gotten is dry, flaking skin.
a bit dry after use
it dried my skin out fast
after awhile it just started to dry out my skin
i found that it would dry to a matte finish very quickly
my face would feel dry not long after applying it
it definitely improves dry skin.
my dry spots were happy
it might work for someone with extremely dry skin
moisture lasts through the night
or if problems with heat during distri
this was after i washed off most of it using a softener
i almost feel like my skin is slightly dried out from this
i would recommend this to people with normal to dryer skin
my skin started to get very dry
my skin was dry
though my skin is dry
even though my skin is oily i still need some moisture
maybe in the morning after washing my face if i feel dry
i think this cream is a little drying.
you have combination skin or dry skin.
weather gets dry at times
my eyes will have dehydrating lines when they get dry
it did kept my under eyes area moist all day
underneath my eyes became really dry to the point where mascara was sticking to my skin
this dries my skin out more
for some reason it started heavily drying out my face
my skin became flakey, all moisture was stripped.
my dry skin would say otherwise
i found the product to be quite drying to my skin
however, it leaves my skin feeling a tad dry.
my skin felt slightly dryer after using it.
found it to be too drying for my face/neck
would start to get noticeably dry if i didn't immediately apply moisturizer
i bout this product because i have dry skin
when my face dried i had extremely dry flaky skin
it didn't dry it out either
so that my eye area was very wet
this is very drying under the eyes
eyelids became extremely dry
it does feel cool when applied due to the ball roller
it made the underneath of my eye look dry
cool under my eyes
fortunately, it is not drying up my eye area.
it also dried out the skin under my eyes
i found it rather drying
let it dry before applying the rest of my makeup
it's good for dry skin, not for mine.
i rather have a dry face than a red bumpy one
anyone who may have dry patches or dry skin
which causes my skin to be really dry
i live in a dry climate
it just sticks to my dry patch
i do like the moisture it gives
i guess i have more dry to normal skin
have some rosacea flare up here
gets very dry as soon as fall comes around
particularly in our hot summers
did not dry out skin
probably better for those with very dry skin.
go in the shower since it must be used on a dry face
i even actually have dry skin
even if you have dry skin
pump all cleansing oils into dry h
massage onto a dry face
it is drying after wash
it makes my eyes cloudy
leaves my skin feeling dry
i also seemed to cling to dry spots.
drying don't like this product
out more due to drying my face out
it has made my combination skin dry
my skin is normally a combination of oily/dry
it did dry my skin
it dried my skin out
none of that matters because it has no sun protection
it keeps your face from drying out
this made my dry skin worse.
it's red, blotchy and very dry.
leaves my skin dry
i applied this to my skin when it was really dry
it got rid of the dryness
usually i have some mild problems with my skin drying out
even water makes my face burn when i'm in the shower
even water makes my face burn when i'm in the shower
it may absorb quickly for people with dry skin.
my face is so dry with this that i am going to return
some moisture qualities to it which would be find in the hot
i don't feel its enough moisturizer for winter dry skin
it caused my skin to peel because of how dry it made it
i can see this working really well for people with dry or extremely dry skin
with winter being here i thought i'd try something a tad more moisturizing in order to avoid dry patches
it turned my skin to a dry
dry my skin out
it also felt drying.
i may as well have washed with just water.
she agreed that it was too drying for normal skin
it burned so bad
as the weather is getting warmer
it still feels dry after using this which in turn has made the texture very rough
i found that my skin dried out quite quickly after using this
it even helped with the dryness of my skin
yet if you have dry skin
not only has it dried my face out
i definitely am dry
in the morning my skin tends to be more dry so before putting on my makeup
which means i need both water moisture
beware if you have combination skin or dry skin.
it gave my dry patchy skin.
it did not provide enough moisture for my dry areas
it works for my dry/sensitive skin -- i give the product itself four stars
i discontinued this item due to dryness.
it felt refreshing with the cold roller
i noticed that after an hour of application my under eye was dry
it feels cold to the touch.
i also didn't find it hydrating enough for combo dry skin
it almost had a drying effect on my skin
definitely for dry dry dry skin.
i would definitely recommend this for someone with dry to normal skin
not fixing my dry patches
it's $40 and my dry patches are now gone!
my skin is really dry
my skin has been parched by this winter season
for most dry skin
for my super dry skin it barely was sufficient
while this product is typically for dry skin
dry skin, so not suitable for t area
the day after i used this product my eyes looked more dry
just dry under eyes
i don't have wrinkles or dry skin
it is very drying
i found this product to be drying
i find it to be drying
this dried my under eye area
it didn't dry my face out
found it too drying
my skin seems to be dry easily from those types of cleansers in general
the first time i put it on i thought there was a wet-dog smell coming from wet towels or something
have recently developed very dry skin around my eyes
i will just stick to cold plasma which is pretty for both face
if you dont have dry skin go for it
the cold plasma for the face knowing that perricone products usually have a strong smell
my sitch is dry/combo skin with an emphasis on dry
my skin is still so dry
wouldn't recommend for dry skin.
if you are naturally very dry this would be good for you
this would be a great day moisturizer for dry skin types
i think people with dry skin would like the dewy finish better
think it might be a good option for others with dry or normal skin
i may try again during the colder, dry months.
my skin is normal to dry
or if i blow dry my hair after applying
my skin is super dry
this is not helping relieve my dry
after a week my face felt and looked drier.
i developed small dry areas on my face
as if i had a sun burn
this product took quite some time to dry before i could apply my makeup daily
it also did not absorb well into my dry skin.
it may be too much moisture for oily skin
it made my skin feel so dry
dried out my skin
does not dry out my skin
after a week i noticed it left my face overly dry
left my skin feeling really dry.
in the winter months i have pretty typical dry skin
it left my skin quite dry
moisturizer it just made my face dry
i feel like it dried it out
the product flakes on my skin once dry
with just one use of this product my skin was uncomfortably dry
i would not use this product if you have dry skin
only for the driest of skin, is my guess.
it did not dry out my skin
was referred to this cleanser by one of the sephora employees when i found that my usual cleanser was drying my skin out too much
i liked how it didn't dry my skin out
maybe this is from dry
your skin is slightly dry
even on my cheeks which are normally on the dry side
it helped my skin, but kind of dried it.
didn't help my dry skin
good added moisture for dry winter weather
even though i have some dry spots
it kept on making my skin drier than it was
if anything, it makes me more dry.
which is already super dry
instead found my face to be dry
it is actually quite drying
my face still felt tight and dry.
i consistently wake up with dry skin
it is a bit drying
perhaps i'll only use this when my skin's the driest in the winter
the waiting time was so long that made my cheeks feel dry
it did not remove dry skin nor did it clean my pores
in fact, it left me with more dry patches.
i washed my face first with warm water
what it does when it dried
didn't work well): this mask took forever to dry.
this dried out my skin.
also, this takes forever to dry down.
it barely hurt taking it off except in areas where i had some dry skin
it did not remove any blackheads or dry skin
dried out my skin the next day- it felt so parched
it takes about 40 mins to dry
usually i had to wipe it off with a warm wash cloth
actually made my skin very dry
it also kept my dry skin from becoming flaky
especially during hot weather
it was not good for my normal/dry skin
it caused me to have dry patches
it was way too thick
which tend to dry out this time of year
this just didn't provide enough moisture for my dry skin
my skin appears parched
as soon as i started using it i developed a dry patch
got this since my skin was a little drier than combo because of the winter weather
this was recommended because i have dry skin
neck almost felt sticky throughout the day
i prefer the clinique moisture surge extended thirst relief because it does last longer
within an hour, my skin looked as dry as ever.
it seem to give my skin a leathery dry look
maybe my face is just extremely dry
woke up with my face still dry
it was actually dry within an hour of applying it
it smells good and it doesn't dry the skin.
did not over dry my skin when i applied it twice a day
other cleansing products tend to dry out my skin
for my dry skin
i would go with oils instead of this product for all my dry ladies
it was terrible for my dry skin in the winter
there is no moisture in the air
develops hard to treat dry spots if its not moisturized enough
developed 5 dry patches on my face that would not only flake
maybe even dry skin in more humid climates
i need that as my skin gets dryer in the saskatchewan winters
now that my skin is super dry
by mid day i can see dryness around my nose
ts kind of a thick texture which would be better for dry skin/winter days
my skin still felt dry after using
f you have quite dry skin
it made my dry patches even dryer
warmed it in my h
i felt like i could never put enough of this one to hydrate my very dry skin
doesn't do much for my very dry under eyes
until the product soaked in
this is good to use during more humid months
dryness around my eyes
i tend to have very dry skin around my eyes.
it wasnt very hydrating which is why i'm returning it since the weather is changing i need something that has more moisture
even tho i have extremely oily skin i tend to stay away from this during colder months of winter since it can be drying
after a month of using it i realized it was what was severely drying out my skin
this product is probably better for someone with dry skin
the fact that is does not dry out my skin
it actually makes my skin look dry.
might be good for someone with dry skin.
it has completely balanced my skin by making my dry areas less
dry skin ladies give this a try.
this has helped me with my dry skin.
it will sometimes be wet looking
i do get dry patches after a blemish goes away
it didn't help that dry skin
didn't help with dry peely skin
the consistency is too thick
seemed like a good idea -- an oil to really alleviate dry skin
i warm it first
all this cream does is moisture.
i could feel it "tighten" as it dried
you were able to see that i have put product on my face as it didn't dry evenly
if it dried clear i'd give it 5 stars.
product leaves this cloudy residue
more than a damp cloth
every time my skin looked dry
let it dry per the instructions.
in the very dry cold on northern new york sort of defeats the purpose
i might like it better when the weather warms.
which is difficult to remove once the product has dried
it is actually quite drying
maybe this is perfect if you have normal to dry skin
this dried my skin to no end
i've gone from super dry skin to combo skin
i'd recommend this to someone with very dry skin.
since the warm weather is here
i would recomend it as more of a warm weather product
do not think it is hydrating enough for the cold winter months
if anything this made my skin so dry
it feels dry as well
i don't think it did much for my very dry skin
it left my normal skin still felling thirsty
i hope this would help with my dry winter skin.
this cream was just too thick
my skin was very dry and rough.
wait for my face to dry
it had a cool feeling when applied
it made my under eyes so dry that it started to itch
takes a long time to dry
it takes a little time to dry
over dried the under eye skin
while it does cool the under eye area
i would purchase it to use in the hot summer months
my skin starts to feel dry
which is not ideal for harsh winter weather
i felt like my dry skin needed more moisture because i did notice some flaking halfway through the day
this moisturizer works well on my dry h
this somehow made it dry up
very dry in the winter
this moisturizer made my skin much more dry than it was before
this was not moisturizing this was not hydrating i felt very terrible when i used this product unfortunately because it made my skin feel quite arid like a desert
unfortunately the new formula dried out my skin
your face will feel dry again
bought this product because i have really dry skin when i get out of the shower it did not work for me as much i expected it to i have to apply on my face about 3 times to get rid of dry feeling on my face after my skins soaks it up
as to the reviews who say it is drying
very dry, and nothing works.
the extra product would just dry up
it dried my eyes out
it dried my eye area out
my eye area felt quite dry
i noticed the skin around my eyes was incredibly dry
me eye area was incredibly dry again
shocked that something this pricey which is supposed to be for dry skin is so not hydrating
it's definitely no good for dry skin
creates dry patches under my eyes
whenever i use it rains my lips
it's not even cold yet for my skin to be dry quite like this
this product gave me dry skin.
it is really bad at pilling up even when allowed to dry
not at all dried out
my skin actually looked dry and it felt dry too.
my skin starts to feel dry
i am 65 and have good but dry skin.
i am 40+ with normal/dry skin and oily tzone.
my under-eye area still appeared dry and dull.
applied to clean dry face
spills everywhere especially in warm conditions
just need some moister around the eye area
i think if you were in a dry climate
doesn't hydrate enough for my kind of dry skin.
very dry winter my skin was very affected by this
made my face so dry
it gave me dry skin
dry patches all over
haven't worn makeup since this summer is horribly humid
think this might be for people with skin that is more dry
it was very drying.
my skin feels dry and it's rather peely.
my face just seemed dry and tired.
it actually left dry patches in my marionette area
my face is still dry
my dry nose, is still dry and flaky
it seemed to make it more dry and flaky.
this product was recommended from my dry
i felt just as dry as i did before i applied
not for severely dry
this dried out my face even more
i got rid of my dry patches within hours.
it dried out my skin particularily around my mouth which i never experience
it dried out my face
i wake up with dry patches that i have never had before
my mid-morning i am feeling the dryness.
on top of that, his skin is pretty dry!
this product dries out my skin
3 weeks into the product it will cause dry patches
my undereye area would look dry in the morning
my eye area would become unbearably dry
each time the same flare up of extreme dryness occurs
my eye area skin felt dry!
dry skin under my eyes
the skin under my eyes because dry
this one is dry and is making my eyes crepey.
this dried my under eyes out so bad!
i used for a few days to see if that's what was causing the dryness
i could feel it "tighten" as it dried
it did leave a powdery residue once it had dried
i also feel like it dried out the skin
it made my skin feel a little dry
the wetness from your foundation takes it right off
and dries out your under eye area !
my eyes also felt dry all the time
dry bare minerals which i usually use
over the product after it dries
wait til it dries
tightening as it dries
this product ends up clinging to dry patches on my skin even if i exfoliate
i got the brightening one, and it is very drying.
it emphasized the dry patches on my cheeks
i felt as if i was left with a faint amount of dried clay on my face
this stuff actually made my skin so dry that it turned that white dryness look in spots
it also gave my skin that dry-tight feeling.
the cleanser seems to miff me: it actually makes my face dry
i think this cleanser works well once warm water is applied
this one doesn't work for my very dry
it made my skin more dry and very taut.
it had a super thick texture that was difficult to spread on my face
i've tried it with wet h
it works great because the ptr wash can be quite drying
i got my fave clean without over drying
my face feels a little bit irritated because i felt like i was rubbing on dry skin
but too thick of an oil for my liking.
the oil is really hard to spread on a dry face
they tell you that you should use it on a dry face
it's like impossible to put it on dry skin because it is so thick
this is too thick with a consistency like a honey
it dried my skin out
it surprisingly dried out my skin
i tried putting it in just my dry spots
leaves you wanting more in the moisture department
if your skin is more on the dry side
if you live in an area with low humidity
my skin still feels a bit dry right after the application
my nose is always super dry
didnt get rid of my dry patches
1 for "i still have hydrated skin till the morning
also during the day when my skin is really dry
it's nice for winter dry skin.
i tend to get dry patches under my eyes
maybe because my skin is extra dry during the harsh winter months
my under eyes looked dry
it left no sense of moisture
i am a person with dry skin who loves everything moisture
that tends to get pretty dry and this helps.
dark circles are still dark
it always left me feeling a little dry
i hope that it helps with the dry patches of skin i have
this moisturizer will be nice for the warmer weather
it also looked as dry as sandpaper.
i do like the moisture
it's actually seemed to dry out my eye areas.
it didn't even hydrate my skin around my eyes felt drier
it moisturizes okay…i usually have to apply something over it for more moisture
eye lids began to dry out really bad too
the skin just as dry
this cream really dried out my under eyes
my under eye areas were still dry.
i've noticed it drying my under eyes rather than hydrating them
it made the area around of my eye dry
it has done nothing for my dry skin or or bags.
i tend to have very "parched" looking skin as well as dark circles
brow tend to be dry
especially in the winter
this cream actually dried out my skin
the eye cream is adding a bit of moisture maybe
can be dry in other parts
dry skin feeling tacky
dry area for 3 months
this burned my skin badly!
the citrus products are a little to strong for my skin
mix it with warm water before applying
my under-eye area often felt dry
this time of year allergies make it dry
the skin under my eyes is as dry as ever
my eye area is very dry.
this did provide all day moisture as it says
dry my skin out
can also dry out on the surface very easily
made my skin overly dry and red.
she has dry skin and a little acne .
my skin felt really dry after using it
it left my skin dry
its good but it mskes my skin a little bit dry.
after one use the dry skin showed up
i unfortunately have dry skin at the moment
my under-eye area was very dry in the morning
the skin was dry
my eyes are dry and very allergy prone.
itch or make my skin dry
i stopped using this cream because my face started to become really dry
my very dry skin feels as if i hadn't just applied a $75 moisturizer
us girls with dry/sensitive skin need a little something extra
my skin is overly dry
it not only really dried out my skin
it is light so light it provided no nourishment to my parched skin
it dried my skin out
i don't see any difference in wrinkles ad my skin feels dry a few hours after application
my skin looked dry
my skin felt dry within minutes of application.
my skin is pretty dry
even with hot towel
because this might be useful for older women with thin dry skin
put it on my dry skin
i even left it on for a while longer before using quick very hot wet cloth to remove this
i expected this to be warm since it says it's a thermal cleansing balm
it's making my t-zone area dry
it does not dissolve in warm water
this product dried out
this product left my skin dry
dry after using it
i found my skin feeling dry
too drying for me.
would not reccomend for combination-dry skin types
doesn't leave my sensitive skin dry or irritated
it left my skin dry
my skin is never dry
it dried my skin so bad it even flake
my skin is still dry
after putting it on my face still felt dry
i also wanted something i could wear overnight that would add some moisture to my skin which was still a bit dry from winter
actually made it drier
it was too drying for my skin
it left my skin dry in an hour!
it does leave a sticky feeling in the morning.
nor really moistrize either- still woke up peeling/dry skin on my face
my skin has been especially dry due to retinol use
the glamglow thirsty mask 2 days ago
i got this because my skin has been dry from the weather change
my skin is still dry
never dry until the cold weather comes in
even though the tube says very dry to dry combination skin
flaky dry patches though
no reaction / dry patches
this product was pretty hyrdating for my dry skin
dries out like crazy on my nose
gets the job done decently if using a soaked cotton ball
it dried my skin out as well.
it felt drying during the day
found that the formula became really watery when left out in a humid environment
it leaves my skin feeling very dry
did not dry out my skin
i cannot even use this product twice a day some days because my skin gets so dry it flakes
it was very drying to my skin
it dried my face out
it get's so dry that i literally feel like i'm pulling my skin
after washing it off my face felt very dry
wouldn't recommend this for anyone with combination skin that leans more towards dry
i found my face was so dry
even after i put toner on, it was still very dry.
didn't dry my skin out
it left my face feeling extremely dry
i even told her my skin was dry
it made my face so dry
actually had drier skin
felt my face dry out after using the product
used this product for a month because i felt that my cleanser was getting a little drying
i get dry patches in between my eyebrows
i still get fairly oily throughout the day yet feel as if i have dry skin in the night
it make my skin super dry.
3 stars for not makeing my skin dry and flakey
it dried out my skin
it did dry up my breakouts
dried out some of the spots
all it does is dries out my skin.
it really dries out my skin
my skin is not dry or acne prone
it really hasn't done anything except dry out the area around the blemish
it just leaves my skin super dry and flaker
it creates such bad dry patches if i use it too often
it often leaves my skin feeling dry.
it really dried out my face
it's hard juggling skin that gets dry without good quality moisturizer
could be great for very dry types or during winter months
my face gets a little dry in the winter
i fnd my dry skin needs a bit more moisture
will also add that i have relatively dry skin in the winter
this face wash was very drying for me
my skin is generally on the dryer/dehydrated side
its not hydrating enough for dry skin.
my face is dry-combination type.
because it felt so thick
as a person with a super dry skin
the thickness is great for dry skin
would have dry patches
at the moment i'm super dry because of winter
therefore the fragrances made me break outing dry patches the next morning
i felt dry and uncomfortable.
cold cream before bed
does work on my dry patches which were my reason to purchase this
my skin is dry in the morning!
dry skin at the same time until i tried this product
where i'm the most dry
it flakes and i feel so dry.
i started using it during the winter because of my dry skin
this would be great for anyone with dry skin
felt on my dry sensitive skin
this didn't work for my extremely fair, dry skin.
when i used this i was developing a dry patch on my neck
while others it leaves it feeling tight
balances there are no dry patches
i found this to be a little too drying
it really burned and made my face very dry.
this face wash dried my skin out so badly
despite it saying it's good for dry skin
too drying for my skin in the winter!
returned it because it dried out my skin
has created dry patches
i do find it drying sometimes
i realized it left dry spots on my face
be hot after using this item
ok for morning wash and those with dry skin.
at least not so good for my dry
caused my skin to be dry
it dried out my skin immediately
it dried my skin out
literally i had dry patches on my cheeks
my skin got drier
i get dry patches here
not dry or oily
my skin definitely felt tighter while the mask was drying
dried quickly which was good
it's left my skin smooth, but so red and hot!
i tried using cleansers instead of a warm
my under eye area has the same moisture
my eyes are still dry after wearing this eye cream
made my eyelids dry
made my eyes very dry and flaky.
the skin around my eyes became more dry
instead of helping with my extremely dry under eyes
my under eye area became so dry
i found my eyes dry when i woke up in the mornings
it does keep the eye area moist
made my skin feel dry
it dried my face out really bad
it was very drying
not dry like other products
it doesn't dry out my skin
my face started to get little dry patches
but it was too tight for me type dry.
my skin has been quite dry
usually dry in winters
all it does it make the dry patches worse
within 5 minutes of washing it off my face became dry
for two days my t zone looked like an oil slick while still being super dry in other areas
i feel more likely the moisture stays on the surface of my skin
having combination skin i was hoping this would hydrate my dry areas
it don't have any effect both for my dry or for my acne
my skin is generally dry
i can still feel the dryness on my face
dry than it had before using the mask
my skin was drier than before
i am 44 years old with normal to dry skin.
my face actually looked wet.
however, this product is drying out my skin.
not meant for people with really dry skin.
this dried out my face more
also flaky dry in others
thick moisturizer for my dry spots
some parts tend to get "tight" when they are dry
it's definitely not going to be moisturising enough for cold weather climate in the winter
this just made my dry patches 10x worse
when my skin is feeling dry/tight
my dry skin absorbs it immediately.
it dried out my skin a bit
on the bright side, it doesn't dry out your skin.
very dry in others
although this didn't break me out my skin still felt dry 10mins after using this
i still had lots of dry patches
would be nice to use in the summer as a light moisturizer or if you do not have very dry skin
but using it daily caused my skin to dry out.
dry using this treatment
it doesn't dry up like a clay mask
micellar water wipes so as not to dry my skin out too much
it worsens my conditions even.
all this mask did was dry out my skin
it is hydrating if you have dry skin.
sensitive skin that can get dry or oily
just be sure to apply evenly or it will dry black
just be sure u apply evenly and allow to dry
my skin tends to be dry
i really liked the tingling cooling effect it left on my skin after i applied it
because it is not oily or wet
even some dry patches when using it
it dried out my eyes
i might try again in winter when my skin is more dry
this makes my skin really dry
this moisturizer is great for dry skin
this leaves my face feeling sticky in the summer
i very dry skin
i love this stuff for my ultra dry skin
sometimes my skin feels drier
i found that this doesn't absorb quickly at all on my dry skin
in my dry areas it works really well
your skin is still dry
i get dry spots year round
i tried it and it was very drying.
it just dries my skin
the consistency was way too thick
perhaps my skin wasn't as dry as i thought?
my skin is dry and sensitive.
my skin has always been very dry
i normally consider my skin to be very dry
it says it for dry combination skin
i love the moisture surge
the winter months i notice my face gets dry for the very first time
i ended up giving it to my mom who has extremely dry skin
it is convenient it use under your eyes if you have dry under eyes
i know it should be thicker to cater to dry skin
i saw this dry combination skin version have very good review also so wanted to give it a try during the dry winter months
t dries out my skin despite being a moisturizer
i also found it a little sticky after applying
after that, my eyelids became very dry and itchy.
i even used it with an eye cream to lessen the dryness
i followed with good cream as it dries the skin.
underneath became very dry
it's to the point where i now have patches of dry skin on my eye lids
now one that will help with extreme dryness
under the eye i became very dry
the skin becomes very dry too
i don't think i need a product to dry out my skin
all it did was completely dry out my eyelids
i found it really drying even in my oiliest parts
dry my skin bad
not for dry to combination skin
the second i rinsed it out i felt how the product left my skin completely dry
i like this product's warming
clean after i towel dry it
after i towel dry it my face just feels like it needs a lot of lotion
my skin felt dry
it felt so dry
wake up feeling dry
my skin feels dry and dehydrated the next time.
especially during the deep freeze winter months
i prefer a rich cream for very dry skin so this wouldn't be my first choice
when its washed off your skin is dry again
that area was very dry
now i am left with dry under eye area
i find it a bit drying
she has skin that is on the dryer side
unless you have super dry skin.
pretty dry on the rest of my face
i normally buy combo or dry skin products because the dryness is more severe than the oiliness
it did not improve my skin's texture or moisture level in dry areas though it did an ok job at keeping the oiliness at bay
dry on my cheeks
it has not provided much moisture for my skin
my skin has more dry areas than not
did not moisturize the dry areas of my face
it did not provide enough moisture for my combination-dry skin
after a week of using this my nose area got so dry
unfortunately it seems to provide some surface moisture
my skin remains dry underneath
this product is for dry skin only.
this is too hard to warm up and apply.
wanted to love this balm for my super dry face.
the directions say to warm it in your h
better for someone with super dry skin.
i think this is good for extreme hot
i find it to be only slightly hydrating on my dry skin
let it dry for an hour or so
i still have dry patches the next day
i noticed that my skin always felt kind of dry after using it
especially in the drier areas of my face like around the nose
i also found it a little drying.
it is way too thick
very dry formula mascara
i usually have very thirsty dry skin
it makes me feel dry
(also feels tight/drying after applying).
there is a sticky feeling when it is applied
doesn't dry out my skin
the luxury disappears since skin still looks dry
have that itchy dry feel
i got treatment but little moisture.
there was minimal improvement to my dry skin.
like did i just open a jar of deep moisture therapy or the door to a fish market?
use it over the winter to see if it is better suited for my dry winter skin
my skin gets dry
this cream made my skin dry
i returned this because the cream is just too thick
my skin still regularly felt dry
dried out my skin
rather a dewy look which is nice for those who have dry skin
without drying out the dry parts of my face
try it on days i'm feeling especially dry
so this dried my face a lot
even though i live in hot
too drying for sure
i still haven't found the perfect cooling puffy eye remedy
the skin feels dry
after this i have to use some hardcore treatments around eyes to help dry skin
i felt like this was drying to my eye area.
i do like the moisture it gives.
it also made my eyes feel a little dry afterwards
maybe this product is better for normal or dry skin
it's too dry for my t-zone
now my skin is more like dry
will find another moisturiser after empty this bottle because of dryness
use it mainly in the wintertime
i apply it to the dry areas of my face only
it was difficult to spread across my face unlike the heavier creams on the market for dry skins
dry patches on my chin mainly brought about by the weather
this product did not eliminate the dry patches on my chin at all
unfortunately it simply is not moisturizing enough for my dry skin
those with dry skin will find their skin not quite hydrated enough throughout the day
- doesn't dry out your face
my skin is normally dry.
i should've done the normal/dry type
this might be a great product for someone with dry skin
maybe if you have dry skin it could work??
it helped with my dry spots
i tend towards dry skin
cons: it often sits on top of my driest patches
the areas that have improved have not been the driest parts of my face
mostly dry skin than argan oil
dryness in the winter
in the cold months i think i need to stick with a rich moisturizer
my skin is combination/dry.
this felt too thick
in the winter very dry
this said it's a dry oil
i decided to try this oil for using as a facial massage base for my normal to slightly dry
formula its was way too thick
it's in a lightweight dry oil form
this product left me with dry patches
dry patches for the first time in my life
i got some red dry patches around my mouth
since then my skin has been so dry
she has dry sensitive skin
tight without being drying which is a plus
applied on dry skin
i get dry patches around my nose
this is almost unusable it smells so bad
it is very drying.
i live in a damp climate
this left my skin feeling like a desert
it didn't dry out my skin
t may be good for people with very dry skin
the second picture on the website indicates that this is a moisturizer for dry combination to combination oily skin
i found that on the top of the pack it wrote "1 for very dry to dry skin type"
i think it's better to offer a choice on the website or just clearly mark that this is for very dry to dry skin
this is making my face feel so dry
especially in any kind of heat
my skin is still very dry in the am
heat applied to the skin
which might not be a bad idea to use on the drier parts of you body
i can see it being great for parched skins
in fact, it dried out some parts of my face.
it just dried me out.
found it too thick
it also didn't make me break out or make my skin feel tight or dry
at least not for greasy/dry skin.
all it did was make my skin dry
when you dry up your skin
mouth start peeling of how dry it made it
bought this because my skin has been dry
it actually dried out my skin!
night that my skin would get a little dry though
made my skin super dry
my face was still dry
it dried out my face really bad
the moisturizer itself is very good it really helped with my dry skin
it also didn't help dry out any of the pimples on my face
does't over dry the skin
it's not drying like most treatments
this would happen right after i would wash them dry my face
made my face sticky and tight.
in addition it slightly stung my dry patches
it burned my dry/acne skin
i only gave it 3 stars because as soon as its washed off my face is extremely dry again
might just be this brutally cold winter
sometimes i feel my skin is to dry
my dry skin tends to be closer to normal in the summer months
found that it actually brought out the dryness in my skin
i ended up with dry patches on both cheeks
i like the icy cool feeling,kinda blow my mind.
it did not dry my skin out even after i forget to apply a moisturizer
on the bright side..its not over drying?
they are just drying
very dry when i come out the shower
doesn't moisturize my winter dry patches at all
maybe in the hot weather it will work better,
not sure as this could be due to a new face lotion/weather changing
it made my skin dry and made me breakout.
it a actually felt very dry and sticky.
in fact, my skin feels drier afterward.
this dried out my skin very badly.
recommend not only using this if you have dry skin must moisturize after
with winter weather my skin has been dry
within 3 days realized my skin was even more dry
i've used it for about a month on my normal/dry skin
my usual moisturizer isn't cutting it in my arid winter
in fact left my skin feeling drier
was hoping this will help moisturize the dry areas of my fast
i really only have dry skin late winter to early spring
it does get dry in my t-zone
if you feel like your skin is dry
my skin is normal to dry
on the dry patches at night
i decided to test this oil out on my dry patches of skin on my elbows
was too much even for my dry hair
this expensive mask didnt really do anything for my dry skin
it just overly dries the areas already super dry
my skin was very dry afterwards .
especially in the winter
it left my skin feeling drier
worse it actually dried out my skin
it did make my skin a little too dry after continuous use
what i don't like is that my skin feels dry after using it
my face has never been this dry.
it made my skin even more dry than it usually is.
i am dry skin, it cannot moisten my skin
i don't have dry skin at all
this way too light of a moisturizer to use in the winter
it really helps with dry skin
i also live in a place that is very dry
my skin feels dry
have to deal with very cold winters
dry patched with a touch of oil in my t-zone at the end of a hot day
my skin is so dry from the winter months
i like rich creams in the winter due to dry skin
worked well with my dry skin
i moved on to boscia night moisture cream
my skin is very dry
actually made my corners of my eyes dry
the cold applicator feels good on the eye area
cold applicator feels good.
it burned so bad
i find my eyes more parched
it was such a wet consistency
under eyes felt dry
the product also dried out the area under my eyes
it also made my eyes dry
it's especially dry when i used it during the day
and i have dry skin.
caused breakouts on my sensitive dry skin.
skin even feels drier after wake up in the morning
my skin is dry by the morning
my skin is still very dry
then dried out my problem areas to the point where i may have scarring
it made my skin dry
it made my cheeks dry
the ferulic acid is supposed to also help with sun damage
also dry out my skin severely
i found this product to be drying
it's also pretty drying
people with oily skin might not have such a problem with this being drying
my dry areas are still dry.
it isn't a drying product
i am ok with it because i have dry skin
this product could be a gift from heaven if you have dry to normal skin
my skin still feels slightly dry
i am 41 with combo skin on the dry side
every morning i wake up to dry skin
it started to dry out my skins
this is def not for someone with dry skin
i really don't recommend for dry skin to use it during winter
i felt it was drying my face
i let it dry before applying
very drying and i did not see any brightening.
now my under eyes are a dry and scaled.
this brightener didn't dry very well
might be best for dry or winter skin
my skin felt drier .
if your skin is very dry or dehydrated this may not work you
this product is more suitable for dry skin
even in humid summer
didn't leave me feeling dry after a while
left my skin feeling sticky between drying
i would recommend for "normal" skin, not "dry".
as a person with dryness
my skin has been usually dry
doesn't help dry skin at all
i still see dry patches right after i use this
after about ten min into it drying it made my skin feel really dry
this would be great for anyone with dry skin.
once it was dry my skin felt tight
bought this because in the winter i get really dry patches on my chin
for normal, even dry skin this would be great!
even with dry skin
my skin has been so dry it is aching
this product is supposed to be for dry skin
i used it during summer when my skin was less dry
let dry in between
i am older, and my skin is normall/dry.
my skin is still dry
dry out at the same time
dry patches that aren't flaking off
my skin feels oily for quite sometime after application
would recommend it for those with very dry skin
not even with the dryness.
my skin has been severely dry for years
my skin was extremely dry afterwards.
even if i kept it closed the mud inside dried
it was hard to spread, but it did dry very well.
the only downfall i found with this product was the jar dried out fairly fast
dryness around my eye area
along with dryness around the eye
dried out my eye area that i didn't like
it takes too long to dry even when i use a small amount
my time in the morning is too precious to waste waiting for this to dry
i found this eye concentrate to be drying
as long as you let it dry for a minute
a sticky feeling that lasts for hours
it gets dry in the winter
i don't think it would once my skin turns dry in the winter
wet look on my face
it does not provide enough moisture for my dry skin during the winter
i felt it would be drying to someone with dry skin as it left my oily skin feeling parched
can leave skin a bit dry if you don't rinse really well
this probably is good for dry sking
they suggest 3-4 pumps on dry skin to start
it is to use it on a dry face
the moisture does last
dry feeling it tends to get
warm it up between your h
dry patches in winter
lives in a very dry climate
it dries pretty quickly
i live in a desert climate where humidity hardly exists
i still have my sun spots
not moisture enough for cold/dry winter
it protects my skin enough that i don't get wrinkles from the cold winter weather
for those of u like me suffering from adult acne with sensitive dry skin
it was too thick for my combination skin
my skin doesn't look dry
i washed my face with cold water
perhaps drying on some people
my skin became really dry
which is a drying alcohol that will actually cause wrinkles
exchanged this for the all skin types formula which can be for dry skin
okay i got a sample of this because my skin is super dry over winter
when i say dry i mean like extremely rough texture
it made my skin feel more dry
because of the face wash my skin became s dry
was of no help to my areas of dry skin
made it feel tight when it dried
cream for my dry
is as dry as the sahara then you will love this
it is for dry dehydrated skin
the dry skin months
i also get dry patches on my nose
it's definitely moisturizer so would be good for people with dry skin or as a night cream
it dried out my skin
it did dry up the oil
it gave my skin that kind of shine it gets when its just been washed dry
so my skin was dry, but not matte.
when my skin was that dry
fixed my dry skin problem
after my dry skin had been fixed
i find that i have a few dry spots
elbows during the winter when my skin gets super dry
i got this product in dry/combination to combination/oily version
note that the description says that it is for dry/combination to combination/oily skin types
while the picture shows that it for very dry to dry skin
the product that was delivered is actually for dry/combination to combination/oily
this is good for summer when skin is not dry
might be better for someone with very dry skin?
i live in a dry climate
have pretty dry skin
i feel like when i skip a day my skin is back to dry
which is a peak on wintertime
it made my skin dry
this is an amazing cream for dry
the next morning my face felt dull and dry.
have seasonal dry skin
this might work if you are in a warmer climate
dry up the area around my eyes
it actually dried out my skin rather than hydrated it
very dry every time i tried to use it
thought the irritation was caused by dry air on the plane
i too experienced a burning sensation when i applied this cream
it left by eye area very dry causing peeling
but it made my eyes so dry and crepey!
would be great during the dry winter months
the product is sticky and takes a time to dry.
in the evenings you need the same amount of time to dry before continuing with lotion or trying to sleep
i noticed even with an hour of dry time the product would still stick to my pillow
this will probably work better for those with dry skin
my skin has gotten very dry
my skin has become super parched.
then i started noticing that i was getting flaky dry patches on my face
sure enough my dry patches went away
my dry patches returned
my skin is normal sometimes oily but rarely dry.
this made my skin red, dry, and flaky.
my skin is still dry
it made my oily skin extremely dry
i began to develop horrible dry red patches on my face
perhaps i'll try again in the winter when its less humid
my crazy combo skin gets drier
especially in the winter
it keeps my skin matte in hot weather
once my face is rinsed i could see how dry my skin truly was
my skin felt dry afterward
my skin is still little dry
my dry patches are back
i realized it was drying out my face
my skin was peeling and was dry, it was horrible.
super drying to the skin.
it is a bit drying
it was so drying!
le how dry it made the delicate skin under my eyes
this dried out my eyes like crazy.
but it burned so bad!!
it made the skin around my eyes incredibly dry
this product dried out my skin
it kind of has a dry feeling about an hour after you put it on
this dried out my under eye area
burned like the dickens and dried out my skin.
it dried out the skin under my eyes making it rough
this eye cream solved my issue of dry under eyes
so dry my skin was cracking
always have dry skin around the eye area
how it could have dried out my under eyes
can be seen in the sun
my face still feels dry
i really wanted to use it on my face because i have very dry flaky patches
where the temperature is 10c cooler than china
my skin has gotten drier
from the cold it might help
i wore this as an overnight treatment for dry h
the packaging was so bad that the crème starts to dry our after 1 month
within a week i developed dry patches under my eyes
it caused severe dryness
in fact it gave me dry patches around my eyes
dryness under my eyes
drying my eye area
i think this product dried out the under eye of my right eye forming a dark irritated dry patch
my eye area became really dry
it has offered some moisture
this product never dries!
ultimately still left a few areas dry
it felt very thick when i applied it
i would recommend this during harsh winters.
did not work on my dry skin.
used alot but skin was still dry when i woke up.
my skin was dry
thirsty in the winter
in fact when i wake up my skin is typically dry
absorbed completely dry in seconds
my regular nighttime moisture cream beat out this moisture mask
the trouble is keeping the mask moist once opened
the mask appears to work well on my normal to dry skin
my skin was still sticky in the morning
it burns like crazy when applied
left my skin a little wet
it seemed to be the perfect solution for my wintertime skin
dry skin on my cheeks
this products works really well on dry skin.
i would recommend this for all over dry skin
area around my mouth get dry with this product
i started getting dry patches on my cheeks
left we with really bad dry patches on my cheeks
if you do have dry skin i wouldn't go with this one
probably better for more oily skin or very humid climates
the only time i've ever had a few pimples was my first few weeks in this country when my skin was adjusting to the cold dry weather
the way that is absorbed into my skin completely with no dry patches
because i love the super charge overnight moisture
this is a little odd because during the summer months i don't typically have any problems with dry skin
it leaves my skin dry every time
i've never had a problem with other moisturizers leaving my skin feeling so dry before
my face still was dry
my skin still feels dry even though i used it the night before
i feel like i still have dry spots
maybe i have extremely dry skin
i found myself needing to reapply the product so that my skin don't flake due to dryness
i found use in it as a body oil for dry spots
doesn't keep my dry spots as moisturized as other night creams do
my dry spots felt greasy
it does seem to protect my skin from losing moisture to cold
it left my skin feeling extremely dry and stiff.
i find this cleanser too drying on my skin
but it leaves my face overly dry.
for most dry skin types
flaky skin i get during the winter
i loved the way it really saturated my skin with moisture
my skin is very dry
i returned it the same day i got it because not only was it not hydrating for my dry skin
my dry patches never went away
which tend to dry out my skin
however for my dry skin, it does nothing.
it made my skin feel tight and dry.
is sticky in the warm months
isn't rich enough in the cold months
i don't have dry skin
my skin gets very dry in the winter to the point of flakiness
it leaves my skin tight
i am dry as the dessert
it left my face with dry patches
it dried out my skin
this cleansing foam dried my skin out leaving it feeling tight
my skin was super dry at some places
i found the wash to be over-drying
having dry/dehydrated skin
i actually have very dry skin
so the smell is because this is mostly rosehip oil
i think this would be more suitable for someone who have super dry skin around the eyes
i think i would like this eye cream for the hot summer months
the product i find that gives me the moisture
watery for however long i left the cream on
it gave the area applied a glossy "wet-look" as well
however if you have combination skin with dry spots you will need another moisturizer
living in a drier state makes this a no go for me
i ended up with dry patches
absorbed quickly while still quenching my dry skin
it just isn't enough for how dry my skin is
with the humid weather this primer did nothing to keep me shine free
this dried out my skin so bad i had flakes of skin like i had a sunburn
sun damaged skin with large pores pretty much everywhere
it is too drying for use twice a day
the product is not as drying as other retinols
my combination skin is even more dry
my skin would soak it in
dry spots on my skin
to start off, i have very dry skin.
it feels dry like a very light daytime cream
i went on vacation where my skin was not used to the dry climate
thinking it would help with the dry skin on my chin
i don't have dry skin
because i get dry skin from acne
dry skin with several new break outs
this could potentially work for someone with dry skin
or someone living in a less humid or cooler climate
for my semi oily skin during a humid northeast summer
made skin oilier yet didn't help dry skin.
when i put it on i still needed to use a moisturizer because my skin felt very dry
my skin wasn't dry
i put a pinch on my skin, which is normal-dry.
my dry patches are still there
cal when the weather was very low humidity hoping it would keep my skin moisturized
too sticky, i returned it.
i've noticed some dry spots since i started using this bottle
i live in a very warm
humid part of the country
if i end up moving some place very dry or with cold
i wanted to like this moisturizer since it has helped the dryness of my combination skin's winter dry areas
it will be thick under those
it is great for my dry skin.
for someone with dry skin, this may be great!
i also live in a hot/ moderately humid city.
this is a little bit dry when i put it on my skin
is quite dry so there is no oily feeling on your face
i've used perricone's deep moisture therapy on some mornings
this is probably good for dry skin
in fact it dried out my skin.
my face gets very dry
noticed my skin getting dry
it may be a holy grail for women with dry skin
then afterwards feels dry
my skin was not dry when i woke up
can't even blame this on harsh weather wearing the plastic down
this is probably a good product for hot climates or summer months
my skin was dry
my face felt very dry
my skin looked parched
since my skin is most dry
i do not have dry skin
i am still dealing with the dry patches
some dry patches that i had were gone
it dried really tight which i hate
does nothing for my dry skin
my skin felt dry after i used the product.
this one was not great for dryish middle aged skin
however it left my skin very dry
it is not for dry skin.
not what i'd expect for "dry
if you live in a dry climate or are dealing with harsh winters definitely don't get this
my skin is combination with more of a tendency to get dry
normal-dry everywhere else
cheeks sooo so dry
in the two days since have had *very* sensitive/dry patches of skin to either side of my nose
the exfoliation was much too rough for daily use with my dry
instead it was dry
it was itchy too
love that it cleanses my face without drying.
it seems like the product is to thick for this pump
doesn't dry it out
it did nothing except making it more dry
this stuff dries out my skin
it didn't moisturize at all in fact the dry areas on my face started flaking almost immediately
however it made my eye skin really drying
soothing effect on my very dry
found it to be very drying
cold water does the same thing.
feels cool when it goes on, dries
didn't help with dry skin at all
the only problem is how dry my face is after washing it off
it even made my lips incredibly dry and cracked.
because my skin was so dry
this moisturizer made my skin very dry.
it seemed to make my skin look even drier
in this cold dry winter it was useless for me
i think it was also too much moisture for my oily skin
my dry skin felt even drier with this oil.
made my skin dry
makeup on days my skin seems dry
however after about a week my cheeks began to form dry scaly patches that almost burned when i put makeup on
took several days of thick moisturizer to make the dry scaly patches go away
i only use this when my skin feels dry
i find this product very drying.
my face feels dry
i did not find it to be drying
my big problem with the product is that it is dry
it had absorbed or dried
sort of dry consistency that feels like it does not absorb into the layers of the skin
made my skin super dry
my eye area is never dry
during mid day, i feel dry on my cheeks.
ps: i have very dry skin
this enhanced my dry patches
even after applying it my skin felt tight
con: product dries up too fast!
because of the fast-drying effect
smells amazing, too dry for the winter tho.
not cool... at all.
creating dry spots that peeled
after continued use, really dried out my skin.
really helps moisturize my eyes when i have dry areas due to my allergies
especially since it's getting colder
since the weather is more dry here
this is not hydrating enough in alberta's weather
felt even more dry
not those with combo or dry skin
dried my face out horribly
this hasn't helped because it dried my skin
dries up the skin
it made my face dry
josie maran line dries out my skin
then face would be dry around lunch
this was recommended for my dry
not for really dry skinprobably ok in a hot humid summer day
i found this cleanser to be a bit drying.
it feels kind of sticky while drying
they burned and watered like crazy.
which just leaves my eye area super dry
it block pores even in my dry zone.
it make my face feel oily and dry.
unfortunately it leaves me with dry patches for some reason
not enough moisture for me and i found it greasy.
don't get this unless your skin is extremely dry
it left my cheeks so dry
all it did was heavily emphasize my dry patches
my skin is still dry
i recently moved to a much drier climate
it made my whole face super dry
for a girl with dry skin, i actually felt oily!
in less than 24 hours i had a dry flakey patch of skin
it took a month to get rid of that dry patch
tried this out because it said it was great for dry skin
lately my skin has been dry as bone
is at days dry
gives me trouble when my skin is dry
it unfortunately didn't relieve my dry spots.
on its own i find i have to use a ton of it to get my dry areas hydrated
my skin can be pretty parched
not great for dry sensitive skin.
i think it actually caused under my eye to become more dry
not for dry skin.
good that it has spf for sun protection.
my skin is dry by the end of the day.
the skin will feel dry after few hours.
it definitely dried my face out
when i put any foundation or concealer on my dry patches
dry texture showed through
it is to add on to your facial routine especially in the winter when dry or peeling occurs
normally don't have rough skin
my skin was slightly dry
these pads dried my skin so severely
dry the pimple out
these did not dry out my sensitive/combination skin
i must not have dry enough skin
not even under full-hot running water
it did not dry out my rather dry skin.
more on the dry side so wanted to try something that wouldn't further dry out my skin
while it did not dry my skin out
my aesthetician recommended this for my dry skin
it was so very dry and hard to apply.
i kept applying this weird dry mud substance
it is so rough on the skin
for my dry skin, it is a disaster.
after rinsing my face was extremely dried out
it doesn't dry up your skin :
i prefer to pat dry
however if you have dry or combination skin
you might feel a tight drying feeling
the texture was poor too.
i noticed with both these products my skin is dried out
made my eye area itch and become very dry.
my eye area is extremely dry
they still continued to get drier
it just made my eye bags super dry
also very dry compared to the rest of my face which is oily
it was very drying
the skin around my eyes looked even more dry
the area was dehydrated
it was much to dry for the under eye area.
'll see if it's usable in the summer when my skin isn't quite as dry
well my skin is normal to dry
very dry skin i was surprised at how soft my skin felt the next morning
the night cream is a bit much for my combination-dry skin
it's the dry season
it still felt sticky on my skin
my face dried out
get that uncomfortable dryness feeling
especially the reviews by dry-skinned people
because i can feel how dry
my dry skin gets taken care of
too thick to apply hard to rinse off
very drying broke out like crazy after using it
good for normal to dry skin.
however it tends to dry my skin out.
also had dry skin
my drier areas need to be clean
doesn't dry the skin
my skin is extremely dry
if you're moderately dry or just need an occasional boost of moisture
this didn't dry me out
i live in a very hot area in the inl
t's very dry here all the time
my skin had been so dry that it felt flaky
my own fresh-cut cucumbers to help with the dryness
i usually use this after other masks that can leave my skin with that tight feeling or if i have some dry spots due to acne products
perhaps my skin is not dry
i'd even say my skin is slightly on the dry side
cool on my face when i applied it
on my dry skin it doesn't really hydrate at all
i am on accutane right now for my acne as my skin is dry
woke up with pretty dry skin
s put it on a dry face
it made my skin really dry
moisture to fix the dryness
so this cleanser is leaving certain areas of my face too dry for my taste
it dried out my skin
the whole putting this on dry face is very uncomfortable
this is more for someone with dry skin.
it is good in that it is not drying
my skin is so dry from this harsh winter
my skin is so dry that after i wash
my skin feels as tight as if i had on a dried clay mask on-- i was hoping this oil would help that
i think it would probably work well for someone whose skin isn't as severely dry as mine
it even provides enough moisture for this harsh northeast winter
its cold cold weather
struggle with dry patches
saying it caused their skin to get dry
i still have dry patches
this moisturizer kept the dry skin away for sure
this is so drying!
woke up with dry
not for people with very dry skin!!!!
it felt too thick
i loved this at first because my face was so dry.
i honestly felt like it was just a bottle filled with cloudy water
left my dry skin itchy and read.
dried my skin out
i don't have particularly dry skin
i saw no difference in my dry skin
in fact my chin still had dry patches
this products makes my skin feels dry
it dried out my skin though
i feel this cleanser would be better suited for the warmer months as i find it a bit drying for the winter weather
searching for a new cleanser for my dry
i also felt very dry.
my cheeks were so dry and red.
it's too drying for my skin
not for sensitive, dry, acne prone skin.
this moisturizer is very good for those who have dry to very dry skin
this product dried my skin out
it was too thick
slightly drier in winter
it gave me very dry patch on my cheeks
it was still very oily on me hours after i applied it
this must be a product for those who have seriously dry skin
not just moderately dry
it's a fair cream for people who have very dry skin
tried using it on some dry spots on my arms
it was just ok until about the third week when i noticed my skin getting very dry with a burning tight sensation
great for winter dry skin
i recommend for those with very dry skin
other than feeling moist
maybe if i had dry skin or wrinkles
this product made my skin very dry after using it for two nights
this eye cream did nothing positive for my dry skin either
the next morning the area around my eyes still feels dry
it lets some of the cream dry out
what i didn't like was that the pump always got dry clumps of moisturizer before the next use
after allowing the cream to dry i felt a tightness
dryness on my skin
my skin felt really dry
this morning my skin feels super dry
my eye area was so dry after using
cleanser was very drying.
like other reviews it left my face dry
you could actually see the dryness
a bit too harsh for my sensitive dry winter skin.
leaves my face dry
especially during colder months-feels nice-doesn't strip face of moisture-suitable for both dry
after a couple of uses it left my skin feeling dry
it can also be drying
for me, it made my hands dry after a few uses.
have with very dry skin
it did the job but it is too dry for my skin.
my skin was dry
live in a dry climate
it really dried out my skin
i live in a dry climate
i found this very drying.
this "deep hydrator" severely dried my skin
my skin that isn't even particularly dry to begin with
when i notice my skin is dry, i put this on.
my face actually feels drier when i use this.
with dry spots on my cheeks
i don't really see a difference in my dry patches
once i stopped using it the dry patches disappeared
i still wake up with dry patches
does dry quickly to stay on all night
moisture i get from this are not sufficient for my very dry skin
this worked wonders on my cheeks which tend to be very dry
i think it is good for dry skin type
not only did it dry out the skin under my eyes to the point they started to crack
also it made my eyes feel dry and tired.
the skin around my eyes are super dry
and its too dry to be a nice eye cream
this gel-like consistency might be better for warmer weather
my skin still feels dry
after a few days using it i noticed my skin was very dry
the next day my skin was so dry
when i wash my face at the end of the day my skin is still extremely parched
drier in the north east the product does not provide enough moisture for my sensitive/dry skin type
but it left my skin quite dry.
i needed an anti-aging lotion that wouldn't dry out my skin or cause me to break out
my skin began to get very dry
especially in the cold winter months
i would never buy this product due to the strong scent of mildewy towels
never washed or dried properly
it actually made my face feel dry
except lay like a very heavy cream that dries up
decided to use it because the weather is getting cooler
my skin felt abit tight and dry after using it.
i find there just isn't enough moisture for my normal to normal dry skin
ended up having very flaky skin because of this cream
still had flakey skin
i love them although they are a little bit dry for winter
i find it just doesn't provide enough moisture for my relatively dry yet acne-prone skin
waited 30mins for it to fully dry
it dried pretty fast
most of the product will be dried
dry excess oil in my t-zone
other parts were still wet
i don't feel a little dry
my skin tends to by dry so this mask definitely leaves it a bit dry
my skin is dry/normal yet acne prone with large pores
after a hot steamy shower
maybe it isn't meant for dry/normal skin.
it also over dries my skin
it just dried my face
dried out after using it
even then i still had dry patches
after an uncomfortable 40 minutes waiting for all of it to dry
i found my skin felt very dry
almost a little bit dry
has a tendency to dry out my skin
all i got was more dryness
on the plus side, did not over dry my skin.
my face felt cleansed without being dry or tight.
left my skin feeling dry
my skin has never been so dry and flaky.
it left my skin feeling a little dry
was drying on my already dry skin
keep in mind i have dry and sensitive skin.
all it really did was cause dry patches to appear
i am 33 years old with dry, very pale skin.
i love this product because it has fixed my dry skin
i no longer suffer from mid day dry skin.
however the itchy eyes and watering have not.
i tended to use this product to against dryness around my eyes
my sleep is irregular so take my review with a grain of salt
my eye area becomes very dry
now the skin under eye looks really bad because of the dryness
i made my eye area dry and flaky.
my undereyes were left very dry.
it still burns when i apply it
it gets absorbed ok on my dry areas
i will dry out
unfortunately it dried sticky
my skin has not become dry or flaky so far this winter
my usually combination oily skin has been dry lately due to winter
very drying on my skin
not enough for combination dehydrated skin with dry patches or skin that is dried out from using acne products
left it very dry
i am pretty dry
there are no flakes or dry patches after use
it left my skin drier than when i started
on wednesday a makeup artist was asking why my skin was so dry
the dry parts of my skin were not improved
left my skin looking drier than before
it made my skin even more dry
my skin is dry
my skin is on the normal/dry side right now so this should have been a perfect match
had such high hopes for my dry skin
it's absorbed very quickly but it's quite dry.
unfortunately it dried out
i wouldn't recommend it for people with dry or sensitive skin
it leaves my skin feeling very dry
it left my skin feeling very dry
prefer this product over makeup removers which tend to dry the skin out
i found the formula of this primer to be really dry
i still gave it three stars because it did not dry my skin
this product would work great for someone with dry skin
the texture was more cloudy
then my face looked dry
my skin actually felt drier after applying
or for folks with less dry skin than i have
and my skin still feel dry and parched mid-day.
being 41 with dry skin
my skin: sensitive, normal to dry
at the beginning i thought the oily feeling might go away since the weather is cold
it does not adequately moisturize the dry spots on my combination skin
perhaps my opinion will change when the weather is warmer
right after using it my skin feels dry
this dried my face a little.
felt really dried out
pros: i had dry skin
my face is actually so dry my skin feels tight
the product is so dry
the texture was very drying
would not recommend for dry under eyes
made my under eye area feel dry
feel super dry after a few hours
with my extremely dry skin i felt like my concealer caked on top of this like no other
it dried the skin under my eyes
it wasn't drying at all, though.
it might be a nice level of exfoliation for someone with more dry
clean without drying your skin
it feels a bit drying while on
dry skin still feels dry after apply sunscreen
really give me the extra help my already-dry skin needs in the winter
it feels very dry on skin too.
the consistency is very much like a cold cream
very much similiar to pond's cold cream
the hot towel is a bit of an inconvenience.
i remove pretty well all my cleansers with a hot cloth
gently air dry my face i found it so tight
plumps up my dry skin a bit
when i woke up skin felt dry
leaving it dry, red, itchy and bumpy.
it left my skin dried out
my skin started feeling really dry
you're guaranteed to dry your face out
leaving it so dry my face started flaking
my face was so dried out it felt chapped
even the skin on my eyes were dried
it was super drying on my skin
it was so drying to my skin.
even though i have dry skin
it just exacerbated my dryness
this dried out my skin like crazy
however, this dried my skin out like crazy!
my face would feel dry
dry it out even more
i felt this product was drying
im still trying to get the dryness
it was too thick
i wouldn't have returned it if it didn't dry my skin out
it also clings onto dry patches which i rarely ever get
it is not dry but dark and has little coverage.
didn't leave any dry looking patches on my skin
makes my skin feel dry
was left with a horribly bumpy
my skin is dry
since putting this on--even my ever oily t-zone feels too dry
it's just the opposite- very drying
my skin got no long lasting moisture from this product
not dry at all
this was recommend to me when i explained my skin was dry
became even more dry
i started to get dry patches
this product is good for the ac summer dryness
the super cold winter dryness
any other dryness it just made me break out
it dried my skin out
dry at the same time
occasionally my under eyes were a bit dry
during the winter this helped solve the dryness problem
dried out my skin
i never had an issue with dry under eyes
my eyes were all puffy and dry looking.
they won't stop watering
it still leaves my eye dry throughout the day
winters in the midwest gets cold
it was unusable after the heat damage
(not that it was under sun light.
felt drying on my undereye.
the skin around my eyes is very dry.
it has helped to hydrate my overly dry under eyes
i notice my dry patches developing again
the spots seemed to dry up
the skin on my nose was so dry for the next week that my nose got flakey
not enough blackhead removal for how dry i got.
they were not drying like this
cooling wet strip is a nice addition
the dry patch pulled one sad little blackhead.
was my nose wet enough?
the dry strip felt so good
the dry strip was very hard to remove
the dry strip really sticks to your face
the dry strip worked great.
i liked the wet strip to apply after the dry one.
you let it dry
it took a lot longer to dry because it comes soaked in product
the strip actually started disintegrating after it was completely dry
the wet strip was horrible as well
the instructions said to wet your skin
apply the dry patch
i could not get the dry patch to adhere to my nose at all
finally i had to run the dry patch under water
when i peeled the dry patch off
when the first patch dries on your face
the second wet soothing patch is nice
my skin stayed dry for a couple days
it didn't just "dry on the skin" it dried out my skin
i left this on until completely dry
i can't see this working for people with dry skin
unfortunately it is way too drying for me
my skin is so dry that my expression lines are severley exaggerated compared to how my skin looked before the mask
after i found my face was really dry
it dries my skin a lot afterwards
this was just way too rough on my already dry skin
although in my less dry areas
us dry skin ladies
my skin is dry, but not sensitive.
then rinsed with warm water
my skin felt smooth afterward, but somewhat dry.
this glamglow product seems too drying for my already dry skin
too drying for my skin.
leave it to dry for 5-10 like it recommends
otherwise it would have been to drying
it burned so bad
took a long time to dry
it seems to make my eye area feel tight after it dries
only found it to be sticky
my eye lids are extremely dry
it left my skin visibly dry
i tend to have dry skin to begin with
it just leaves my skin way too dry
i found it to be very drying
unfortunately it left my skin dry
in the last year developed slight dry patches during the colder months along my cheeks
my skin felt so dry
made my skin all dry and peely.
i could feel my dry skin immediately after washing
also my skin was over dried out.
it left dry patches all over my face
my skin was extremely dry to the point were it was peeling after 3 uses no cleanser has ever done this to my skin
i found it very drying.
too drying, too foaming.
this cleanser made my face dry as toast
don't tend to have issues with dryness
definitely for a deep nourishment for sun damaged skin
bacon or even hot dog water
i currently reside in a dry climate
to me this smells like hot dog water.
it does give some moisture to my skin
it started drying my skin out
it dried me out
unfortunately it just made my skin drier
it was not too drying after you wash your face off though
i felt like i was living in a deep forest
okay for general moisture
the fumes were so bad
it dries my face.
get the night creme if you have dry skin
it dried my skin even more
when it got wet
my face felt very dry
has been burning as though badly sunburned in the 2 hours since
it did mildly exfoliate my dry
dry on the cheeks
as you warm it up
then my face was left dry
acne prone dry skin
its definitely not for dry skin.
it made my skin more dry
you see the drying effects of alcohol
i didn't see any improvement or differences for my dry skin
within two days my skin was dry
i am 40-year-old with dehydrated dry skin been using this i do not see no difference in my skin
i don't have dry skin
so this might help people with dry skin
whose skin is combination dry
unfortunately for me this actually made my skin drier
following its use, my chapped areas are worse!
probably it good for dry skin.
it should be after a foaming cleanser if you have dry skin or before if your skin is normal
now that it is humid
hot outside my skin does not agree with this
i did not like rubbing the cleanser on my dry skin first
i like that this goes on dry without any water.
i am still left with my skin feeling a little greasy after drying off
my eyes felt dry
they felt cloudy from the oil
almost drying on the skin
only used it as a precleanser or underneath mud masks which are always too drying for me
i found that after i'd rinse my face with warm water
i find it to only be effective if i theb use a warm damp cloth to actually take everything off
while it felt rinsed after some warm water
when i dried my face on my nice
especially good for winter dry skin
for dry skin, it might be a great product.
it's this unguinous creepy-feeling gel that you put on your dry face with dry h
start on dry skin
my under eye skin is still dry
i found this product to be very drying.
my eye area became too dry
way too light for dry skin
my skin feels dry on the cheeks
my skin became dry
it really lightened some sun spots
i actually have to mix with day cream to get full moister
during the day my skin feels parched
perhaps it would be a good moisturizer to use under something else for the dry/normal skinned people
not my dry skin
i find it a little drying
but my skin tends to be dry in the winter.
bought in the winter to moisture my skin during the cold weather
especially because i have super dry skin
i recommend just putting the product on dry parts of your skin
my nose area was a little dry one night
especially during the winter
my spots are darker than ever before with a very dry skin
it was too drying
it immediately dried out my skin
it dries out my skin
it actually left my skin with dry flakes the first time i used it
that might be because i do not have dry skin
found it very drying
it dried my skin out really badly
i tried both on wet
also you have to use on dry skin which is weird.
my skin is dried
it kinda dried out my 57 year old skin.
this just is too drying for older skin.
especially in the winter time
was in dire need of deep hydration due to dry winter weather
my skin is on the dry side normally
very thirsty in winter
my skin feels dry in the morning.
where i live in the desert it is very dry
my skin is dried
i live in a place that is fairly cool year round
my skin was even drier than it normally would be on days i wasn't wearing makeup
my skin still feels very dry
my skin is super dry - this did not help one bit.
border on drying my skin out
caused my skin to dry out and break out.
my face has become dry
it's also quite drying if you have normal/combination skin
after using this i noticed little powdery patches on my face where it dried
my skin was actually drier
found it very drying
my skin is dry/dehydrated
after reading the reviews i thought this product would be perfect for my dry flaky
not helping my dryness at all
like a film over dry skin
i tried applying it to damp skin to see if that made a difference
for some reason this did nothing to moisturize my extremely dry skin
dry even after applying it
its it's hard to find a thick cream that helps my dry skin
this definitely is not drying
it caused some extreme dark dry patches on my skin
it seems to really moisturize my skin on those dry winter days
it is very drying
my skin is so scaly m dry
my skin has been dry
it's a pretty good moisturizer for dry skin
does hydrate my dry skin
due to the thick texture that does not get absorbed
kind of dry on the cheeks
it is very gooey but it is dry by the morning.
in the morning i had dry patches.
my skin actually felt drier after using this product
going on the skin it was heavy and thick.
it felt really heavy and thick on my face.
wash my face in the morning my face is drier than i've had it before
it made my skin really dry in some areas
this product is simply a freezing
each morning had flakes of dry skin that i had to carefully get off with cleansing milk
i've noticed that it's very drying under my make up
really dried out my skin.
everywhere i applied this serum i got severe dry patches
it left my eyes dry.
it made my skin feel great...clean but not dry.
after two weeks i noticed flakes on my nose as if it was drying it out too much
i think the over drying caused my skin to breakout
is terrible for dry skin like mine
this cleanser though i cold not st
underneath my nose completely dry
my skin is normal/dry
i found that it was really drying out my combination skin
i found this cleanser a bit too drying for my skin
i would not recommend it for someone with very dry skin
my face was so dry within an hour of use
my face was aged because of the dryness.
think pretty much any oil-based cleanser should be removed with a wet washcloth
its good if you have super dry skin
it seems to go a long way,and dry quickly.
in my dry spots
after putting this on it's still dry
probably works for dry
my face continuously felt dry thru the day which was irritating my skin
it has this sort of cooling feeling when applied that made the spots where i have some adult acne burn--
it makes my face feels supper dry even in summer.
this was made my skin too oily with the socal weather
my skin is not usually dry or oily
use it during the winter season if my skin gets too dry
the bad part is it doesn't moisturize well with my dry skin especially my nose
i think my nose is the driest part on my face
20's to dried out i my 30's
it just made it look dry
drys my dry spots even more
i don't recommend for dry skin.
which is great for my dry skin
if i just wanted moisture
i tend to get super dry in the winter
i started developing dry flaky spots after just 5 or 6 uses
this is too drying for my skin.
i hate the scent it has and it was very drying.
so weird but this oil dried out my skin.
which worked great with my dry skin
however i was feeling a little dry
my skin is drier than ever
it is not drying at all
other parts of my face are starting to feel dry
sticking it into a wet container just seems unsanitary to me
my skin felt so dry
very drying and doesn't help acne.
it was very drying for me
not dry skin like mine
this was super drying to my dry skin.
although it left my face too tight and dry after.
for my dry winter skin i need more moisture
i will say that it didn't dry out my already dry skin
left my combination oily/dry/delicate skin extremely dry
way too drying for my combination skin.
the smell is so mild
did not dry out my skin
this left dry patches around my mouth
it was too drying.
begins to dry out my cheek areas
it left my skin feeling dry
it made my skin feel too dry
didn't dry out my skin
my skin was dry
it dried my skin out and gave me breakouts.
unfortunately it left my skin dry
i don't know how an oil can leave skin drier
it even accentuated my wrinkles since my skin was so dry
after a week my skin felt dry, tight and rough.
this product makes my skin dry
if i go more than 3 days without using a moisturizer on top of it i get dry patches
it dried my skin out so bad
my skin feels tight, dry, and irritated.
this unfortunately was too drying for me
it ended up drying my sensitive skin
found the cleanser to be very drying.
although it cleans my dry skin nicely the sixth ingredient listed is corn starch
this cleanser just made my skin extra dry
i recommend this cleanser especially for dry skin
it dried out my skin somewhat
i got it primarily because of the winter dryness i tend to get
when it dries it gets flaky- i returned this one!
leaves that wet feeling on face afterwards
it made my under eye are even drier than it was
with the cold iron i would expect instnt results
afterwards: your face is as dry as a cotton ball
my skin was so dry
as i was rinsing my face it felt so uncomfortably dry
not dry in a squeaky-clean sense
the kind of dry feeling a bar soap would give
this dryness is felt even when the skin is wet rinsing it off
dried out my skin
all i can see is dry patches
this product just didn't suit my sensitive dry skin
i want products that are going to somewhat be drying due to acne
it just made my skin very dry
did nothing for my skin except completely dry it out
am not prone to dry patches
it felt sticky once dry
do not recommend for gals with normal to dry skin
it didn't make my face not dry
my skin is very dry
it seems to have a drying effect on my oily
this product is not for my skin type which is dry
i noticed my skin was getting a few dry patches
it dries pretty quickly
it is an okay product for dry skin
not for my dry skinfeels
the result: my skin looked dull and dry.
it made my skin feel so dry
my skin felt really dry
this did not dry me out.
doesn't dry before you wash it off
my dry skin folks
my skin is dry
dry even after rinsing my eyes out for several minutes
i tried the product on my normally dry/sensitive skin after buying it as a sample
it dried out my skin even more
it was still sticky
a little bit dried out
i would rather it be dry than oily
it wasn't too drying
my face was left hot
it left dry patches on my normally oily skin.
after using i have dry patches on my face.
it makes my skin so dry-like large patches of dry skin
this cleanser made the area around my mouth extremely dry
my skin was still very dry
after i use it my skin feels really dry
this one really dried my skin out
it dried me out so bad.
i started experiencing a lot of dry scaly flakes on my skin that i did not have prior to using this
very sudsy in hot shower
average to no suds with cool water
it drys my already dry skin out so much to the point we're my nose starts peeling
i don't know weather i'll buy this
left my skin very dry
after using on my normal/dry skin
after just a couple days of use my skin became so dry that lotions stung
make my under eye area dry
it dried out my eye area.
my eye area does not get dry
it was so drying
in fact it dries them out
it looks very dry
it is really drying now
dry out my skin
it made my skin very dry
my skin is fairly dry
great for warmer weather
the air becomes more dry
even so this dried out my skin terribly
for dry skin or combination skin: beware
my skin is so dry
i like this for about a weekuntil i started getting dry patches all over chin
i rarely have products dry out my face
smelled amazing however after using this for only 3 days my skin was completely dry
my skin dried out so bad.
i would not recommend this for people with sensitive/dry skin
by the third or use i noticed my skin was somewhat dry--
it really dried out the sensitive skin around my mouth
it has left my whole face incredibly dry
this was kind of strange to use because you put it on your face dry
left my skin feeling dry
it dried my skin out so bad
this made my skin so dry.
it dried my skin out
unfortunately the cleanser dried my face out more than it was before
my face actually became flakey with dry skin.
it actually dried up my skin
paper its very dry
this made my skin so dry!
it was still dry
the major problem is it left your skin super dry after wash
the dryness feel has a delay about half a mountie
it dried my face out
i could see little dry stops that usually never happen with my normal cleanser
the smell is very nice, but it dried my skin out
there was no dry, tight skin.
dry not to mention super red
caused breakouts and drying at the same time.
only some dry areas around my tzone
i've noticed that it makes my skin even drier after use
my skin had never been that dry.
this product made my skin extremely dry
this product dried out my skin.
but it's drying me out.
made the redness on my face drier than normal.
id good for someone who have combo to dry skin
this gave me dry scaly patches around my eyes
the moisture is okay
however, no good for my dry wrinkle!
my under eyes are bone dry by mid-day
i've even developed a strange dry patch in the corner of one eye
i've noticed after a couple of months that i get the flaky dry patches of skin on my face after about 8-10 hours of wear -- not sure if it is the climate
or the combination of products with the weather
i found for winter it just didnt hydrate enough
was left with a tight feeling of dryness even with a serum underneath
i don't have dry patches or flaky skin
it leaves my face feeling dry
my face was very dry
did help with dry h
i love the idea of oils- my skin tends to be very dry
didn't leave my skin dry
it also left my skin feeling really dried out.
it caused my skin to become very dry.
maybe this works for people with dry
the weather was hot and very dry.
my skin is super dry --- like
yet dry sensation on the skin
however, i found this product to be very drying.
also felt a bit dry after washing it.
this made my dry-combo face break out.
dries out my skin
made my skin super dry
i felt that this product was too drying
with dry patches on my cheeks
with the winter weather though
i normally have combo-to-dry skin
however it does moisture and has spf 22 i believe
it was just too drying/abrasive for me for daily use
i don't think dry format is for me.
it made my face dry - even the oily t-zone.
dried my skin out
drying at the same time
this made my nose really dry.
i now have normal/dry skin.
as it gets warmer
i've used hope in a jar dry for quite some time now
leaves patches that are still dry/flaky
i lived on hope in a jar dry.
it leaves my skin super dried out and tight.
i've used hope in a jar sensitive/dry for years
this is definitely not an option for my dry
my skin seemed more oily throughout the day when i used it
i loved the original hope in jar for dry skin
as other reviewers had noted it seems to dry your skin out instead of putting moisture back in
my skin is parched within minutes after application
i find it drying actually.
i just ran out of my hope in a jar for dry skin
my skin feels dry
always went back to hope in a jar for dry skin
this is definitely not the same as the old hope in a jar for dry skin
unfortunately they discontinued hope in a jar dry skin formula
seems like it would benefit my sometimes dry skin
got this for my dry eye spots.
now i know to go for lighter creams instead even for my dry skin
besides that, the balm is thick and sort of dry.
eyes look somewhat dry with makeup on.
the first time i used this eye cream it made my eyelids really hot
for my dry eye area it didn't to much.
it made the skin around the eye area warm
i am 40 with dry skin
my skin started to dry up
especially as it turns colder
i've always found it so thick
my skin is on the dry side
i ruined my expensive bottle by leaving it in a hot car
it also seemed to dry out my skin.
letting it dry longer before applying makeup
i don't even use it without makeup because i live in a very warm place
which always feel dry
it leaves my skin feeling really dry
the hot humid weather would be perfect to test this with
i found if i used too little it made me very dry
this was almost too drying
i also do not think the product is very moisturizing as i would still have some dry patches around my nose
i wanted one for dry skin
nose was really dried out
this product did nothing except perhaps dry my eye area up
do not dry your skin
mt skin is so dry.
especially with warm weather
this moisturizer did very little for my dry patches
for very dry skin it doesn't do much
i would definitely recommend this for dry/combination skin
got this as a sample since it gets pretty windy/cold
i don't have acne/bumpy skin normally
i used this while in hot
unfortunately that was not the case it made my dry patches red
the dry patches would not let
i live in a dry climate to begin with
if u have dry skin this will be too drying.
my skin just felt so dry after using this
this made my face extremely dry
very foamy doesn't dry out my face
it left my skin feeling beyond dry
left my face feeling super dry after just one use
i could only imagine what it does to dry skin!
this past winter left my skin drier than usual
it was also drying on my skin so this was a fail for me
sometimes my skin would feel tight/dry even after putting it on
i needed a moisturizer that would help hydrate the super dry/tight areas of my oily/combination
it said its for extra dry skin
i've tried many moisturizers because my skin is so dry
i wouldn't consider it to be for dry skin
i get a lot of dry patches
this dried out my skin
aqua bomb does not provide enough moisture for my dry skin
even in warm weather
my face felt sticky and tight.
after an hour, the dry patches were visible.
it's better have my natural oil on my skin then having alcohol to dry my skin out
this is not for dry skin
my flakes are still there once its soaked in
i still feel that dry tight feeling
however if you have dry
now i only use this on my neck or dry spots on my nose
i learned quickly that i have a dry under eye area
i've never had to wait for a mask to dry
you got to wet the mask again once its dry.
it also dried out my skin.
which i consider drying
i naturally have dry skin in need of moisture
in fact i almost felt like it left it drier than when i just used my regular moisturizer
i live in a very dry climate
still found my eyes to get dry
it dried out the skin under my eyes severely.
the skin under my eyes was extremely dry
it did nothing for moisture :
because my face isn't parched
other than that it's nice for a day moisturizer for my dry skin
way too thick for florida summers .
with that pulling sensation that comes with dryness
also don't add fuel to the fire/dry out my skin even more
my skin is extremely dry
it dried my skin out.
my skin has never been so dry
it dried out my skin
it can be a little drying
it says to use it on dry skin which i did
dried my skin out a little
also not dry me out entirely
after about 3 days of using it am/pm it made my skin unbearably dry
after a few days of using this product i noticed my skin became very dry
it also was quite drying on my already dry skin
maybe a little dry in some areas sometimes
i tried it on dry
the dry areas are still dry
makes my skin appear dry as it accentuates lines
it left my skin feeling dry.
it makes my normal skin feel dry
it also clings to every little dry spot
dry spots whatsoever who are using it for its mattifying effect
i think this is a great option for normal-oily skin types only if you apply to dry skin
after washing my face + drying it off
my skin feels much drier
it is really drying
accentuates any dry areas/lines that you may have
after being in the sun
i err towards drier skin
which is a major bonus in hot weather
dry skin on my face after application
first, this is not for dry skin.
i myself do not have extremely dry skin
formula is way too thick.
feeling a little bit dry
since my face has been getting very dry
irritated from the dry winter air
harsh chemicals -- both of which irritated my dry sensitive skin
because i have very dry skin
i think my skin might be too dry for it
at least for my dry skin
it dried out my skin severely
like all the moisture in my skin was stripped
it was so tight on my skin
left it looking dry
it doesn't get hot but it does get a little warm.
it felt like spreading dry-feeling
warm feeling to it when i use it to wash my face
still drying on my skin
i found it really dried out my skin
i find it a little drying for my skin
this product dried out my skin
after using for a week my face was very dry
would be great for someone with dry skin
skin felt dry about 10 min of applying.
feels good going on my dry skin
although this mask was cool to try out
think this would probably be a great product for people with severely dry skin
my entire jawline was dry
it was very tight and dried me out.
since the description of skin types includes dry skin
however on my very dry skin
that did help to soothe the tightness while i then began rinsing with warm water
after it dries, you see small holes on the mask.
it doesn't dry out your skin
it tightens (in a bad way) and dries my skin off.
its was way too drying for my skin
i would not recommanded for dry skin.
one bonus is that it doesn't dry out my skin badly
dry out all my skin
found it to be a little too harsh for my dry
- doesn't excessively dry skin
it did nothing to clear up my pores or dry up the pimples i had
will not give you that dried out or tight feeling that other purifying masks will
use it sparely in your dry patch areas is my recommendation
only if i get super dry skin
on the dry side
woke up find dry
this is just too drying for me
made my dry patches worse
it dried out my skin
that can lean dry based on the treatments i use
tend to like to use oils on drier days
this one was too thick for me
drier skin as it does feel quite thick
unfortunately it did not penetrate my dry
figured since my skin is somewhat dry
i immediately felt huge dry patches on my cheeks
it actually dried my face out
some mornings it left my cheeks with dry patches
will leave your vision foggy because of the oil
i am 48 with dry
my skin feels extra dry
cold water leaves a film
i imagine this would be great for very dry skin types
they would leave a dry clean feeling where it controls the oils on my face
it did sap my dry skin of moisture
i don't recommend this for dry or mature skin
it made my face too tight and dry.
my sensitive and dry skin said no way though.
my skin is normal to dry
turns into an oil upon contact with dry skin
you should wait 10-15 minutes for it to dry before putting on makeup
i would only recommend this possibly as a regular cleanser for someone with dry
for my very dry skin
little dried area around
after a short period of time my under eye skin felt dry again
it would be better in a humid climate.
fall i find my eye skin feels dry
i noticed dry spots too and it smells bad.
s or it gets dry
apply to skin when your face is dry though
if anything it just dried out my skin.
using this during a dry spell for my skin just isn't working for me
if you try it on dry skin however you end up getting tons of product on your face
apply this to a wet face
i now apply to my dry face
it becomes so wet that it grows mushy after one use
pat dried it after use
makes it dry quickly
it's drying your skin out in the process
when i'm done my skin is just as thirsty as before i've applied it
i am not dry so of course this does not dry me out
and i don't even have dry skin.
product dried out my skin
thanks to this i got to experience what severe oily skin feels like
dry patches started to appear.
it made my skin so dry!!
only downfall is that it made my face hot
kinda dry in spots
another minus was that this mask really dried out my skin
also my skin felt pretty dry
how drying this is to my normal/dry skin
takes about 10-15 mins to dry completely.
leave my face very dry
and of course, i'm all about dew.
made my skin feel dry
as the last one would dry up
this product made my skin very dry
it's very dry going on--it comes out in little balls
may work for someone with drier skin
with some dry patches
it fixed a pretty bad dry patch on my nose after being paired with my first aid beauty moisturizer
this was so sticky
after applying my skin was a bit sticky until it fully dried
my skin is usually pretty dry
it did hydrate the dry parts of my combination skin which was good
it would stay wet longer
which will dry out your skin
a thin strip down the center of my forehead during dry weather
however it has a very cotton-y smell like the deep south because of its cottonseed oil base
this product does moisturize my dry skin issues i'm having since it is winter
neither my dry lines seems to go away as well.
dry if you were to touch it with your h
it leaves your face feeling dry
some uneven skin tone/redness secondary to dry areas
or the small blemishes from dry patches
it also became very dry
i do not have dry skin at all
while it did "ok" on my dry skin
using these products made my skin even more dry
whereas i have dry/combination skin
all it did was make my face even more dry
like that it worked more like a dry oil
it also did not give me the hydration i needed for the current dry fall weather
my skin isn't very dry
it works for my dry areas better that way.
in term of actual changes to dry skin
once it absorbed in my skin my skin became very dry
not red or dry
more on my dry areas
as it didn't add as much hydration as my dry skin needs
also this product gave me several dry patches on my face which i've never had in my life
i felt dry during the day
actually made my dry skin drier
in the morning my skin feels really dry
i put it away when the weather got cold
my skin dried up
dont feel that dry
not really enough for my dry skin
it feels sticky on my face in summer!
my skin still feeling very dry
it was still sticky
my face has dried up so much because of it i get flaky patches
i would have to wait more than 20 minutes for my face to dry
some parts wouldn't even dry at all
not really too dry or sinsitive
after about a week of using this i got a small dry patch around my nose
the way it dries
they said it was for dry skin.
perfect for the warmer weather outside
some dry patches too
this is not a cooling night cream
so many visible dry patches.
it felt too sticky
suffer from a really dehydrated eye area
dry my under eye skin looked
for my dry skin this did not do the trick
skin around my eyes was dry
i found it to be the opposite-very drying.
it might work on the dryness a bit since it's winter now
around the eyes is very dry
my eyes have been feeling dry after using this eye balm for 2 weeks
made the skin below my eyes dry
however when it dries it peels off
i feel like my skin got more dry by then end of the day
i do tend to wake up in the morning with my skin feeling a little dry
my skin still feels quite dry.
it did nothing for my skin, my skin is very dry.
drys your skin so badly.
the mask was dried out.
doesn't dry it out like most masks
the masks dry quickly
everyone of them dried my skin out so bad
definitely stay away from it if you have sensitive of dry skin
dried out my skin to the point where my face felt tight
left it feeling overly dry
it leaves my face a little dry after using
it will dry out your skin.
very sticky and does nothing for my dry skin.
pads were too dry
this will help retain your skin's moisture if your face tends to be dry after showers though
kept it cold in the fridge
my cheeks became more sensitive to getting red from temperature changes
my skin felt dry
i am fifty and on dry side.
running under warm water
used it for a week during the dry
increased moisture in my skin in the mornings
however once the weather became more humid
this was very drying
it clogged my pores pretty badly.
the product dries very sticky
isn't heavy enough for combination or dry skin
it soaked in very quickly
not enough to make my parched skin happy
it doesn't dry out my dry skin
bought this for my extremely dry
the winter is drying my skin out badly
dried out my skin
i only use this as a last ditch effort if my skin feels dry in the morning
lately my skin has been pretty dry
this mask did not deliver any moisture for my dry skin at all
due to recent humid weather
i do think this product would work better on dry skin
when it drys it becomes all dry n crummy
it might work for some people with dry skin
it has helped my dry skin around my nose
i applied it to a clean dry face
after a couple days of using it i noticed i was getting dry patches on my skin as well
its hard for a moisturizer to feel "heavy" on my often-times dry skin
this cream was way too thick
replenish my sometimes dry-prone skin
i don't like how it makes my skin look dry after application
makes my concealer dry up under my eyes
i wanted this for the drier areas of my face
err more on the dry side
while it did help my dry skin
it dries my skin like anything i've tried before
just terrible for dry skin.
this bar was very drying on my skin
this soap is very drying for my skin to the point you can see the dead white skin on my arms
it leaves me with a very dry patchy skin
the more my skin dries out
the dryness has mostly gone away
it left my skin very dry
i noticed a bit too late that this contains coconut oil
dry up without drying up my skin
i found the oil to be too heavy for my skin
kept my skin hydrated in the driest of climates
just continues to remain slippery
it became very dry
lately more so dry
cause a dry spot in my nose to get worse
left my under-eye area dry
it did add moisture to my under eye area
i don't struggle with dryness there
hence the tightening "dry" feeling some reviewers are citing
the eye cream left my under eyes dry
didn't have the dry feeling
makes me think something in cream was drying out my skin
i am super dry skin
too dry, too bad.
it leaves your skin feeling dry
probably better for normal or oily skin as this made my skin super dry
it doesn't provide enough moisture to my very dry skin
did nothing for my dry skin
my skin still felt dry & tight.
after seconds it felt very very dry
i got it with high hopes that it would help my dry skin in this dry arizona weather
immediately washed my face which felt super dry
leaves my already dry skin even more dry
does not have sun protection for a day cream
i noticed my skin became very dry
my skin was also dry and stripped of moisture.
it made my face feel uncomfortably hot
my dry/combo skin too tight
it was a good product, but it dried my face.
seems more of a fit for dry skin
doesn't leave my face tight or dry
after drying my face
my dry patches were almost gone
my dry patches are gone after 3 weeks of use
around my nose are so dry
however it has made my skin under my eyes so dry
the caudalie leaves my skin still looking dry
not so good on dark sports or sun spots
it may be good for light sun spots
the sun these days is unforgiving :
overall all it did was dry my skin very badly
sadly this product caused me to have terribly dry irritated skin all throughout my forehead
did dry my skin out plus it says you should use this everyday
i would probably suggest this one for normal to normal dry skin type
applied it to dry skin
after patting my face dry my skin is dry
kind of made my face super dry
i found it felt oily and left my skin really dry.
still my face felt so dry
this product dried me out
it also dried out my h
i returned this cleanser because it was way too drying
this left my skin very dry
not even having it for a month it left my face so dry
after one use my face is as dry as a desert with the texture of s
it's so drying that i have to return it
it didn't dry out my skin
it was way to harsh on my skin
it dried out my face like crazy
this product is too drying.
the first week i started to use it all it did was leave dry patches on my skin
my skin had never felt more dry
then it started to dry my skin out i started to have dry white spots on my cheeks
enjoys it it didn't dry out his skin
it just dried out my skin
this makes my face so dry i keep breaking every day
my face felt so dry
this product really dried out my skin
it actually dried out my skin
can be a bit drying
especially if you tend to have dry skin
it was drying my face
this cleanser stripped it to being very dry
dried out after applying
on clean, dry skin.
dry to normal and sensitive skin.
i would use a hot
first, it made my skin feel really tight and dry.
i still have dry
my skin is dry
dry after the lotion dries on my face
i needed a cleanser for dry skin that also brightens
it didn't dry out my skin
the face feels dry.
