don't waste your money.
your skin feels great because of this harsh fake chemical
didn't help on my rosacea either
this just seems to make it more oily
: giving it 2 stars bc it's somewhat cooling
it just seemed to clog all of my pores.
takes it's time bonding
don't bother, other creams are better.
it's way too sticky for me
thankfully i applied it at night
maybe its good for super hyper mega oil skin type
results in the morning did not produce oily skin or breakouts
don't mind the sticky feeling this might be for you
it is way too sticky
doesn't sink into my skin
doesn't seem to soak in
i would not recommend for oily or combination skin
now my face is super sticky
it doesn't soak in.
i didn't feel or see relief from redness.
the smell is not great but doesn't linger around.
doesn't sink into the skin that much
it might be good for someone with dryer skin
as long as i remembered to put it on every morning i didn't get the usual flaky patches i tend to get on my cheeks
i sometimes get irritated
i wish it would not leave a sticky feeling on my skin
my skin is super-sensitive so maybe it's just me
for some reason it like dried out my face which is irony because it's oil?
you need to use a lot or it doesn't peel off
i don't like how it feels like i'm putting perfume on my face :/
i really love the consistency of this product- it's light-weighted
the only cool thing i'll give is that it's a mask you can peel
the ingredient deck didn't thrill nor make me weary of the product
'm in the middle because it's a cool mask
it's a super cool looking mask when you put it on
it doesn't really do much than make your face smell like a piña colada
yes your skin is more toned
i didn't see any benefits to using this mask other than it looks cool
there's a weird satisfaction in pulling masks off of your face
it's didnt make my skin feel firmer
because sometimes girls may think their face feels form
it doesn't even smell like pleasant fake sunscreen or something
my skin didn't feel firmer or nothing.
it's hard to peel off unless you put on a lot
it's fun but too expensive.
i think it's too expensive
it's my suggestion to get a tester before you purchase
that doesn't last once it's removed
what's great about this particular peel off mask is that you don't have to glob it on to make a thick layer in order for it to peel off easily
the regular peel off masks hurt your skin- this one does not
as far as the results from this product i will say it is similar to other peel off masks in that it pulls the gunk out of your pores
i can taste the chemicals after it's set in
it is novel not because it's a peel-off mask
the mask doesn't set properly to peel off
i do like the mask
it's one of the most fun masks on the market.
firmer it's actually not good for the skin
it leaves a weird flaky layer that interferes with makeup application
i kind of felt like this was just a fancy alone vera gel
i want a product for dark circles
i don't think that it helped much with puffiness
there's zero scents which may be good for people with sensitive skin
it didn't irritate my skins
it also doesn't seem to soak in all the way
think it's the culprit
i can't use fab ultra repair cream either
it goes on kinda sticky.
it did feel sticky/tacky when dried
i probably wouldn't buy a full bottle because of the pilling
didn't offer any hydration in my opinion- instead left a tacky film residue on my face
it didn't cause any extra breakouts
when i like lighter serums anyway
it does not help with moisture or skin texture.
i didn't like the gel texture
my skin doesn't like using too heavy of products
this feels so sticky on my face it's uncomfortable
it's great to use to clean your makeup brushes with
i tried using it multiple times without make up to be sure this product was in fact causing my skin to feel oily
maybe if you're a person who has ridiculously dry skin this will work for you
the small annoying pimples it gives me is frustrating
it's made me break out in all the spots except the crows lines
if it just left my skin tacky
it is sooooo sticky
don't waste your money on this one
it's a trend product with no substance in my opinion
i find that i have to powder it down otherwise my undereyes area looks greasy
it's annoying when you're rushing
it's not very de puffing
the so called ball on the end is gimmicky
i do notice that it doesn't crease as bad after using this eye cream
i noticed that days when i didn't wear any eye makeup
i wouldn't recommend this without makeup for those of us with really bad dark circles/eye bags
but it's weird only the sample works on me.
doesn't cause acne problems
it doesn't ever seem to sink into the skin
you don't get a lot of product in this tube.
you're not supposed to use retinol during the day because of its reaction with sunlight
this product makes it look like i have a black eye
for the price, it's an okay eye cream.
doesn't depuff or help with dark circles.
some eye creams the price makes you cry.
personally i don't see any brightening or de puffing
seems to moisturize but not much else.
this cream doesn't not have a smell so that's nice
it definitely did not lighten or take the puffiness out of my under eyes
it doesn't do much for my dry skin
i've used 2 tubes of this stuff
occasionally need something for tired eyes
it's too heavy and just sits on top.
it didn't sting my eye or caused sensitivity
did not like how shiny it made my skin look
one thing that annoys me a lot is that the applicator doesn't glide on as smooth as i would like it
it's not even high enough spf to keep it as a sunscreen
it made my skin break out horribly.
this says it's a cream
it leaves a shiny oily feeling on my skin even if i use just a little
i bet for people who don't have as acne-prone skin as mine would like it a lot
it'll make your face slick
if i don't blot often
i am guessing it would make anyone with normal/oily skin break out too
didn't really soak in to my skin
i don't break out often
it seems to take alot of cream for coverage
it's a bit too thick
it's fine for the winter
thankfully though, it doesn't sting.
it is a bit greasy in my opinion.
it's not cheap stuff though
it isn't good to layer makeup over it.
i do not remember it containing meadowsweet
this not only irritated my sense of smell
don't like the smell of this
scent is not bad, not too overpowering.
feel it's a bit heavy for my combination skin
i usually love murad products
doesn't last long as it rubs off easily
this cream leaves my eye area even more wrinkle!
the pads are a joke.
i can say that it seems like you have to use a lot of the product to get the thick pads to stay on your eye area
the pads are a joke- the product doesn't tingle
using the pads doesn't make the product do
i don't think of someone with a tiny face
hope it's one of those products that justs need time
it tingles in a bad way when you apply it
you might as well flush your money down the toilet if you're considering buying this
less there's some miracle
it seems to do nothing to my expression lines
it didn't even improve my skin texture.
it reminds me of the numbing cream they give you when you get fillers
don't waste your money.
this product does make things look good when you brush it on
yes it does plump you up
got a decent sized sample was using religiously on frown line
don't waste your money.
i still found it to be greasy
it didn't absorb into my skin at all
i don't have a bunch of wrinkles
didn't change the texture or tone at all
don't waste your money!
the pros-it didn't irritate my skin
if you look for natural ingredients in your skin care products this isn't for you
it's like a weird aerosol that comes out slightly foamy
i don't love the spray bottle either
not loving having to spray it onto my h
my face did become a little oily post application
the spray system is weird
won't remove all your makeup --
it's taken only 1 week for that weird dry/lcogged effect to go away
it's just a basic foaming cleanser that you could get at the drugstore
giving it 2 stars cause at least it didn't irritate my super sensitive skin
it's good for a cleanser
it's too expensive to just be a cleanser
i didn't like the product i have combination skin specially dry lately well this didn't help
it's just a foaming face wash.
i usually only have occasional pms breakouts
my skin still isn't the way i'm used to
still manages to get a good foaming action
it doesn't get makeup off or really do much more than my aha/bha face wash
unfortunately i feel like this product caused my face to become shiny
it only foams once you try to get it off your skin
it's strange because i have
i even moisturized more, still didn't help.
i wouldn't recommend this for anyone that doesn't have extremely oily skin
might be better to use on a day that you want a deep cleanse for your skin
didn't help clear my acne prone skin at all
it felt more like it was clogging my pores
nearly impossible to get anything to come out of the rollerball
when you do you are out of the patches
the patches aren't anything special either.
don't waste your money
i did not sleep with eye patches.
i think 1 hour is enough to melt.
even the eye patches are worthless
i don't suggest using this moisturizer if you plan on wearing make-up
the moisturizer doesn't fully absorb into the skin which results in it balling up if you put anything overtop of it
it's a good, no frills moisturizer.
didn't irritate my skin
flakes ruining anything you put on
doesn't seem to sink in just seems to clump together on my face
doesn't moisture at all
while the absorption isn't necessarily poor
i also didn't notice a glow or diminish of fine lines which is what sold me with this product
i usually like josie maran products
in fact i think it leaves a residue on my skin
like this moisturizer as it doesn't irritate my skin at all
i may just switch to using it for a night cream if i can find a different day moisturizer that my skin can tolerate
the only downside is that it makes me super oily within 30 mins i look so oily
i just couldn't get past the awful smell!
if i'm going to rub s
dry skin when it's suppose to give a glow
if you like scrubbing your face
i can't describe the feeling or smell
letting it sit there without any benefits of the lotion
this stiuff is simply overpriced for something easy to whip up in your own kitchen
which is exactly like the homemade mask i make with sugar
i don't like the texture of this as a scrub
it does not exfoliate enough for me
one just for being convenient for when you don't want to use another product to exfoliate your face
it's drying so only use maybe 3 times a week in the morning
or if i wear makeup as it does get all the paint off
i am not a fan of this refreshing cleanser--it also leaves a weird tight residue on my skin that i feel like i need to wash off again as soon as i towel off from cleansing
not many can make my skin clean enough to avoid breakouts
it's a bit rough on the eye area
so try to avoid that or else you'll get the stinging
it's not as "refreshing" as the product name implies
didn't give my skin that uber clean feeling either
this isn't too bad.
still occasionally got breakouts
i don't see any improvement in my pores
it didn't have the hard texture usually characteristic of a charcoal mask
i just don't want a smelly product in my collection
i can't get the scent right
it's like this product settled into my pores
only used this on oily areas like my t-zone
the actual texture of the mask is really easy to apply
just wastes my time and smells weird.
the smell bothered me
it's just like a cream that doesn't absorb into the skin
even after 8 hours of wear it was still tacky to the touch
maybe you can use it as a lotion
one positive is that it did not make me oily.
my skin didn't look any more "glowy" than simply using moisturizer by itself
doesn't seem like shimmer at all
did nothing of note- it's also rather thick
fix the waste issue and it's a 5 star product.
not fond of the smell either.
didn't seem to soak into my skin as well
it didn't make me break out or leave my skin oily or dry or anything bad
i don't really notice a difference in my skin except it caused blemishes to r
it's cloying and just plain irritating.
perhaps there's an ingredient in there that my skin didnt like
is not "ridiculously glowy"my skin still looks the same except it's not as smooth
it just felt tacky
i am giving it 2 stars because it did make my pores basically invisible everywhere
their packaging is so cute
doesn't really absorb into my lips by rather makes them feel dry soon after
this stuff smells nasty if you put too much on
the packaging are both silly
one star off for the applicator - it's awkward.
i would give this more stars if it wasn't for the rollerball packaging
goes on patchy because it's a rollerball
if it wasn't for that it's hydrating
has great ingredients so please make this in a pump or dropper
not a fan of the rollerball applicator- i dont feel like enough oil comes out for me
it's just another oil.
it doesn't absorb into my skin at all.
it made me so greasy
it's a nice oil, but nothing earth-shattering.
for the amount you're getting
get yourself enough equivalent product
it only comes in a rollerball apparently
already have oily skin on my face so didn't try that
only 3 stars since a rollerball doesn't mean i will be buying for use as an all over body oil
you don't mind looking oily
doesn't seem to actually help with puffiness
not a skin care product
overall there's nothing bad about this
it doesn't smell nice
there's a chemical smell from whatever is making this into a gel
could imagine oily skin types would hate it too
since it's not a liquid
i can't imagine using it regularly
it's not at all cooling.
it feels like a thick sticky mask no matter how little you put on or how much you rub it in
it's not a primer or a moisturizer.
it's has no use.
it doesn't sink in
it doesn't glide well
now i have to deal with super sticky skin until i wash my face for the night
maybe rhis could be a good makeup primer cause of how sticky it is lol
feels like if you put cooling menthol chap stick under your eyes
i didn't feel like it cooled my face or under eyes at all
all it did was make my face feel sticky
rather than a jar that's easy to contaminate
this feels like putting deoderant on your face haha
it's refreshing if you put it in the fridge
the smell lingers for quite some time
the feeling doesn't last long on your skin
tacky feeling actually makes my undereye area secret more oil throughout the day
all it does is makes your face sticky for half
kinda just leaves a weird residue on it
you can't use it as a primer because its too sticky
it doesn't really de-puff your face
i didn't notice a bad smell or a cooling sensation
maybe my eyes are just not able to be de-puffed haha
it's an okay product!
i do notice a weird smell from it.
i think it's a cool product
the smell after less than 5 min is awful on your skin
i don't mean "it smells like a type of flower i don't like" bad
i wouldn't use it on a regular basis bc it smells like glue
i know you can use your fingers or applicator
that makes it impossible for a quick refresh at work without having to touch your face
it feels almost watery when you apply it
apparently if you stick it in the fridge
it's not sticky which is nice
can't bring it unless i check my bag
i don't see what the purpose of this product is other than giving you a cooling sensation--which really only lasts during the application while it's touching your skin
it's not a moisturizer -- what is it?
the i hate that sticky feel
not just little pimples
it smells kind of like bad breath
you can't smell it on the stick itself.
forget trying to layer makeup on over it.
why does this product peel off??
lately it does not provide enough moisture for my skin
i don't even like the smell
it didn't do anything just sat on the face not even moisturizing
which in my case does not do as well as physical sunblock
i don't really think it did much for my skin in terms of pores or blemishes
this stuff made me more oily and broke me out.
its actually kind of thick
wrinkles scare me more
everyone's skin is different
this didn't agitate my skin
my skin would get so greasy
sometimes when i applied it to flaky skin i felt that i couldn't put enough on because it wouldn't really moisturize that well
it's just an average lotion.
doesn't improve my skin at all, like it claims.
did not "perfect" my skin which is acne prone
if you apply too much it sits on your skin without absorbing
i wouldn't say this is a miracle face lotion.
it's not skin perfecting
it didn't seem to help with redness or blemishes either
nasty i hated this product i wouldn't recommend this product either
i do believe it made me a little less oily
it did nothing to even my skin tone or minimize my pores
there's nothing special in it
i didn't see any difference in the effect of any facial when i used this primer
it's just water with tingling effect.
apparently it's supposed to help masks spread easier?
i even tried this with origin face masks thinking
t doesn't irritate my skin
it didn't make a difference in mask application or rinsing
you may as well spray water on your face.
this seems a bit gimmicky
this is just wishful thinking
the spray does not all distri
other times it's just the chin
it's not making the product come out evenly
this spray is, to me, pointless.
it won't harm the skin
i don't know if there's something in it that my skin does not like or if it's bad for dry sensitive skin
i don't think it's necessary to make the mask effective
but this is just silly.
i usually don't use a primer before i put on my face masks
this product unfortunately is pure gimmick.
its just a glorified toner, really.
i knew this item was gimmicky
i can't notice any benefits from using this before a mask except hydration
the spray does not mist as one would expect
it did nothing with my charcoal mask
it's just 1 more thing to repurchase
it's a good skin cleanser.
it's really distracting and nauseating.
it feels like there is cleanser left on my face no matter how much i rinse
i don't wear makeup
i don't get blemishes or anything like that.
i also don't like the smell at all.
i can't get it to wash off my face.
this facial wash did not get any of the dirt or makeup hardly off
didn't removed my makeup
i do love how this one removes all my makeup
it just does not add any moisture to my face.
the scent in this isn't bad
it doesn't make a lather at all.
i couldn't get it to lather
i rarely get pimples
this wash didn't just give me 1 or 2 pimples it gave me about 10
this oil does not remove mascara completely
could not rinse this stuff off.
it does not leave my skin smooth
this leaves a weird film all while making my skin feel literally "squeaky" clean in a bad way
just like the moisturizer i used formula isn't the same this one does nothing for my skin waste of money
leaves your skin feeling as though you just used a cheap bar of soap
i think this would work better for someone with oily skin or skin that is not sensitive
the product didn't lather up
it didn't cause breakouts or do anything harmful for me
i don't feel like this cleanses my face.
i don't feel like my skin is clean after using it
don't feel it cleans my skin any differently from many other cleansers i have tried
not really washing off
this really isn't going to help much if you have hormonal acne
there are tiny bumps all over my face my face is not smooth anymore
i also didn't like how it did under my bare minerals powder as i felt like it made my lines
not for my combo skin
i can't use my regular face products
i don't think it's because my skin absorbs it quickly
they seem to be leaving their roots.
there are way too many unpronounceable
it's not best for oily or combination skin types
it makes my t-zone more oily
as a contact lens wearer it was even worse because the contacts themselves would dry out completely
my hair will literally get stuck to it if i do not apply makeup over
will not repurchase until the fix the formula so that it doesn't feel so greasy/sticky
sometimes my skin just tingles a little when i try new products
however it did clog my pores
need to stay moisturized so my skin doesn't overreact
it just doesn't work for oily congested skin.
it didn't soak in
greasy like i never wash my face
it made me break out in these little weird small pimples on my chin
i usually swear by korres products
how something that's supposed to go on my face can have such a heavy scent
i can't get past the smell
if the scent was more mild i would happily use it
nothing could hide the scent
i don't think it's making it dry
i love this oil because it's light weight
i can't tell if it's highly fragranced or if it's natural
i feel like the product doesn't really absorb compared to other body oils i use
step 2 didn't smooth any wrinkles
can't wear makeup over this product
maybe they created this for people who don't wear under eye concealer
my skin is so sensitive that it does give me little pimples on my neck
i can't have alot of creaminess on my face because it makes me break out i think it would work great on dry skin
it's not lightweight its actually thick.
the box read it's a great moisturizer for 20-30 something skin
this product was a little to sticky for me.
can't say it absorbs quickly either
i don't usually break out.
this is great to put under makeup because it doesn't leave skin oily or greasy
while this does moisturizer my face it does sting once it's on
honestly just clogs your skin without helping it.
does not hydrate my skin just sits on top!!!
i never usually get irritated skin from creams
find something that isn't so harsh on my skin
run out the door it's super super super patchy
if your an oily skin gal you would probably like this because it doesn't leave a creamy oil feeling behind
it's basically just silicone and water.
i mean i have mega oily skin
heard people saying it's great for oily skin types
i mean it's moisturizers like it's supposed to
doesn't help at all with keeping my oil under control
now that i'm using it it smells like rotten eggs
it made my face feel a bit sticky
but my face felt so tacky and sticky.
i don't get any hydration from this
i could see this being great for someone with oily skin
i don't think this is a bad moisturizer
want to use a product that's going to moisturize your skin long time/long term
it just wasn't enough moisture for my skin it seems
does nothing for your skin.
made it all flakey
just make sure the moisturizer you use is helping your skin rather than just adding another layer to it
can't tell if it's doing it's job because i'm oily most of the time
but it didn't reduce lines, wrinkles, or pores.
it just didn't help with puffiness or bags for me
it just didn't work to reduce my dark circles.
but not dark circles.
i couldn't get over the rancid scent
i got this oil to remove my makeup before my actual cleanser
i would only use this cleanser as a morning cleanser because it doesn't really do the trick for before bed if you do wear makeup
if you don't wear eye makeup
or don't use an oil to remove it
you'll definitely love this cleanser
it didn't do anything for my sun spots
there is a lot of product in tub
once you throw away the box you will never know what's in the creme to begin with since the ingredients are not printed on the actual tub
now that i got the packaging it of the way let's get to the product
i never get pimples
for some reason it gave me pimples on my cheeks where i rarely get them
they wouldn't make my eye circles disappear
the patches themselves have a weird shape
it's like they forgot to put the serum in.
it just does not seem to line up to seal tight.
don't have any wrinkles
cool concept that you're putting gold on your eyes
but if your wanting to get rid of fine lines.
doesn't irritate my skin
i don't really need this for fine lines or wrinkles
i didn't feel any "instant burst of cool hydration"
for $36 it's a little bit steep for a simple eye moisturizer
it does not irritate my skin at all
i don't think it performs well under makeup
doesn't allow concealer to apply or stay on in even consistency
it did seem to help with my puffiness a bit
it doesn't hydrate the eye area at all
trying to fix it with a beauty blender only makes it look worse
i figured if it wasn't moisturizing enough for my night time routine i could just layer my face cream over it
yes it does hydrate
while it does hydrate your eyes i have not seen any difference with dark circles
doesn't seem to be reducing puffiness or under eye circles
didn't do anything in terms of firmness or pores.
this is really fiddly to get out of the jar.
it's almost like jello
guess if it's super hot out i could use it to cool down that's about it
the black heads i get from the californian heat seem even more apparent now
the smell is okay- its tolerable
it doesn't smell like roses or anything pleasant that i read from other people's reviews
or if you're trying to prevent pigmentation
i also can't stand the smell.
feel of this oil sort of grosses me out
this product didn't fade any of my acne scars.
it's good if you have oily skin
or, you could try it with another moisturizer.
maybe good for combo or oily skin
i typically have to let it sink in
my face is still tacky
i didn't notice a strong smell in the jar
it's actually like a light baby pink :d not that it matters
i never ever get pimples.
the after effect of the moisurizer just looks like i have cheap glitters sprinkled all over my face
it works well with a beauty blender or your finger
if you want an intense glow you probably won't like this product
usually i don't mind smells
usually just don't use it
it left my face with a sticky feel as well.
the only thing i don't like about this product is that when i open the flip lid to use the cream highlighter
it's still too golden
i do like the smell of it
this product is great if you don't have oily skin
i didn't really like this product just because my face is already super oily
i am not a fan of using the lotion they gave because it makes my skin very oily
i look way too tan with this so unfortunately it does not look like the within glow
but using it as a cream, it's terrible.
redness you'll look even more silly with this on because it'll just add attention to it
at this moment it doesn't do me much with my redness from my acne scars
3 pimples at a time for me are lots.
i just wish these products would be shimmery as opposed to having actual glitter pieces in them
if you love glitter, you'll really dig this.
i feel like this product is a little overpriced for the small tube you get
it's very pricey and i won't repurchase .
what i didn't like is how it will peel when layering with other products
it did however leave me a bit oily by the end of that day
it doesn't take much to cover your entire face
there's a lot to love about this face cream
dewy consistency that doesn't leave your face feeling oily
tiny superficial pimples that crop up right away when something new is breaking me out
i imagine that if you have dryer skin that isn't prone to breaking out this might work
doesn't sit well under makeup
i just couldn't get past the smell of this stuff
the smell did not dissipate
i wouldn't suggest using it under makeup
not irritating when layered over other products
doesn't feel like it absorbs well
doesn't feel refreshing aside from the cool sensation you get from any gel/cream going on your face
it's an okay moisturizer
everyone's skin is different
the hydration wasn't what i would call deep
doesn't really deliver the hydration needed if you have dry skin
it's rich but not too greasy (i have oily skin).
it did absolutely nothing for the redness on my cheeks or to even out my skin
don't waste your money!
at the end of the day it's not enough to hydrate my skin
it's just that it's okay
even after you've let it dry for a good 20 mins
it was so bad that my face was becoming flaky
is not hydrating enough if you use anything that is hard on the skin
it's beyond me why they would think to call this an intensive hydration gel
i can't say that it's intense hydration
when i use this under my makeup i can really see that it's not as hydrating as it claims
or is it because of it's super quick absorption?
i asked the sephora worker to help me pick out something that wouldn't be too oily to cause my face to get pimples
it makes me look oily even under a full face of make up
doesnt have any smell or stickyness
pros: it didn't clog my pores like typical face moisturizers do
it also didn't leave that overly dewey or greasy feeling i hate from most face lotions
the gel doesn't even come out when i tried to pump it
for me it doesn't provide enough moisture
this doesn't provide enough hydration.
it is too light to the point that it doesn't even give the slightest moisture
it doesn't even give me enough hydrating.
i kind of don't want to smell like how a man can smell
i don't buy skin care often
i don't usually mind a bit of fragrance
it's too bad they changed the formula.
it's not a bad moisturizer
when you smell it out of the jar
just couldn't get over the smell
can't get over the smell
when the product actually peels off of your face
you shouldn't be able to rub your own moisturizer off
it was the only moisturizer that didn't make my skin break out
then the new formula might seem ok to my virgin skin?
while it smells ok in the jar
because it takes all the life out of your skin
it doesn't foam up
i want to see it foam
usually origins products clear my skin up
it is too gentle which almost does nothing on my skin
sometimes when it goes on it foams
then while washing the "mask" off it didn't feel like it was cleaning much
it's a odd mask i'm personally not a fan of the foaming
it didn't really foam up
this mask didn't seem to do anything for me at all except leave my skin feeling kind of tacky even after i'd washed it
i love that it's a more natural product
also this stuff smells like fruit loops, no joke.
it doesn't even foam
when you rub it in
it feels so sticky
i just can't wait to rinse it off
it's okay as a cleanser.
if you are expecting a mask that would foam
i couldn't let it foam up i had to take it off because i was so uncomfortable
it didn't brighten the skin either
everytime i tried to use this product under eye makeup it looks dry
i don't wear makeup.
this stuff seemed to absorb
then the flakiness would start
can't comment on the effectiveness of the product because i couldn't get past the odor
i did not put moisturizer on top as i am trying to find something to replace my moisturizer
i am not usually the oily type
it gets everywhere and becomes messy real quick.
i can't get past the smell to even try it on my face
no wonder it's drying.
that is so bad for your skin
i couldn't tolerate the scent
i couldn't get used to it i smelled it all day
if your sensitive at all too smell i urge you to stay away
can't get over the smell
i don't like using heavily scented things on my face
it's also, oddly enough, drying.
i think the artificial perfumes alone are enough to irritate my skin
it is so glittery that without washing my face again in the morning my dr jart bb didn't even look normal due to the glitter
i don't need to sparkle that much
doesn't even remotely smell of it
does not fade fast enough before i get nauseated
i just can't get past the scent
you don't see it once you apply a moisturizer
1 or 2 drops doesn't cut it because you can't really move the oil around
anyone needing this for age defiance won't like it because no product should be making you tug on your skin regardless of it's ingredient list
it doesn't have a bad smell
it's really strong- it's like a men's cologne smell which is weird
this shouldn't have any kind of fragrance
it's a glittery serum that doesn't do anything
i don't like putting it on my face by itself because it has a slightly sticky texture
it actually feels matte after application
i don't mind the smell
i worry about putting fragrance on my face since i have sensitive skin
the smell isn't that bad
it's difficult to get the product out.
doesn't burn when contact with eyes
it has a soapy citrus smell that i'm not too crazy about
t's heavy so you can't feel the weight of the product itself
not to mention it squirts 10ft when you pump it!
it's not an easy pump
i laugh every time it squirts in places other than where it should go
though when i wear heavy makeup
it was almost like a film on my face that made me look oily
also has a weird acidic smell that i could not get used to
it has all the ingredients that supposedly good for your skin
for my skin type
unfortunately i cant find a good cleanser for whiteheads
doesn't make my skin feel tight after washing
this product didn't make my occasional breakouts worse
i always found myself scrunching my nose at the smell of this stuff even after i used up the entire bottle
it does not remove all of my makeup unless i remove it before cleansing
the effects of this cleanser aren't life-changing for me
turns out it just needs a lot of water to lather properly
i've also noticed that while this cleanser itself doesn't seem to irritate my skin
i would recommend skipping this cleanser if you suffer from any sort of dermatitis
mascara aren't empty so that's cool
it does not glide
it does not de-puff
it goes on easy and lasts all day.
the eye liner feels a little cheap
just for everyday wear
depending how you like your lashes
it didn't do much to hydrate my under-eye area
it didn't seem to reduce puffiness or anything like that
the eyeliner was a complete dud for me
it's too heavy to wear under makeup
i don't need super moisture
which made my face feel super sticky
i just couldn't get over the texture
so my skin has been oily yet flaky at the same time
this product doesn't really absorb into the skin too well
t doesn't really moisturize it well
doesn't fade or change any discoloration.
it's so bad it gives me a headache
when i use it i feel it leaves a greasy coat on my skin that doesn't absorb
doesn't go on oily
i also don't like the smell.
this does not give a ton of moisture
this is a little bit tacky for my liking.
it is too heavy/tacky for that
it doesn't seem to clog my pores which is nice
it smells like stale cigarettes, like an old bar.
i still cannot get used to the smell!
of course everyone's skin is different
they seem quite useless
makes you look greasy4.
it did not lighten dark spots.
can't be hidden with good make up
maybe that's just my super sensitive skin
moisturizer it doesn't do much for the skin.
this product now makes me peel.
artificial smelling that it actually gives me a headache
just little bumps that change the texture of your skin
can't wait to try the juno oil top.
i couldn't get over the smell
don't recommend if you have combination skin.
this moisturizer didn't work for me
while it doesn't feel at all greasy it looks greasy
although it claims to be for all skin types it does not work for oily skin
but, i would not recommend it for oily skin.
this makes me an oil slick
doesn't irritate my skin at all
it is not too rich to break me out
nor irritating to turn my skin into a red itchy mess which i appreciate
balls up so bad if i try to wear it under makeup
new giant pimples which usually doesn't happen
it didn't help my acne or wrinkles at all
two to three drops just isn't enough to cover your whole face
the salicylic acid is going to do zero for almost anyone
when i couldn't find a new tube
it seems to leave a sticky tacky feel afterwards
does not appear greasy
as the day goes by my face gets oilier than when i use a regular moisturizer
don't leave this film on your face
maybe better for combo or oily skin.
not a good product for someone with oily/combination skin like me
it's hilarious that it tells you to apply it sparingly because it absorbs into the skin so fast that you kind of need to put a lot in order to even cover your face
it literally gives you what it's called: water
prefer thick moisturizers so this didn't work out for me
i didn't feel like it made my skin sticky like some other reviewers
like you can't spread it on your face before it's gone
it feels like you're just splashing plain water on your face
it was just like a silicone primer basically
this would probably be great for someone with oily skin since it's a lightweight moisturizer
for a "moisturizer" it's awfully drying.
i normally have oily skin so not underst
it made me feel like i put something on that zapped any ounce of natural moisture i had
this moisturizer alone doesn't help at all on its own
it kind of feels like it sits ontop of my skin without melting into it
it's good for locking in other heavy creams
it doesn't go in the skin
it doesn't feel thick or sticky i just wish it was actually hydrating because then it would be perfect
don't waste your money
my eyes are actually more creepy and seem drier.
can't attest to it's efficacy there
it's not good under makeup.
it's oil so you have to be diligent
i think if you're on the oilier side of the skin scale it may not be for you
it's ok i don't like the fact that it's in a jar i prefer pumps second i feel like it's a bit sticky i think it's ok for normal skin
wasn't enough for my aging skin
though it's winter, i have oily/combination skin.
this one is it's smelly
i always roll my eyes that bad reviews due to smell
setting spray don't seem to be doing anything when i wear this moisturizer
it does dry a bit tacky although it wasn't bothersome
i even can't use this as a moisturizer
while i don't mind a tingle
it's too pricey to keep just because it smells good
my eyelids aren't good enough, now?
too oily and the scent is wayyyy too strong.
what i did notice was flakiness
i don't want to promote wrinkles
this product does do a little de-puffing.
you don't have to touch your face with your fingers
doesn't reduce my dark circles
but love how it's easy to apply.
it is definitely cooling because it is a balm you roll under your eyes
does nothing as far as getting rid of puffiness/dark circles
it doesn't seem to moisturize the eye area at all
so basically this is the "sugar pill" of your birth control pack that doesn't really do anything
don't expect miracles out of this because this little balm only slightly moisturizes
it made my skin super oily which i wouldn't care if my fine lines didn't turn into wrinkles
it's overpriced especially because it doesn't work
it does apply sticky
it just overdries like most bar soaps do
get 'sports bra' breakouts if not careful to wash with a product like this
i do find that this takes off any remaining residue or mascara
it does get the bits of makeup off i miss with my cleanser though
by itself it's too glowy to wear on the face
still have to use a different product to moisturize since this product doesn't do the job
i can't use every morning because if under makeup
is waaaaaay too glittery
mostly just looks glittery on your face.
it's not a good moisturizer.
this could be good for people with oily or combo skin
it made me look sweaty rather than "glowy".
nor did this brighten my skin
like the fact that it's a more natural product
didn't do much for a dark spot remover.
it might work as an occasional sunblock
it didn't moisturize my skin at all either
and sadly it left it a little sticky feeling.
you splash it on
doesn't that rinse it off?
any cuts or zits on your face will sting like crazy
i don't plan to buy this again because of how oily it leaves me
you only need to use 1-2 "beads" at a time to cover your face
some of the things i try to avoid in skin care
in the jar they're sort of wet-looking
i feel it would interfere with my perfume if worn during the day
i wouldn't mind it being too sticky.
it has a very weird sticky feeling once applied to the skin that i just couldn't h
i hated applying it to my face because of how sticky it was on my fingers
it's sticky at first
make my foundation look yucky-12
finding that i am having bad makeup days
i don't even use setting powder
it doesn't do much for adding moisture either
didn't make my skin smooth
it tightens, but that's it.
i gave it only 3 stars because the areas where i need the most make-up gripping is on my oily t-zone
i will say that on my cheeks
i don't consider myself to have bad skin or big pores
i don't even get that oily during this time of the year even with my jm argan oil as a moisturizer
definitely not for oily/combination skin as the info states
for my oily spots of the face my make up did not blend
even after 5 minutes this stuff doesn't soak in
it does not actually fill-in or in anyway eliminate the lines on my forehead
not as a makeup primer
it requires you to apply a thick layer yet the amount of this product is so little
living in kentucky where it is very humid i have a very tough time not looking like you could fry on egg on my face with the amount of oil on it
this might be nice for someone out there who has oily skin
it was just as oily as it usually becomes
when blended with moisurizer it made me more greasy somehow
it turned my foundation into a gummy mess that did not apply well
i usually get very oily in my t-zone throughout the day
i usually forget to blot anyway
using it after it just moves your foundation an its a mess am very oily
im still super oily within an hour.
which doesn't really work because the product is so thick
it makes me greasy
don't waste your money on this.
about 6-7 hours into my day it doesn't help with my makeup getting oily
so, maybe my skin just doesn't like cover fx...?
when i tried it under as a primer it didn't control my oils at all
these drops didn't do a single thing for my oily skin
if anything, it made me oilier.
in the summer i just get very oily when its 100* out
i don't notice a difference on my skin
i am usually oily before i even leave the house in the morning
my theory is that if it doesn't work as a primer-straight up
it just does not reduce the need to blot with paper
i'll try it on my beauty blender when i get home to see if it removes the oil
i put a little bit of this on my beauty blender
i guess it is meant for people who are minimally shiny
it didn't do anything to stop the oiliness of my face at all
this product did not reduce shine or oil at all
i usually feel limited to which foundations i buy since many are not great for oily skin
it doesn't seem like it's suitable for daily use
still trying to find the one thing that gets rid of my extremely oily skin
i can't use near my eyes which i normally don't have issues or sensitivity when using new thing
wonder if this product isn't for those with oily skin
i don't find it sticky
by morning, there's still residue under my eyes.
i also cannot wear this underneath makeup for that reason
my concealer doesn't sit well since the cream is moving around underneath
don't waste your money.
it didn't seem to absorb at all.
it's nothing earth shattering
this brand is a hit and miss sometimes..
if it's someone at the store giving you grief
oily people may experience too much of a shine
i just can't use creamy moisturizers like this- they all break me out
it's not so bad when i'm wearing bb cream
maybe if you are super dry you'll love this.
this might be a nice step to apply after your regular moisturizer to really seal in the moisture
the mechanism that was supposed to add air to give the whipped texture didn't work
it was way too oily on my combination.
once i switched moisturizers i didn't get those breakouts anymore
it does not transform my skin
i wouldn't say it absorbs quickly
it's just whipped oil
not sure whether it is too oily for my skin.
i don't get pimples
and the lotion doesn't smell great either.
it was sadly really suffocating on my skin.
which is so odd for a moisturizer
this moisturizer didn't work for me.
it didn't penetrate my skin at all
it might work for your skin
it's a good moisturizer if you're not acne prone :
it is still to rich even for a night cream
it isn't bad stuff though — it forms your cheeks
it's back to finding a nearly non-existent moisturizer for me
i feel it's heavy on my skin
it's okay through the winter
as it's approaching spring i feel it's took heavy
i feel like it's just a moisturizer and thats it.
i did notice greasy skin
you are paying for pretty packaging with a fancy name
somehow the ingredients that are supposed to keep the oil at bay seemed to instead clog my pores
make my skin even oilier
this is a very glowy moisturizer that i could not wear alone
so you have to be careful to apply this to your cheeks
i prefer using highlighter to get there
it will emphasize any imperfections on the skin- i don't care as my skin is typically clear
can't find the receipt
i don't need any more highlighters
i expect it to be something that soaks into my skin
i can't wear it long because the smell is bad.
for some reason it doesn't sink in to my skin
while my skin does feel softer after using it the smell is revolting
really doesn't substitute for a true facial "moisturizer" at least not for dry skin
it's just an expensive cream that smells like ice cream
it is too glittery for me
alone it makes my face way too shiny
i cannot wear it under makeup as the only thing it illuminates are my pores
it also leaves a tacky feeling that never seems to fully absorb
would recommend that anyone with dry skin use a different moisturizer underneath if you want to use this product
this does not hydrate the skin by any means
it did not moisturize my face at all.
this moisturizer doesn't work for me at all
not as bad as other moisturizers have been though
i don't mind my pores normally
have maybe 5 pimples a year
it didn't have any spf which i like to have in an everyday moisturizer
i think it's a bit pricey for just smelling good
then the texture was too tacky, nope.
the fact that it smells so amazing sets off a major red flag: you don't want that much fragrance on your face
that's generally why i can't get on board with the glam glow train
i actually don't mind skin care that smells weird or medicinal
i guess it's an ok daily moisturizer type thing
if you are even slightly oily
let me reemphasize that: your skin does not feel shiny or greasy
it's just unfortunate that naturally oily girls tend to look shinier with the illuminating effects of the product
even if you're a shiny
i just don't see a need for a moisturizer like this
the moisturizer isn't even that good.
putting this on as a moisturizer made my face look so shiny
i do not feel it is meant for oily skin
it might be ok to add to a matte foundation if by chance one day you want a little illumination
i wouldn't advise putting it all over your face as a moisturizer as intended unless you like an oily
i prefer a blurring moisturizer or at least one that doesn't accentuate things id prefer to hide
doesn't absorb completely perhaps because of the spf
add some more stuff to actually make my skin glow
i find it either dispenses too much product or actually shoots out from the bottle
does not de-puff
i also didn't like how the cream kind of "shoots" out of the bottle
my skin didn't feel clean after use
that's simply because i like another variety of clinique face wash better
i didn't find it to be "purifying" -- i still got an occasional break out
also, it doesn't foam.
the gel texture is not something i'm used to.
it just didn't work for my acne filled skin
the scrub salt or whatever or not strong enough to really exfoliating
i like my scrubs to be minty feeling this is just ok
i think it's silly to put chemical exfoliators in a face wash
you don't keep face wash on for that long
they claim it's "gentle enough you can use it twice a day"
it doesn't matter how gentle an exfoliator is
you shouldn't even exfoliate everyday.
i found that the grains were really hard to rinse off your face
i would wash with it
even the moisturizer does not help !!!!
it doesn't leave a film on my face
can't use it to travel
it doesn't feel like it absorbs into my skin as much as other moisturizers i've used
chemicals that i can't identify
this stuff has the consistency of canned frosting
doesn't feel greasy or heavy on the skin
i didn't notice any blurring or mattifying qualities to it
this product did not blur out my pores at all
it makes me look more oily
i would steer clear of this product if you wear sunscreen every day like me
i think it does a good job of blurring my pores
simply because of the smell
it's texture is too silicone-y
if anyone is interested: it doesn't have super strong scent
my makeup just kind of looked like a big oily mess
there was nothing matte about it.
doesn't blur or work as a primer.
made my foundation so ugly
all it's done is make my oily skin worse
not for me, or for girls with super oily faces.
feels like there's a film on my skin
if i used it on it's own
yet my face would get super oily at the same time
my cc cream usually does a good job of oil control
not a good choice for a day use for anyone with oily skin
it's supposed to fill in your pores
which in my opinion doesn't work well for oily skin people
def doesn't "blur" or hydrate
it's like the smashbox primers
this moisturizer in particular does not work for my skin
if you like silicone products you may like this.
doesn't act as a good primer
takes my makeup with it
this did blur/mattify my skin when i used it
usually when i don't care for a product i can imagine a skin type or trend that it might cater to wonderfully
yet it did not have that smoothing blurring effect that makes those downfalls sometimes worth it for a great makeup day
it's a thick formula that sits on your face
it doesn't moisturize either.
it really fails as a moisturizer
i don't get the purpose of this product since it's neither a great moisturizer or primer
it made everything else on my face splotchy
moisturizer into one you end up with one mediocre product
it's such a weird consistency
siince i dont always like using a full coverage liquid
it's perfect for when i just want to brush the powder on
i didn't see my pores smooth out or imperfections blur
it's thick and it feels more like a prime.
i think it's time to start applying a primer for longer lasting makeup wear because this isn't cutting it
and i do think there's some blur going on.
if you rub your face a little
there's like a layer left on your skin
the lotion is basically "pilling" off if that makes any sense
my makeup doesn't last as long
does not cover dark circles
just another serum that uses fancy words to clog my pores
unfortunately didn't improve my skin texture or tone
i wouldn't use it with a liquid foundation either
once it's dry it's great
i do use mostly natural products which tend to be fragrance free so maybe that is why its overpowering to me?
its not a bad smell but very perfumey.
i would imagine anyone who needs that extra collagen
moisture would love this stuff
i think it's the fragrance that irritated my skin if they could get rid of the fragrance i think this would be an amazing product
maybe it's just clogged a little
did not like somewhat sticky texture of the cream
doesn't leave ur skin oily or heavy smells good
wouldn't recommend it if you have a lot of acne or very oily skin
it tends to get a bit tacky
doesn't do anything my regular gel lotions do
i don't like the smell
couldn't stand the smell.
i occasionally will get a pimple somewhere on my t zone
it's too fragranced for me to consider putting on my face
i also found it a little too tacky compared to my other nighttime face products
i would say this is a gimmick to get younger people to use moisturizers
except for the smell
it does have a fragrance but it not overpowering.
if you're one of the lucky people who don't have sensitive skin
those tiny little bumps that you can barely see unless it's in the light
it just made me look oily even though i wasn't.
i can't even describe how my face melted by mid day
totally disagree with it's name "balanced pore perfecting water gel moisturizer" clogged my pores
even those of us with oily skin needs to hydrate so our skin doesn't produce excess oil
this product does not give you enough hydration to satisfy your skin
it doesn't reduce appearance of pores whatsoever
this just didn't work for my normal to oily skin
it also sat on the skin funny like it didn't melt into the skin as it should
it's way too sticky for me.
cucumbers lmaoooi wouldn't buy it for 70 bucks though
i will say that i like that it kept my skin matte for most of the day
it is obnoxiously sticky.
don't waste your money!
they did not make me glow or do any type of illumination to mu skin
however it did leave a very sticky residue that wasn't for me
i found that it made my skin feel sticky even after applying foundation
if you don't mind the sticky/wet feeling on your face maybe you would like this?
this stuff is way too sticky
put on my normal moisturizer because i couldn't take the super sticky feeling it left all over my face any longer
it's not necessarily lightweight
you can't see it on the skin
to tell you how sticky it was
i hate it when my face feels sticky
the majority of their products irritate my skin like crazy
turns out it's the formulas themselves.
seriously, i haven't been so oily in my life.
the moisturizer stays tacky far too long.
i looked greasy even though i wasn't.
this gel makes my skin even more oily than if i didn't have it on
i don't find that this product truly ever sinks into the skin or is absorbed all the way
it goes on so sticky
did nothing for my spots or dark areas.
i wasn't a fan of the applicator because once it gets too low you run the risk of scraping plastic on your face
maybe a bad batch or something?
it didn't bother my sensitive skin
i guess it's still technically useable
it's your basic exfoliate, in stick form.
i usually get more out of other exfoliators
maybe if you had more oily skin this would help
it isn't harsh on my skin at all.
it cleans my face but it isn't a game changer.
sadly my skin also did not really feel clean or exfoliated after using it
it doesn't seem to work well with my combination skin either
there are tons of other fave masks out there that smell better
i don't usually break out
it left my face really dryer than it usually is
the mask does not peel easily from skin
i can only compare it to glam glow as it's the only other cream like mask that i've tried
fume induced coughing it was hardly he at home spa experience
it's easy to peel off
altogether not worth suffering through the terrible smell
does make my eyes water
but the smell makes my eyes water so bad!
yes the gold looks cool but that's it.
it has a terrible alcohol smell that makes your nose flare
if you want to peel it off you have to apply 1/3 of the bottle to your face
you literally have to apply a very thick layer
even then it's hard to remove
my eyes did not water even though i do experience watery eyes with other origins peel off masks
it is thick though if it was up to me it's okay
if you apply too thin
you have to apply a pretty thick layer to get it to peel off
otherwise it comes off in pieces
don't see much on the mask if you're into looking at blackheads
it's hard to get off in one piece
then it crinkles up so you can really look at the mask surface
you need a very thick layer in order to be able to peel it off
it doesn't smooth over your skin well at all
it's so thick it doesn't go into pores
the only thing i can think of is using it just on my nose as a peel off nose strip
to say the least i still don't like peel offs
i couldn't even get it to peel.
after they dried they were a little finicky to peel off so either give yourself enough time or put on a thick layer to easily peel it off
i still use it because i love peel off masks
i didn't find the smell overpowering
it's got this weird smell
i guess it's just like any other sunscreen in which it make your skin a little oiler after
this one is just yuck.
it's foamy when you use 3 or more pumps
i do think that it was too harsh a cleanser even for my combo skin
i passed it on to someone else with oily skin
it is not an unpleasant smell
if you don't like strong smells, stay away.
it didn't remove half of my makeup
had such a chemical smell that i can taste it
this however is not a good makeup remover
because i can simply follow up with some of josie maran's argan oil afterwards
give this 3 stars because it doesn't feel like your cleaning your skin
i will say it's hydrating i just prefer a little foam
unfortunately, this isn't the moisturizer for me.
which i don't usually have a problem with
as far as i can tell it doesn't clog my pores or make me look more oily
was so awful i had to rewash my face to get rid of it
it makes my makeup peel off
it made my face feel sticky
i don't like the way it leaves a weird film on your face
when i went to put on other makeup such as blush
waste a lot of product does make my skin look glowy
there is a sticky feeling after you have pat it on your face
i don't think it's a natural kind of smell
i do believe this is geared more towards oily/combo skin rather than my sort-of dry skin
they seem to cater more towards the oily/acne/combo skin types than my dry
my issue with the product is the sticky-tacky feeling it leaves
it's very tacky on the face
it isn't too bad
no- for a couple reasons: it's super sticky-tacky feeling
i can see alot of developing pimples already.
i think this is actually for normal to oily skin.
it's not oily either.
it's so cute and comes with a mini spatula.
kind of reminds me of bar soap though.
this definitely doesn't hydrate my face enough.
worse it made me feel like i had a film of soap residue over my entire face even after throroughly rinsing
i cannot get over the smell
i like that it's a oil
it did not take off mascara
it doesn't leave a residue which can be a problem with some oils
does not remove eye makeup!!!!
i mean a heavy, fake, perfume smell.
i hope it's just my face getting used to the product
don't know why it didn't mix perfectly with a water-based moisturizer- maybe it's just my skin
that in no way can help anyones skin other than as a irritant
age there's no need to put that much fragrance in a product
the consistency is odd- like liquid out of the bottle
it needs something on top of it if you want moisturization
my skin feels otherwise
the strong perfume scent alone would be enough to turn me off of the product
not for my acne-prone skin type
it's too light of a moisturizer to use alone
i did feel like it was a little sticky.
good for hot days when you only wear suncreen or bb cream
there's definitely fragrance in this product
i like the packaging, but that's about it.
it did make my skin look glowy
on days i didn't wear makeup
not something i would purchase as i find it a bit expensive for a liquidy product
i really can't imagine an instance where i'd want a perfumed smell like that all over my face
unfortunately it doesn't work as a moisturizer.
while i appreciate it's not heavy
it's so thin i don't feel like i'm getting enough moisture from it at all
wasn't crazy about the sticky gel texture
i put it on only at night because i have oily skin
tacky as if i was putting a primer on
problem is i find the fragrance components a little irritating on my skin
shouldn't even be called a moisturizer!
it leaves my skin so darn sticky
maybe i just like the green color
made it feel sticky
still need moisturizer after i wash my face or for whatever reason my face is even more oily later in the day
i also didn't notice much of a mattifying effect.
to say this product was my holy grail daily moisturizer would be an understatement
i feel like it made my t zone more oily.
powder even with my mattifying foundations that i don't normally do that with
i won't repurchase because it doesn't work for my skin
this product made me even more oily.
i hope sephora comes out with a different spf face moisturizer that isn't so drying
does leave weird residue after use
it does mattify my skin
if you had oily or combination skin this would probably offer enough moisture
don't waste your money.
i do like the squeeze
the texture of this stuff
it does not cause any shine
it doesn't work as a moisturizer either
it's not a moisturizer because it does not hydrate your skin
it goes on like a primer
worst because it's not silky nor does it stay on your skin when use of makeup on top
i wouldn't consider it mattifying at all
this did nothing to matte my skin.
it doesn't leave my face looking pale
i will clearly have to use this stuff only on oily t-zone
i do not have oily skin yet it made my face shinny after a few hours
it leaves a film on your face to when you put your makeup on it looks cakey
i actually like the scent it has it just can be overpowering sometimes
it's worse than that- it smells like rotten old lady perfume
i assume i wouldn't like to whiff this on another woman either- it's really that bad
each time i use this face cleanser it makes me feel itchy not sure because if my skin was dry afterward or this face wash is not made for me
i don't like having glitter in my skin care
skin doesn't absorb this stuff
do not use this if you have acne or are prone to getting acne
this cleansing "water" did not feel like water at all
i guess that sticky/tacky/milky feel of it is what's supposed to feel hydrating
boscia and i just don't mesh.
not only does it barely treat breakouts
this unfortunately made me break out all over after 2 uses especially in locations i don't usually have problems like my nose
unfortunately it's not for everyone's skin.
didn't take care of my under the skin acne
does not soak into the skin
this was supposed to help me with my blackheads
not ruin my skin texture
there's many other things that can make your face feel as soft
it did nothing for my acne or scars.
don't waste your money.
all it does is make my face look oily
i only wanted it for my dark spots/scars from the breakouts i do get occasionally
it's defiantly a hit or a miss for certain skin types
it doesn't feel like a dry oil if it left my face a complete grease ball
f your sense of smell isn't as strong it may not be as bothersome
it did seem to minimize my pores at first
literally only use this if you're nose blind.
if you're so stuffed up you can't smell.
the annoying chunky texture was hard to accept.
people complain about the texture.
just like any kind of natural or h
it didn't bother my sensitive skin
then once you get it somewhat evenly applied there are still all these thick pulpy chunks on your face that feel like they're going to fall off
not to mention this is really sticky
the slimy chunky pieces of fruit or whatever is in this mask makes it uncomfortable to apply
you put the unnecessarily chunky mess on your face
it is so dang sticky
it's kind of gross with the orange chunks on your skin
seeking citric acid at the very bottom i understood more as to why this mask just doesn't do much
the ingredients are basically a bunch of fluff
t does make your face softer
the chunks don't seem to have any purpose
good when you want to slather something really good smelling on your face
doesn't seem to make a difference in skin texture at all
is this supposed to be so chunky?
i am very tempted to actaully run this through the blender to get rid of them
i didn't like the texture at all
it doesn't stay on your face
don't waste $60 on this!
i just don't like this mask it makes me feel like put high pulp orange juice on my face
i don't see why the consistency of the product can't be less clumpy
acne-prone skin — so this may work for people who have few-to-no skin issues
it is sticky and has these weird little chuncks.
can't say i noticed a difference in the brightness of my skin after one use
the mask doesn't work at all!
isn't the relaxing experience of applying a mask half of why you use it?
the solid bits aren't firm enough to offer any kind of physical exfoliation so presumably they're in the mixture purely to prove it's made with fruit
the soft bits in the product provide no added benefit it seems as they are not exfoliating or dissolving or anything
it's like a marmalade put in a nice expensive jar
i guess if your skin is on the dryer side
i guess it's healthy food for the face
this does not irritate or sting like some products with fruit acids do
it's the same thickness!
sometimes can be hit
i never get pimples like that
it's impossible to dispense a small amount
i didn't find that it moisturizer my skin as well as they made it sound
i just couldn't get over the smell
i could smell it
it didn't irritate my skin though.
i cannot speak to how long that lasts or to how moisturizing the actual product is because i simply couldn't stomach having it on my face any longer
the smell is bad
it's more like a highlighter with excessive highlight powder takes forever to blend
this eye cream has no added value unless you want sparkle under your eye
could be nice if you want an extra shimmer over your makeup
it's filled with junk
feels sort of tacky at first then almost like coconut oil
the formula is a little tacky
don't waste your money.
this may work better for you if you don't mind the shimmer factor
so difficult to make an even layer without getting the mask everywhere it's not supposed to go
the tube is just so cumbersome to use when your h
i find if you don't make this mask thick enough
if you peel too soon it's a sticky mess.
you will experience an overall difference in feeling over your face than you do when you peel off the black mask
if you place on too thin, it is worthless.
as with all peel off masks you would need quite a large amount to make it peel
do just one layer
then you'd be using through the tube reallllly quickly
it's pretty hard to get it on evenly you need to use a lot of product as it doesn't spread easily the texture is comparable to thick honey
i mainly tried it out because i love peel masks
i find that it doesn't stick to my skin
if you follow the directions "apply a thick opaque layer" you'd be used 1/4 of the tube
it wouldn't peel off
i usually love peel off masks.
can't speak to it's long term effects
didn't care for the glitter either as i applied this at night
it does have micro glitter
i also didn't have any luck with the algenist eye balm so perhaps my skin just rejects this line
and it doesn't seem to be absorbed at all.
need some hyaluronic acid in here or something.
3/4 of a jar left, and just cant use it :(
it's just a basic cleanser.
it's just a simple cleanser that does do a good job of washing my face
this was a good daily moisturizer in the sense that it isn't heavy
it didn't help my breakouts at all or control my oiliness
this surprisingly didn't cause any clogged pores
it does an ok job on cleaning my skin
i know everyone's acne is different.
it is useless for me
it basically just dries my skin out
it's a bit pricey too.
this mask literally does nothing to my skin
this mask isn't for everyone.
i didn't feel any kind of warming sensation after massaging the mask into my skin
which for a mask isn't that weird or uncommon
for some it might feel like that is some residue if this the case for you wash face with your cleaners after
believe it or not your skin will still feel soft with out any residual feeling
this feels just like honey as you apply it
it doesn't heat up or even give me the slightest warm feeling
it doesn't smell good
it didn't make my skin softer
it didn't plump up my skin.
doesn't have any lasting effects
i used retinoids so that may be the reason this product stings really bad
i love that it's so warming on the skin.
both times my skin felt even dryer afterwords
i literally can't keep it on the full 10 minutes because i can't take the stench
which doesn't feel pleasant with the burning
for now i can make my own face mask out of my manuka honey
doesn't have much smell.
my face didn't feel more moisturizer
i didn't notice much change in texture or softness
it does give that "plump" effect
i think if you have normal or oily skin this should be good
does not get any gunk out of your pores
it didn't clean out my pores or get my very little makeup off effectively
or get rid of any of my pimples
i can't speak to the efficacy of the product because i honestly can't get over the stench
it didn't dry me out or leave me flaky like some acne treatments would
in the end i couldn't get pass the smell.
it's just a lotion to me.
it does give you a wet look
it does ok in very small amounts as a spot highlighter
i couldn't get past the smell of this product.
this is a nice milky cleanser that doesn't strip your skin or make it feel tight
i personally prefer the fresh gel cleanser over this one as it's gentler around the eye area
doesn't leave your skin feeling like it has residue like this one
i don't think i would mind a cucumber scent
this product doesn't cleanse well like the other one
it doesn't cleanse as well as it should
i wouldn't say i feel cleansed
didn't realize they had more than one soy cleanser till i started to wash my face
this product didn't remove my makeup at all
it definitely does not remove my mascara
how you can smell the ingredients in it
it's like putting a lotion on your face
if it doesn't even remove makeup
i don't know if it'll move dirt from your skin
i like how it's a pump
i can't get past the heavy
having to add the water to your fingertips was a little inconvenient
i do agree that it makes skin plump
i didn't find the scent irritating or too strong.
i didn't find is overly hydrating or "plumping" either after several uses following the directions
i don't usually like putting frangranced items on my face
don't waste your money.
did not take off my eye make as easily as other cleansing waters i have used
i didn't feel any "effects" while wearing the mask
don't buy into the gimmick.
there's nothing anywhere that i can find that says that this product won't clog your pores
you skin just feels clogged
using rich products occasionally doesn't make it worse
it's a fun product however i wouldn't recommend it if you have oily skin
what it does is like basically covers your skin with a mud like wierd thing
your skin could not breathe when it's on
any skin condition can tell you it doesn't feel firming or tightening
however really annoying when you need to keep wrapping it with a tissue to take everything off
it could have been cleaning stuff out
instructions say to rub in the oil when you're done with the mask
the "cool" effect does not come cheap
now there's a little bit of the magnetic residue that i can't get off
couple that with the fact that it's itchy as heck makes me dislike it more
it's such a cute idea and a little gimicky.
it's recommended to leave the residue on the skin
i rarely ever get a pimple
it feel like you have a silicone primer all over your face
you are rather "glowy" after
otherwise probably too oily
the magnet is a cute gimmick that quickly loses its charm when you realize it's not super effective at getting the entire mask off in one go
it doesn't seem to tighten the skin
not messy to take off
you just massage into your skin
the removing part is fun yet tedious
make sure you switch out your tissues a few times
usually want to mask then rinse off and go.
with my oily skin it just didn't work
i feel if you have oily skin maybe get a sample before buying a full size
runny that they either provide enough hydration or stay long enough on my face
the product information doesn't mention how much niacinamide one bottle contains
yet the consistency of the serum doesn't allow for two drops to cover your whole face--- it dries as soon as it touches your skin
the pimples themselves didn't diminish at all
my skin does look plumg
flakey that i can't even wear foundation
i don't notice any difference except that it is causing my skin to dry out :-/ boo
i did not have any burning/peeling
unfortunately i can't get past the perfume fragrance
different diet i have come to the conclusion that when i use this soap over time my skin gets very small white bumps
i don't really like the gel like consistency because it feels like it isn't lathering that well onto my skin
i feel as though i could have just bought a drugstore cleanser
couldn't even use on a countertop
it doesn't lather or even make my face feel clean after i use it
which makes me think it's this cleanser
there's no way to lock it
made my face feel dirty afterwards no matter how much rinsing i did
if you are trying to use it to remove your makeup
i will say it's a nice cleanser with a clean scent
prefer a gentle cleanser that doesn't make my skin any dryer
this product smells so awful and it lingers.
this cleanser is not for me
guess it is more for peeps with skin tending towards oily
it's an okay moisturizer.
i didn't see any brightening effect with this cream
i would definitely recommend to an oily skin type
it's a ok moisturizer, but that is it.
smells like cheap lotion that you'd get gratis in a hotel bathroom
it's supposed to be a cream
your face doesn't even feel like you applied a moisturizer
it just does not moisturize enough by itself
i think it's more for oily/combination skin
i mean six pimples in places that i normally don't break out in
i think you might like it if you have oily skin.
it didn't help with my acne
i can't imagine how much darker it will look with my winter skin
i wasn't aware i should use a brush or sponge
i could barely remove it which means it's long lasting
cakey all day that i couldn't wait to get home
i won't deny that it does cover redness
will not cover any of my red acnes or dark sports
you can see it on my face bc it's just a little bit too dark
i've tried mixing it with other stuff
f you have a lighter complexion i would not suggest this product
it's also quite greasy
i don't know how it worked on that one pale lady in the video
t doesn't look natural even though they said it works with all skin tones
then i'm also left with color that doesn't blend well with my skin tone
i do like the texture
it's amazing at canceling out redness
it's so freaking dark that it looks like i used a foundation for medium skin tones
i don't have dark skin
i find it to be flaky at times though.
the pump isn't getting enough product to work
it doesn't get rid of all my waterproof mascara.
ard makeup removers due to them needing me to run my skin raw to get anything off completely
this stuff really removes makeup without double washing your face
that's why it was so oily
it's great at cleaning all types of makeup.
something has to be wrong with a product that smells rancid from day one
it didn't remove my eye makeup
it wouldn't get off all of my eye makeup
think you could use a drugstore cold cream cleanser to do the same thing
it really does remove makeup
mineral oil tends to break me out so maybe that's what caused my breakouts
i always get hormonal breakouts around my chin when it's my time of the month
it doesn't take away waterproof mascara or liner.
the formula is horrible for someone who has oily skin
doesn't help makeup application in fact sometimes it made my face feel like i had halloween makeup on
doesn't hide any pores
it did nothing for my pores.
i don't feel that it helps with pores
there's no in-between.
aside from that it made me even more oily
it did nothing for my pores
i would just look like an oily mess
this product did not blur or camouflage them at all
it did nothing for my pores/fine lines
it didn't fill in my pores or fine lines
it didn't extend the wear of my makeup or control oil at all
it no longer blurs the pores like it's intended purpose
did not conceal my pores or fine lines
i can't use it alone because it leaves a white film on my face
it doesn't have a matte finish
it also doesn't do so much for my large pores
i rarely get my eyes puffy
didn't remove my makeup
this doesn't irritate my skin
don't bother wasting your money on this junk.
i think it's a good moisturizer
two stars because this product didn't make my skin or eyes burn
the product claims that you'll see results instantly
i will like you can see more creases
have dark circles in your genes then i don't think this is the right cream for you
because it's in a jar
i won't be using the rest of it because i wake up with puffier eyes
beware it's not for everyone!
don't waste your money on this!
i can wear it under makeup because it isn't greasy
does give you a greasy eye feel
you can't wear this under makeup it just doesn't look right
it's literally moisturizer with glitter in it
this is not a highlighter by any means
this stuff caused horrible breakouts
i can't get past the smell
why oh why do these companies put heavy scents in their creams???
i usually don't have an issue with breakouts
i am not sure if the pimples were due to the fragrance
it looks innocent enough
so tacky that it was annoying whenever i looked down
who normally can't smell even the most rancid odors
i know it's not my diet or makeup so the only thing i can point to is this moisturizer
i've tried patting on a very small amount avoiding my t-zones
it does make your skin tone even
it didn't seem to get absorbed by my skin
it does not absorb, even when i mist my face.
i don't like the smell
even after it continues to be sticky
you cannot use it all over your face.
it can clog your pores if you have acne prone skin like me
i don't think this product lets your skin "breathe"
it didn't keep my face moisturizer for very long
maybe the only reason it has the effect of color correcting is because it goes on like kabuki makeup
because i just naturally get oily throughout the day
why they would make a repairing lotion with irritating effects
i liked the idea of substituting this for my sunscreen everyday to work since i don't wear make up
the bad news is if you are medium skin or darker this will leave a white coat on your face
my skin has gotten tanner as it didn't make a good replacement from my usual spf
it also didn't cover any acne spots
it's also more on the oily side
it really doesn't cut down on my need for other color correcters
this stuff is even too pale for me
you need to put powder over it if you don't want a shiny face
since i don't wear makeup to work except for a little concealer when i need it
make sure to exfoliate before you put this on or your pores may look gross
don't waste your time or money
because it doesn't seem to blend into my skin well enough on its own
it does have an spf though
made me look greasy
still cover like makeup
did not hide my redness at all
i don't know why this is in the moisturizer category
smelly paste that doesn't ever soak in
i think is too white
too white for me
that does the trick for maybe half the day then i'm oily :/ another great feature is the spf in it
it does not wear well under makeup.
makes it look like you have cotton ball residue on your face
my face felt clogged as if the skin couldn't breath
make sure you wash your face
not letting it breathe
some minor adult acne on my forehead that i can't seem to get rid of
but i like that it has spf.
'm sticking with my usual dior makeup melter
you can easily buy a cheap makeup melter
it doesn't remove everything
it leaves a slightly oily film that i don't personally appreciate because it makes it necessary to double-cleanse
its not acne-prone
definitely recommend their makeup breakup cleansing oil over this
if you want to try a nicer balm cleansers
maybe that's the charcoal?
and it did not remove all of my mascara.
although that doesn't bother me as i typically do that with balms anyway
it doesn't do much in removing makeup or clean my face
maybe oil balm cleansers are not my thing.
when i use the balms they don't seem to melt into enough of an oil versus when i use liquid oils like their makeup breakup
doesn't feel like there is any tug on my skin
i do not wear a full face of makeup often so most of the time i just use makeup remover wipes
plus it's super convenient when you just want to get in the shower
take you're makeup off
didn't burn my eyes
it is so sticky and hard to remove my make up.
it can't even take off my eyeshadow.
wouldn't wash off with water like it said it would
it did not remove my mascara well.
it does melt make up
the problem is that the balm doesn't melt into my skin like a sherbert-style cleanser
i cannot get past the strong smell
like others it didn't feel like my foundation was "melted off" i was pleased that my lip stains would come off
it also seems to make my eyes feeling kind of blurry if that makes sense when i tried to scrub off my mascara
it did do a good job of removing waterproof mascara
didn't turn into a milky film like other oil based cleansers i've tried
it did not completely take off my mascara
it's an illusion that it's actually taking all of your makeup off
it's okay to use in conjunction with another product
it just takes to much work to remove your makeup.
sometimes youd need to scrub the product off with a towel
i own an embarrassing amount of masks etc.
idk splash masks seem a little gimmicky to me now
if you rub your face or apply anything over top
wouldn't waste it i even tried putting it just on my décolletage
even under clothes i can still smell it
that's my number one gripe with it: it's been a nightmare under makeup
it doesn't blur anything
bad that it made me nauseated even with a tiny amount of application around the face
not only was this cream awful smelling
this product doesn't sink in at all
this product doesn't sink into the skin
it doesn't have the most pleasant smell either
can't get past the smell
it's not oil free
stay away from this if you have combination or oily skin
it won't make you gag unless you are super sensitive
i do not think i have ever used a facial product that smelled so bad
i mean like rancid cooking oil
i just cannot get past the scent
the smell of it is unbearable it made my stomach turn i don't even know how to describe it
i can still smell it
i rarely , if ever , break out with acne.
i like my moisturizers to either have no scent or smell good
does not soak into my skin at all
that it's a balm-to-oil is no miracle
don't be fooled by the fancy name
it's such a thick consistency that other than the oils
did not brighten, soothe, or anything.
this was useless for me
any concealer i put on looks like a mess.
did not see any difference in my hyper pigmentation
i don't care how potent this cream is
as i have skin that's on the dry/combo side i figured i wouldn't really need to use this
the scent is just too outrageous
just the most awful smell i ever had using a $140 moisturizer
please cover that smell with something
i usually let a cleanser take my makeup off
there was still a whole bunch of makeup left on my toner pad
this product doesn't get all of my make-up off
there's often residual foundation left behind.
doesn't feel like a deep cleanser
doesn't cause my skin to break out however i don't think it purifies my pores
in that the cleansing oil did technically melt my make up away
the smells is slightly off putting bwvause or reminds me of my sons pablum :p
im sure the that there are better products out there to cleanse skin
it just feels like a cheap watered down lotion
it does not lather
it's too bad this whole line doesn't actually smell like coconut or i would
the dropper doesn't pick up a bunch
it did not clog my pores or have any negative effects at all
the smell of this moisturizer was not tolerable
i would sometimes get a whiff of it on my face which i was not fine with
it's very thick but hard to rub into the skin.
you get this white sort of film over the skin unless you rub it all in very well
it's such a weird texture
once it's absorbed it leaves my skin matte
wouldn't recommend this if your skin is easily irritated
it's hard to spread on your face it's not like slippery
not the bit greasy
my skin would get even more oily when i applied it
this doesn't happen with any other face creams i've tried
it stays tacky on my skin all day long!
it's super annoying to have my face feel sticky all day
my face is still a bit tacky
it's outrageous how laszlo can charge the price for this when it's mostly water
the smell isn't bad
i would try other cleansing oils if you do
i could tell by the texture
it didn't seem to dry my skin out which a lot of bar soaps tend to do
i would recommend if your skin is not too acne prone
it did kinda sooth my skin
i would first like to say that i have been on the hunt for a cleanser that would treat my oily skin
found that they seem to work best for my oily skin type
the bar soap just wasn't the right fit for my skin
i think it's possible that this would work best if you have a water softener
the products smell nice- unfortunately not compatable with my combo/dry skin
i can't get lazy like i can with other cleansing oils
doesn't come off with a simple rinse
the oil is also waaay too oily.
the only issue is the dispensing the face oil can me a little messy
a soap bar so that you can first melt off your makeup
i didn't enjoy the cleansing bar because it irritated my eyes
i don't usually use oil or soap to remove my makeup
usually just a wipe will do so my expectations were kinda high
i don't use bar soaps in general because i hate how sticky
maybe if it came in a tin like the beauty blender solid it would bother me less
i would prefer like a balm cleanser or something to this bar
the cleansing oil doesn't really do its job
the oil however doesn't really remove makeup.
i only give it props because of the cute packaging
it does melts all my makeup on my face
it doesnt do anything to remove all my makeup
it's not peeling anymore for dry skin!!
it might be a good option if you don't mind using a bar soap on your face
the oil cleanser really lingers
the bar is nice and i like the lather it gives.
t can be slightly greasy
i would not recommend using this product on your eyes because it is oily
i wish the oil came with some kind of spout or pump it was very difficult for me to pour the oil out onto a cotton round or my h
it holds on to any little hairs or dirt that gets on the actual bar
once i use the soap it dries out my skin so bad i could only use it once
i think it's because it's getting rid of any impurities
it didn't lather up
still can't get any suds to form from the bar
i love how it's easy to travel with
it's a cleansing bar so you don't have to worry about liquids on the plane
see no difference with my skin it's just a bar of soap
i got pass the smell of apple cider vinegar because i really want good skin
f you get it on your sink rinse it immediately because it dries fast
didn't make my sensitive eyes watery
apparently i'm a glutton for punishment so
any eye cream can do that
its hard to want to use this all over your face with that funky smell
it doesn't have much cleaning action
not all eye makeup
doesn't foam at all
first of all, it's a sticky and greasy mess.
gimmick product that doesn't work
it's basically an ointment
making it have that oily/greasy texture that seems to just sit on your skin
doesn't feel like it ever gets absorbed
s not to feel greasy
i can't describe the smell
the moisturizer gets patchy in certain spots of your face
just light enough to wear under makeup
it's just full of glitter
this product made me look even more oily
i would recommend this product to someone who likes sparkles all over
so unless you want glitter all over your face don't buy it
i don't hate it, but there was way too much glow.
this is not meant to be worn alone on dark skin.
i don't see how this could work as a moisturizer.
if subtlety is your thing
didn't leave a smooth skin for makeup
not at all glittery
i didn't find it glittery at all
it says that you can use it as a highlighter on top of makeup
i don't even put that much as eyeshadow!
it's too heavy for it to not moisturizer at all
this is simply a glittery lotion for your face.
i'd looooove it if there was 50% less glitter
worn alone it's a glittery mess.
not at all what i'd expect from tarte
the glitter doesn't show through
because that amount of glitter cannot be good for your skin
the glitter would not come off
or the reviewers who don't see the glitter particles have some vision issues
the glitter would not come off
for anyone who thinks this will for you a subtle glow or a lot from within look
this moisturizer has so much shimmer highlight pigment in it- not in the good way you would think
it's not friendly to some
can't wear this moisturizer all over face.
looks good as a highlighter worn alone.
i can see a little sparkle which i don't care for
this doesn't provide much hydration
shimmer to where it's applied so probably not to be used as an all over moisturizer
applied only to where you want to add shimmer
you can actually see the glitter particles
it's like something you used to put on your skin in middle school after doodling on your h
if you like glitter, go for it.
it's hard to wash off.
this is way too glittery.
it looks like i'm wearing a cheap glitter moisturizer meant for kids from claire's or something
it's literally half the price
don't have a problem with "glitter" looks
it was sticky and did not blend well.
don't waste your time
i like that it doesn't pill when applying makeup over it
some people like micro glitter because they think it's illuminating
stings my eyes and doesn't absorb into my skin
for $65, i think it's too pricey for a primer.
it's not my go to eye cream because the fragrance is quite strong
if you need a quick fix this might be the eye cream for you
just want to smooth out the texture
they seem to add unnecessary scents to quite a few of their products
my concealer usually stays put well anyway
it is laughable that they are trying to hawk a tiny bottle of dimethicone for sixty dollars
i do think that this cream works great as a primer for eyeshadow or your face in general
i also usually wear eye cream at night
doesn't ball up under my makeup
didn't do much by why of smoothing/blurring
isn't right for my combination skin type
didn't get rid of my under eye circles
it also didn't really get rid of my puffiness.
it's a good moisturizer for sure
the evening the effects seem to wear off
i did not see any change in my skin tone or tired under eye bags
however it did not thing for my dark circles or for any puffiness
i didn't like how oily it was.
hours after applying if i were to rub under my eyes i could still feel that it felt oily
beyond what you can get from your face cream unless you're suffering from puffing
otherwise don't waste your money.
i honestly can't comment whether it works for dark circles or puffiness since i finished up the tube in 3 days
i don't have bad under eye circles
didn't feel greasy at all
i don't have dark circles
i don't see a difference in skin tone
can't use it during the day or under makeup etc
it's super greasy after applying it
i used this product religiously, it doesn't work.
it did seem to fill in lines and plump my skin.
maybe it'll work better if you don't have adult acne?
didn't break me out or make my oily face oilier though
only one of my laugh lines disappears
i can feel a film layer on my face
i didn't break out from this which is nice since my skin can sometimes be sensitive to new products
i can't complain with how my skin looks in the morning
the smell gets to me though
it's a very strange kind of artificial plastic like smell?
it's a strange product in my opinion.
this product didn't hydrate my skin for long
i didn't find it hydrating enough
leaves something like a film on the skin
the smell is horrible and it's very sticky.
was really sticky on my face
it smells so bad!!!
doesn't pat/smear into the skin well
i only use it at night time before bed because it makes my skin look so oily
also this product does not smooth your face or blur out your pours
the last thing i need is something that glowy to just make me more oily
i don't like it as a moisturizer either
i do not like this as a moisturizer or primer.
it does not really absorb into the skin
it doesn't work as a primer or as a moisturizer for me
let the moisturizer sit a bit longer before applying the foundation
it's not effective as a makeup primer
now i realize that the formulation must have either changed or maybe i got a funky tube?
if i wear it without makeup
doesn't change the texture of my skin
it's just a very light moisturizer
i just can't get over the smell
because i think it smells like the soap they have in public restrooms
i didn't find that it helped moisture my skin at all or reduce the size of my pores
it seems to be an ok primer
it made my face look really oily
and my makeup was a mess!
it was way too glowy to wear by itself
i want to point out that it's a priming moisturizer
this moisturizer would not let my foundation stick to my nose for the life of me
i got this primer because my skin was flaky
wear this the shimmer aspect is not to bad
doesn't really control the shininess that i am used to in a primer
did not apply moisturizer as i usually do
neither one gets all of my makeup off
doesn't leave a weird film on my face
it's good they were cheap.
the product is rather sticky
it's decent at getting makeup off
you're better off getting remover wipes.
does not work for removing mascara
it doesn't smell good nor does it make you face feel clean
it wouldn't even cleanse
it's this overpriced sephora scrub
it doesn't remove most of the eyeliners i own
i can't say it smells like coconut either.
the smell isn't bad
it's just not terribly "tropical" like i was expecting
yes it's a lotion consistency
fool me once, charcoal line
it didn't leave my face feeling especially clean
the cream is amazing but this mask was a fail.
goes on smooth without feeling sticky or too matte
don't mind the scent at all
i don't notice a $150 change in my skin.
everyone's skin is different
at the time i was using a cleanser that was too harsh for my skin
it didn't irritate my skin at all
it leaves behind almost a filmy texture when you remove it that i didn't love
the scent is not bad
strong enough that i wrinkle my nose
i simply feel that there is an oily film on my face
some face mask  or oil do a better job than this one in terms of hydrating your face without being greasy
unless i want to wear it on days that i wear moisturizer only
it's not a clean scent either- it's very flowery
it's tacky unless set
doesn't seem to absorb well
not to mention it itches like crazy
normally i would use hangover from too faced which is hydrating
i still couldn't deal with the smell
i didn't notice any difference in my skin either aside from all the gold glitter
there's no difference in my skin
i wanted so bad to love this because its not greasy or heavy
it was just dull
it doesn't blend with anything i put on top of it
hyaluronic acid is not doing anything those things
it doesn't give me moisture
so i have combo skin but more on the oily side.
it didn't even touch the moisture i need
it didn't have a bad scent.
smells like nothing too
i am not allergic to anything
this mask gave no moisture to my face i actually think it made my skin dryer than it was
s before applying to your face it's seems like a normal cream
when you apply it to your face it feels like water
it doesn't enough hydration or moisture
it is heavy on dimethicone which is probably why it causes bumps on me
not greasy or slick
even though i rarely get flaky skin i still want soft skin
this one feels like it leaves a film on my skin that doesn't quite get absorbed
i guess i will have to stick to my heavy moisturizers for night
it just feels sticky on my face
the weird thing is ptr makes this in a serum yet it doesn't contain dimethicone
it didn't moisturize my skin much at all
it didn't even skin tone
also not good for combination/oily skin tones because it is so thick it made me look v
i felt this product was not good for someone with oily skin even while using with the pores no more primer
the only good thing about it is that there's spf
not worrying about clogging my pores
it gives me a little spf protection
under makeup it is wretched
it made me so greasy
it also doesn't ever really blend in or adhere to skin
even when using a small amount it leaves a very orange tinge to my skin
i find that doing so much rubbing to blend it in defeats the purpose of the stick
when the product is spread so thin it seems like it does not help blur imperfections as well as i think it might for ladies who have skin tones closer to the color
just to a color that wasn't my own
this product is so expensive for just an ok moisturizer
supposedly the murad moisturizer would do the same thing
i often felt greasy
not small pimples either.
contour you'd have on that area
it does make your face matte when you first apply
doesn't seem to stay matte for much longer than any other matte primer i have tried
with an occasional pimple here
keeps you matte for a few hours however:-the packaging is big
it definitely leaks if it's in your purse.
it does remove some makeup
the only different/nice thing about this is that it can help prevent the "cakey" look later in the day because you're using a liquid to mattify as opposed to adding a layer of powder
my face is a shiny as it usually it at this time
it didn't do much for the appearance of pores
didn't make my face look less shiny
there's no way to use this over foundation to mattify
being that it's a liquid
so while i do like the face wash
it does get rid of make up so you don't have that extra step i use my aqua bomb moisturizer with this
does not seem to absorb well
it doesn't seem to absorb into my skin it just kind of sits there on the top
this just does not absorb into my skin at all
doesn't work well with makeup
doesn't feel too slick like sunscreen sometimes does
smells like it too
unfortunately it got greasy quickly on my normal skin
wasn't expecting the greasiness of this one
it feels refreshing and doesn't irritate my eyes.
so for me the pilling was a deal breaker
this product smells so awful, it's nauseating.
i can't get past the smell
water to make sure that i could move the paste around my face while also maintaining enough grittiness
the cocoa bubble things are so hard to break open you have to crush them in the lid or you'll irritate your skin
just on my type of skin
every time i use it my skin looks flaky
deleting them isn't good practice
i do not have acne prone skin
i don't know if it's because the dry parts have not exfoliated completely
most peels make my skin go nuts.
i don't usually return products
applying even a little amount left me super oily.
the only reason i haven't is that it doesn't break out my acne prone skin
it left a weird sticky feeling on my face
it didn't improve my texture or combo skin either
all i got was a weird filmy feeling that sometimes would peel like glue off my face
i peels off immediately and looks ridiculous.
my skin does not flake
this is just a fancy looking face cream/gel that does nothing to my skin
there's no good smell to it even though there's frgrance in the ingredients
gimmicky stuff with cool packaging
if i want extra moisture
this product does wonders for the skin
just as any argan oil would do
i don't like the smell
i can't imagine that this concentrate will truly work better than the argan oil for any skin type
apparently it's too oily
using it gave me little whiteheads
despite the greasiness it hasn't made me break out
it doesn't absorb fast enough to use right before bed
maybe my skin is too oily naturally for this product
i don't usually react like this
it's just so greasy though <:(
in what universe is this "never greasy"?
granted i have oily skin that just doesn't absorb product as well
even in the summer i use a good moisturizer
rritated that i can't put any cream on it
anything that touches my face makes it burn horribly
i would expect a moisturizer to still have its place in a layered routine
i guess because it is thick ans hard to absorb
right now it isn't as oily as it gets during the summer
be careful because it may clog you
i typically have clear skin with the occasional pimple
everyone's skin is different
one of the things the box says is "not greasy"
there's a boatload of synthetic fragrance in here
i will probably use it on my elbows
wasn't expecting the consistency to be so thick.
it makes it not as heavy
it's now being used as neck cream.
the smell does linger
don't waste your money on this.
doesn't remove all of my makeup in three pumps as it suggests
considering this is supposed to be for sensitive skin i would expect it not to burn like crazy when a tiny bit gets in my eyes
it doesn't really foam for me
i don't care much for the scent
there are other cleansers out there for sensitive skin that don't have the fragrance that i much prefer
i don't think it cleanses well on its own
it so odd though because the first week my skin wasn't oily at all
just hate that this is called a gentle cleanser
lathering option if that's your preference
it didn't leave my face feeling super-clean
i did like the squeaky clean feeling it gave my skin
all i want it's to get my skin back
never got rid of any acne
i guess it may work for some climates/skin type
as others have mentioned it's thick- it's not just thick
it's takes a lot of effort to "rub" in little amounts here n there
throughout the day it still feels "tacky" or oily to the touch
there's something about the constancy of this.
perhaps that's from all the rubbing
i don't get any pimples at all
my skin is very oily even in my 30s
i feel like it's just too thick
didn't have a heavy fragrance in it
i don't how it softens
i feel dirty wearing it on my skin.
it's a regular moisturizer like any other br
it's just an average moisturizer
i don't see a difference in texture or quality of my skin
it doesn't feel bad putting it on
a pro to this cream is that when you touch it
as it's intended to be used to clean your face
i guess it's more suited for oily skin types.
small pimples even though i don't use that much
the only things i don't like is the jar packaging
i don't wear primer
i feel like this makes my pores secrete more oil because it makes my face too powdery
even out my skin tone
if you do want smoother skin with smaller pores on those days when you don't want to put make-up on
it's a little too matte
if you're all about the super matte look
beware that it does leave a bit of a white cast on the skin
you can really see its blurring effect : it suddenly makes your skin matte
if i apply it under my makeup sometimes it will break up
used over my makeup it definitely did smooth over my pores
i don't really have oily areas for it to absorb
unless they get rid of the fragrance
i do not recommend this cleansing oil because it clog my pores
it does a good job of removing makeup
i just don't like the breakouts.
they trick you because you only get 1/4 of the bottle because there's a piece of plastic in there
the pump didn't work/bottle wasn't filled properly
it's a good cleanser in that it makes the skin slightly less oily
i don't think it's truly effective in cleansing the skin like it says it does
it looks bad under my makeup
it doesn't irritate my eyes
i also noticed that it pills up under my makeup because it doesn't sink into the skin
even a small amount on your face makes it soooo oily
i don't feel this oil is fully permeated into my skin
it's slow to be absorbed, and don't feel light.
it's literally the same thing
this stuff stings a little
it's about the size of a lancôme juicy tube or too faced melted lipstain
it doesn't leave a residue
f you're not that oily it may work for you
that's a few months of exposure to all sorts of grossness
i love that it was non-greasy
it's not greasy or oily.
i don't know if this cream helps with lines
i can't tell even a tiny bit of difference
look at the cotton pad it's completely brown meaning the cleanser it's not cleaning my face correctly
t should be really easy just to remove the dust or whatever from my face
this had a mentholy type of smell
my skin did not feel cleansed at all
it doesn't give you the same deep clean feeling
i think this is for the oiliest skin.
it's not preventing me from breaking out
will use the cleanser until it's gone
you only need a small amount to build up a nice lather
which is great if you prefer low-ph cleansers
i must say i have acne prone
whatever you can name for skin types
just didn't like the way it dried out my skin
it also has a very strong tea tree oil scent which i didn't like unfortunately
the cleanser almost tingles on your face making you feel like you're getting a facial leaving your skin fresh
it is the type of moisturizer that feels greasy after you apply it
it doesn't sink in
my skin is pretty oily as you can tell already so maybe it will work if you have skin that isn't as oily as mine
this "hydrator" does nothing for that
unfortunately it is not hydrating enough
despite it's claims to control oil
no matter what amount i use it leaves me shiny
feeling slightly sticky while doing nothing to control the oil on my face
although it's supposed to be an oil control lotion
i wanted this to be my new moisterizer for my super oily skin
it's almost as if i need two moisturizers for the different parts of my face
i don't get as oily as i used to
i did not like the fact that if you rubbed too much the moisturizer would ball up on the skin
this did look a little more matte than a regular moisturizer once i rubbed it in
it did nothing for my pores or to stop me from getting oily throughout the day
im typically only oily in my t-zone
it's just such an intense smell to be rubbing all over your face
must be the tea tree oil in it because my skin typically doesn't do well with it
you do not smell the scent throughout the day
i would only recommend it for those with oily skin
it didn't feel greasy or too thick on the skin
it didn't really hydrating or help mattify my skin too much
doesn't clog my pores
it's just not the all day moisture that i look for in a product
the smell did over power my senses a bit
i do like o apply it before my makeup because it's not too heavy
it doesn't give me the moisture that i need
i scrubbed my face to make it wasn't me
i don't think it made my skin any brighter.
i even got a pimple which i am attri
you are supposed to shake the product every time you use it because it needs to mix
it didn't cause any irritation or breakouts
the effect does wear off
which is so annoying
it's really hard to find eye creams without silicon in them
however, this left my face soooo greasy.
i just can't get past the scent
one star for if you can get this stuff to blend into
greasy when you put it on
gives a nice light even-ness on your skin
i love how it makes my skin look glowy
it is a tinted moisturizer so there's not a whole lot of coverage
whenever i apply this over anything else including primer or even other moisturizers it just slides around
it goes on in a greasy mess
i feel like it just smears and gets oily
it reminds me of makeup i used on the 90's
it made me so greasy that it is unwearable
going to work bare-faced because i couldn't get this product to blend
i continued to use the product as i thought my skin was purging all the bad bacteria
it's a good makeup primer
don't actually have any real wrinkles
the smell is really yucky though.
the serum stayed tacky as though it didn't fully absorb
it's not sticky or silicone feeling
i can't quite put my finger on it
it's the same smell as their cleansing water solution
it doesn't flake though
like the tiny applicator tip which makes it easy to squeeze out just a bit
not "bad" just... too "green".
it also makes me itch
it's so expensive plus it's a small bottle!
and it smells like it too!
this oil does nothing other than be oily.
please don't waste your money.
this is basically really fancy grease with some gold flecks in it
it made my skin so oily i couldn't believe it
i wouldn't recommend it for people that have oily skin
this is so oily and is honestly all hype.
so oily that it will make me break out
i find this too oily for my face
i can't get over the hint of fish oil
it was too greasy
maybe 1 pimple/blemish a month if i do.
this stuff clogs your pores.
don't be fooled by the gold flakes.
i only used it at night because it was too oily.
it's just like any other facial oil.
it does make your skin so smooth
not good with oily or combination skin
it just felt like applying something oily
love that this doesn't have chemicals or hard-to-pronounce ingredients
don't waste your money
tho they say it doesn't clog your pores it made me break out instantly the night after
it doesn't really absorb fast at all
if you don't use a beauty oil don't bother
maybe is just an oily primer to wear before makeup which seems to be the reason people buy it anyways
it simply is only some kind of oil to wear under makeup
this overhyped oil doesn't do anything different than my other oils i own
this oil started to smell rancid already which is super annoying
it's just your typical oil.
essentially it's just oil that smells good.
the smell is pleasant but the gold is worthless!
rarely ever break out with acne
for being a 'dry' oil it still made me look extra oily
i find that it doesn't hydrate my skin
when i put it on my beauty blender
almost dried too fast cannot feel the moisture i may keep it just to use in prodcuts to bring them to live
it smelled stale it also didn't soak in to my skin anymore
i don't like this oil
i think that sephora should not carry youtube/gimmicky/trendy products
it has a weird scent that i couldn't use.
it's an odd product on me
this isn't an oil.
the skin doesn't take it like an oil
so don't put this on at night like you would a recovery oil cause you'll wake up with a bunch of cat hair on your face
i need a primer that hydrates this doesn't
it's slightly sticky when you apply it
didn't even feel like it penetrated my skin
alsodid nothing for my makeup as a primer.
i rarely have break outs
i don't usually follow makeup hype
it didn't prolong my makeup at all
my makeup fails to exist just like a unicorn when i wear this primer
don't notice difference with makeup application
does not work and clogs pores.
not in the sticky primer kind of way
it isn't a bad smell
s that continue with such ridiculousness will be left in the dust
this is just silly
i do feel like it's over-priced
it does not fill pores or make my makeup stay on longer
does nothing as a primer.
it was just blah.
why would something that's good for my skin have dye in it?
for someone like me it is too thin
it is not a bad smell just think it would be an irritant to some
luckily no allergic reaction from this.
this product does melt away all of your makeup
it did not take off my mascara
which was not waterproof
did not hydrate, brighten, etc.
you'll see the first ingredient is "water"
it does not behave as an oil cleanser
it is just not an oil cleanser.
it does not minimize the look of pores, either.
except maybe for those with very oily skin
for someone who doesn't have acne prone skin
this is actually worse, it's filmy and drying.
this product helps people who feel greasy/oily when they apply moisturizer
it's almost like applying a mattifyng primer to the face
it's texture isn't bad.
the powder film isn't only in one area
it's all over my face
not greasy at all
my skin looks shiny even hours after i use it
it leaves my face white no matter how much i blend it in
however this stuff is thick
i also wouldn't recommend it for oily or combination skin because after a couple hours my t-zone was super shiny
for some reason i have a hard time finding sunscreens that do not break out my normally clear skin
it's very thick and doesn't absorb quickly.
anti aging properties until it's done
if you've tried the nighttime intensive version
asked me why my face was sticky
i don't like the smell
so sadly i had to throw it away as yet another product that claims to vanish my pores
when you put it on it removes any oily spots on your face
"pore vanishing moisturizer"...not really.
it's like a thicker gel consistency
bad plan dior, bad plan.
this is a greasy mess that will not absorb.
let's start with the texture
it does not sink into the skin
causing your promer/makeup application to look horrible
i can't use that word enough wile discussing this hot mess of a re formulation
this almost feels like a sleeping mask rather than a moisturizer
unfortunately i did not feel that luxurious sensation i usually get from using dior products
it doesn't sting or make you feel like your face is overly dry
i don't even wear heavy make up
it coudn't remove the mascara not once
i couldn't use it because of the smell
it makes your skin feel sticky i don't recommend it
there's no way in the world that my skin just formed new blackheads in like 8 hours so this is all just fake it doesn't actually pull them out it just covers them up
this product did not remove my blackheads
maybe because they're so stubborn it'll take a few more uses
can't use most blackhead or acne masks as they make my skin too dry
doesn't leave oil residue on your
not sure if i would call this "cleansing oil" because i have to double cleanse again with the marble bar or my purity cleanser
wrinkles- it didn't meet those st
it doesn't moisturizer like i need it to
maybe it's for more oily complexions.
it feels pretty sticky for at least 25 minutes after you apply it
like you have a layer over your skin
gross because i could still feel that layer from the moisturizer
it's just a sheet mask where you apple the product first
it was a bit gimmicky
my acne scars did seem to lighten a bit as well.
if i have zits i probably need something that isn't going to hydrate my face
you'll find a better outcome with a simple one-piece mask
it rips soooooo easily!
my nails aren't long either
didn't fit the contour of my face well
if you get headaches from smells this won't be the mask for you
love the mask though
it didn't cover the jawline or even close
i dont use face masks that often
be careful, as the mask can easily rip.
i could hardly get it out from packaging without ripping it because i have nails
wouldn't stick to my face
cool image with ridiculous over packaged mask
it doesn't melt into the skin
the hydration that i get from this mask doesn't seem like enough since i have to wear it for 40 minutes
i didn't read that it was for combination to oily skin type
others it's really oily
some of its claims are gimmicky
i don't feel burst of anything when i apply it
i don't like the water texture
so sticky i hated it already
perhaps it's just a "purging" period
i think it's causing blemishes
if your skin is oily in the least it will sit wrong
usually don't have acne anymore
you constantly want to wash it
i wanted to love this product because i tend to be more on the oily side
also did not sit well under concealer.
it did not brighten my skin nor did it fade my hyperpigmentation
do to it's greasy texture it can rather difficult to sleep in
i feel like i could buy another makeup remover oil or balm that does the same thing for a third of the price
another annoying thing is that it burns so bad around the eyes
it also doesn't feel the best on oily skin.
kind of a hassle if you're in a rush
so that masks the smell some
smells really nasty and it gave me a headache.
the under eye serum just didn't show real improvement in the fine lines
is perfect amount of hydration however this gave me a weird bump on my eyelid
this doesn't have enough moisture for me or do anything special their regular moisturizer doesn't do
at night i use a heavier eye cream on top as this serum did not seem like enough for pm use
this eye cream does nothing for me.
i almost feel like it's drying
i guess you might be okay with these products in cooler climates
it might be my skin type
it bubbles fast ; so it's a literal 2 mins .
can't see or feel any difference of skin or make up application
it didn't foam up with my forero
didn't even remove my makeup
either this cleanser isn't getting my skin completely clean
think this cleanser just doesn't agree with my skin
you waste half of your product on the bathroom vanity
the little bit of lather it has once you start working it into the skin
which doesn't help to remove mascara
it doesn't have much of a scent, which is nice.
useless to me as a make up remover if i can't use it to take off eye make up
this doesn't leave my skin feeling tight
i can get quite oily
now my skin has gotten flaky in some areas
doesn't produce a rich lather like the pekee bar
which doesn't seem hygienic to me at all
people with oily skin may like this cleanser a lot more than i did
it didn't remove my makeup well
which means that you'd have to wipe it clean after each
it's ok as just a regular cleanser
just feels kind of soapy
plus for some reason reusing this on my face bothered me when other stick products don't seem to phase me
maybe it's because it's cleanser.
i don't feel as if if cleanses if i used it on my uncleansed face the first time
it couldn't even take off my makeup.
this cleanser is great for someone who doesn't wear makeup
who doesn't have very oily skin
wouldn't recommend for someone who wears makeup
it doesn't remove much of it
for me, this cleanser isn't that special.
you could argue you're supposed to use a make up wipe or a cleansing balm beforeh
what it's utility is
just because it says "dermatologist tested" doesn't mean that it's non comedogenic
it's definitely light weight
it's too strong and nauseating.
it's neat that it peels off
it's too expensive for what you get
the tubes looked cute so i ordered them.
it's very strong even before you apply it to your face
the smell is horrifying i couldn't even leave it on my face because it started giving me a headache
the smell is too unpleasant that i had to wash it off immediately before i can see any effect it has
i do an aha mask/peel once a week as part of my regimen
where you apply the pressure because this can irritate the skin due to the aha
while this did seem to help my closed comedones
i can't literally put this on my face again because it smells terrible
hard about whether i can get over the stench in exchange for the very good exfoliation
often feel that it is not clean still because the cleansing properties are really subpar
it doesn't remove my makeup well
it doesn't touch my waterproof mascara except to smear it a bit
i don't like feeling like the product that i paid for is disappearing
maybe 5 washes it's about half the size it was
i give it 2 stars because it's expensive
the actual wash seems just fine
i couldn't tell if this was a totally new way to cleanse your face or if it simply a gimmick
it's basically a soft bar soap with the inconvenience of being round
it's not easy to open with wet h
not squishy enough to really feel like you can rub on your face
as others have said on here the jelly ball doesn't really dry out
it does not leave my face feeling clean
as a frequent travel i can't take my normal bottle
it's just the cheap plastic holder inside the box
it's awkward to use and i will be returning this.
i can't justify the cost when the ball has already shrunk like crazy after 3 or 4 washes
it's almost half it's original size
it doesn't remove makeup all that well either
f you are expecting a quick routine cleansing
it's not strong enough to clean my skin
it doesn't fully dry down had little beads in them well the blue it did
i lecce it for 30 mins to it says 15 not drying which i thought it would cuz it's clay
its not a bad smell if you like smelling like skittles
doesn't really sink into the skin
made my face so oily every time i used it
this one just didn't work with my naturally skin type
everyone's skin is different
i can't say this does anything good for my normal-dry skin
the idea of smearing that on dry skin to sleep with seems unnecessary when you can find masks that are fragrance free
plus it pills if you rub it after it dries
the smell is the only pleasure you'll get out of it
it doesn't feel any softer or smoother when i take the mask off
smells like you can eat it though.
the main reason i dont want to use it is because in the morning the mask pills into little pieces
may just throw it away, it's that bad
not while ruining my skin
an artificial smell that is hard to describe
it stings my eyes which is unfortunately a deal breaker
i do love that this cleanser doesn't leave skin feeling dry
this simply was not hydrating enough even when combined with a moisturizer
i don't see any toning at all
finding it's causing some break outs
it feels nice i like that it's light not oily
the scent is a real turn off.
it did nothing for my wrinkles
my skin doesn't seem to be jiving with this serum
comes in a cool bottle with eye dropper thing
whenever philosophy changed their formula to this gooey mess they ruined a great thing
this doesn't make me break out or get oilier
if i can bare the smell
not necessarily acne breakouts
doesn't leave skin feeling greasy at all- great for summer use
i can't get over the fact that it's heavily fragranced
if you can get over fragrance
this moisturizer didn't break me out or irritate me
it left my skin feeling sticky which personally didn't bother me
maybe it's just not good for dryer skin.
it has a sticky texture that doesn't go away
you can't stop smelling it once you put it on.
it didn't moisturize my skin enough
to people who this mask works out: if it's summer
my lips always seem to be dry no matter what i do
perhaps my lips are just weird?
i don't have ridiculously chapped lips
it's too thick and the scent is awful.
it's all you smell all day
this scent feels too flowery to put directly on your face
i love how it's thick
not gel like either
my issue is that i can't seem to wash it off my face the next morning
you can feel it sinking into your skin without drying out
still too goopy even for nighttime
it's a bit cooling when first applied
i think if you were very oily or even combination skin
if you don't have sensitive skin that gets aggravated by fragrance or alcohol you'll probably like this more than i did
yes made my skin softer
they'll tend to make your skin feel a little softer or have a soothing element to them
i don't even feel any tingle from the aha!
there's nothing "bad" about this mask
it doesn't ever get to that tight
didn't feel any tingling or burning whatsoever
i don't think this product is for all skin types like it advertises that's why there are mixed reviews
if it wasn't for the fact that this mask made my skin soft i would only give it 1 star
i don't like how it's loaded with artificial dye
it's a moisturizer that's supposed to naturally bronze
it didn't look natural
it's such a shame too
it does tend to be a bit greasy at first
i like the fact it has spf
i don't know if it's my darker skin
maybe this just good for oily skin
it did nothing to cover my imperfections
it just doesn't cut it
i can't tell whether it's the perfect shade or slightly dark
don't squeeze the bottle too hard to get the product out because the cap can pop off
i don't feel like my skin was any smoother or firm
that it didn't clog pores
however it leaves an oily residue on the skin that could be a negative thing to some people
there we no sticky or heavy feeling on my skin.
this isn't a bad product
i didn't notice a change in any fine lines or wrinkles
didn't leave a greasy feel to the skin
first let me mention i have oily skin.
even though it says it's made for all skin types i do not recommend for oily skin
i just can't use anymore due to the strong fragrance
then it left your skin overly greasy like having thick tanning oil on your face which never dried up
it doesn't control shine
doesn't control shine well
it contains nothing that's going to take down the appearance of dark circles or wrinkles
doesn't tighten eye area
can't say if it works on crows feet as the sample i received was so tiny
did not seem to do anything for puffiness or lines/wrinkles
it does do a decent job removing makeup
if fragrance doesn't bother you
there are many things to like when you first use the fresh jelly lotion
this moisturizer wasn't too heavy
not for use on greasy skin
doesn't smell too strong
don't have time to do a full skin routine
yet has non-greasy texture
personally i couldn't get past the cucumber smell
guess the matte effect comes from a residue of fine clay that is left behind
i still felt a little silicone-y
i don't reach for it as much as my other serums because the smell is bad
it doesn't irritate my skin
s get so sticky
i almost can't use this anywhere on my face- it causes pimples- except i dab it around my crows feet at night
it did give a smooth texture when i applied it after shower
sometimes feels as if it stings my face
i just can't get over the smell.
it would irritate my skin
i need something that i can wear all day along with makeup
smell is so personal, but skin is forever.
i didn't notice any change in my dark circles or puffiness or lines
on a good skin day i didn't have to load up on the moisturizer like i would usually do
it doesn't take forever to sink in
it's too bad because the texture is so rich
will use when it's really cold
just wasn't enough hydration
it's a splurge i go to often.
maybe i'm not using it right because it doesn't lather at all
you don't have too many skin concerns it'd be a good cleanser for you
if you do not want your skin drying after cleaning do not buy it
it does not balance the oily areas
it also seems to leave a residue that won't rinse easily
this stuff isn't bad.
it isn't mind blowing either.
feel like it's missing some kind of crucial cleaning/moisturing agent that my skin must need
which i don't blame the cleanser it just didn't suit well with my dry sensitive skin
i didn't do much for my dry acne-prone skin either
i would say instead of a "glossy" texture according to the description
hard to lather without a lot of water
just like any ordinary cleanser
doesn't remove my eye make-up easily
it's velvety and does not clog my pores.
it doesn't make me break out or more oily which is why i like it so much
it vaguely resembles elmer's glue or really old silly putty
it's like elmer's glue that is watered down
even though it's a sheer formula
it didn't feel any more moisturized than it was before
it will start pilling if i touch my face even lightly
the moisturizer itself did not have any smell to it
it didn't leave me feeling greasy
this stuff is junk!
i often had to use overnight masks to fight the flakiness that ensues
it has a weird sticky consistency that i couldn't get past for my oily/combo skin
do not use if you have oily skin!
it wasn't until i tried another moisturizer that i realized it was the ole henrikson one causing me to be even more oily
can not use it during the day since it leaves my face sticky
needless to say this will clog my pores
might be good for summer because it's light
a sephora employees recommend this to me because i have oily
doesn't hydrate my skin enough
if it's for young skin that doesn't need as much moisturizing it should state that somewhere
this cream made it so hard to blend out my make-up because of the texture of it on my skin
although it's almost out
this was a bit too oily for my taste
unpleasant texture when you apply it to the face
in places where i don't normally get blemishes
you'll need to put on moisturizer straight after.
i'll keep using just to see if it'll actually brightens my skin
am not prone to acne
it doesn't seem to affect my makeup at all
it has a sticky feeling after you apply which can get annoying if your hair brushes against your face
little pimples in areas that i regularly didn't get acne are now flooded with small spots :
the fact that it doesn't really dry or sink into the skin
the scent reminded me of the orange triaminic medicine my mom used to give me as a kid for colds
it does the job with my combination skin
please please plase get rid of this frosted glass bottle that is horrible to the touch
it's supposed to be mattifying which is great for oily skin
i also don't like the texture of this either.
it's really slippery feeling on the face.
yes some mildly comedogenic ingredients might not do harm to everyone
why a product that is meant for "oily/acne prone" skin would have such ingredients in it
i do think it's a tad heavy so use a light hand.
you have to be careful not to apply too much otherwise you'll end up like a grease ball
there's treatment for that
which i don't typically have
i think it may just be drying me out since its intent is for blemish prone skin
oily on my combination skin that i found myself wiping the grease off my face multiple times throughout the day-mind you i wouldnt say i have the oiliest skin out there either
how this could even be remotely good for anyone with the slightest of oily skin
made every where else greasy
definitely do not use if you tend to have oily skin
it didn't clears the acne
cream now just because i don't want to through this expensive produce away
i didn't mind the scent
it didn't leave my face feeling tacky
i don't normally break out from a moisturizer
wouldn't recommend this because of how thick
decided to try this moisturizer because i had read it is good for oily skin
i even happily splurge on their body lotion.
it didn't soothe it either-
it just lays on you skin, doesn't absorb at all.
it is heavy but not oily looking.
it does feel heavy on the face
worth the splurge if you need that extra umph in your moisturizer
even by midnight that day it was still tacky
slightly oily it would most likely melt the makeup right off it is different from other creams usually after creams you are left with a soft feel
it does not smell good it is different you can not smell it only when you applying idk it does not smell like the soy face creme which i enjoy the smell of or the soy cleanser
i actually had to use oil blotting papers to soak up whatever it is that is not absorbing
i would not buy this for myself.extreemly thick.
smells like it too
i found this one to be waaay to heavy for me.
there's definitely no hope in this jar.
this smells so bad.
this smells like stale, dirty dishwater.
especially because i almost gag every time i apply it to my face
it just never soaks in
the scent of this bothered me so much i had to re wash my face
i must be extra sensitive to whatever it's supposed to smell like
and scents typically don't bug me.
it doesn't smell good
i can't get past the smell
it does appear to be a good moisturizer though
i did notice my pours feel clogged
it was just so watery
doesn't go well with makeup, gets muddy
it lingers and does not go away.
if you give a sniff in a jar
however, i cannot get past the smell.
the smell lingers all day and doesn't go away.
i cannot take the smell.
something in it makes my eyes sting even when the moisturizer itself isnt in my eyes
the stink is so overwhelming
the smell is so bad i can't think straight all i can do is focus on the stench on my face
my skin does not soak up this product for the life of me
otherwise my skin would break out
i just couldn't get over the smell
can't stand the smell :/
didn't mind it's weird smell either
milky consistency that doesn't absord well into the skin
now it smells bad.
it smells not unlike a wet dog that's sitting right under your nose
even my legs don't like it
i feel the cream doesn't go into my skin
and i rarely get any pimples!
it smells so bad though.
hope in a jar used to have such a nice clean smell
i don't necessarily like fragrance in my beauty products
it feels watery when you apply it to your face
i don't usually have that issue
or if this is just the scent
my skin gets really flaky
i find it kind of watery feeling though
i don't think it is s good moisturizer for the colder
i think it would work well for oily skin types
it does not sting or irritate my skin.
i couldn't tolerate the smell
having such badly clogged pores doesn't make this product worth it
i don't wake up oily or anything like that
not my fault the product didn't deliver… left a very oily film on my skin
it didn't help with acne
it doesn't cause acne either
oily t zone so this isn't a good product for those with the same skin type
this dried my skin so bad that it actually chaffed under my lip
dont spend your money if you have very oily skin.
it doesn't seem to help with my skin's tightness
doesn't make a big difference with skin discoloration
i mean zits all over
do not wax anything on your face while using this product
it's actually become more oily.
i even combined it with philosophy's hope in a jar night creme
it is not overpowering.
it definitely doesn't help puffiness or dark circles
i don't think any eye creams actually change the color of your undereye
this one did not moisturize enough
i am always on hunt for an eye cream that's not in a jar for hygiene purposes
wasn't too heavy or greasy
you could just as easily put your regular moisturizer
i guess it's an okay eye cream
don't expect dark circles
didn't de puff or lighten my circles
this product doesn't help with any puffiness or dark circles
can't use the last 1/4 of the bottle because of the terrible bottle
basically when there's about a quarter of this pricey little pump product left
i do not like seeing all the unused eye gel in there that i can't get to
i need something for dark circles
i do like this eye cream
can't run away from my wrinkles
i don't have dark circles
i didn't have wrinkles to begin with
they basically say this is just fullers earth relabeled as "umbrian clay
don't waste your money on this.
making my blackheads worse somehow
i don't think this jar type mask cannot stay fresh for one year because this is a matifying mask
this has an awkward scent that i don't care for
i can only use it once a week though because it's very drying
it has an annoying smell the bar version does not have
it didn't treat my acne
which always hydrated my skin even though i don't need anti-aging at this time in my life
seems like i am allergic for something
it is more like sticky feeling
this thing clogged my pores like crazy.
apparently it does not really moisturized
this product does not even remove the daily oil buildup on my skin let alone makeup
wow this doesn't do a great job at removing makeup
it goes on your skin
i don't even wear anything waterproof
it's easy on the skin
doesn't burn the eyes or sting the face
it doesn't take off my mascara or eye make-up like i would want a cleaner too
the product doesn't remove make up
it's not the "smell of grape" which i wanted
this left a really unpleasant residue on my face
i really wouldn't recommend it for oily
it does not cleanse at all.
i don't wear a lot of making up
yes, it's very milky.
kept using this product because dang this stuff is expensive
it's too gentle to remove nothing.
it doesn't clean the oil off my face
am oily everywhere else
it didn't feel like it cleaned or penetrated my skin at all
it doesn't rinse as clean as i'd like
rinsing i can feel a film on my skin which i so not like
it leaves a film on my face that feels too oily.
it's light and never irritated my skin.
i definitely wouldn't use it as a cleanser
if you don't wear make up
the bottle even states that it doesn't need to be rinsed off
does not remove makeup
i do not use any waterproof makeup products
when i usually just need a simple facewash to take my little bit of makeup off
i felt like i couldn't get it clean from the cleanser itself
it didn't remove makeup on a very light day.
not oily which is a good thing
this cleanser does in fact leave a yucky film on your face
even if you want a gentle
clogged pores is a real thing
your face isn't really being cleaned
it felt yucky so i returned it.
there is still so much makeup showing up on the cotton pad that i feel the need to wash my face with a real cleanser
don't waste your money on this.
it does not clean your face it leaves everything there
find something that won't irritate my skin
takes too long to remove all makeup.
i can't get past the film it leaves on my face
i don't like the smell
dont like at all sticky
it's kind of greasy and i don't like the smell.
it feels like it does not come off your face when you rinse
doesn't feel like it even washes off in water
i usually love caudalie products
it feels like you need to wash your face after washing your face
leaves a gross layer if you're not using a clarisonic
i don't feel clean at all
i would recommend their foam cleanser over this one for sure
it is too gentle to wash off anything.
may work for those who don't wear makeup?
i always thought the definition of "cleanser" was something you could count on to remove dirt
maybe its because my skin is oily or because i wear make up
rinse it off because i've found using it less doesn't do the job
i find that it's less tight than a cleanser with sulfates in it
it doesn't seem to mess my skin up
it removes makeup but it's not really special.
ever it makes feel like using glue on your skin
which gives me the impression that this cleanser was the culprit
not really pimples or blemishes
doesn't remove make up very well
forth switching cleansers every day so my skin doesn't get used to one cleanser
it's not doing anything miraculous like i was expecting a purifying cleanser to do
it didn't reduce post dark spots
i don't have horrible skin
it was like putting goop on my face that didn't make any difference
it just doesn't clear up break ups as fast as i would like
so you have to turn the dial often to get product out
does nothing for your skin
doesn't leave much of a residue
this didn't make my acne worse
sometimes i get the occasional pimple which can be stubborn
this boscia spot treatment didn't do anything to help get rid of my pimples
didn't seem to clear my blemishes.
it's one of those crank sticks
i've concluded that it's useless
don't give me instant results
this is the one acne cream that didn't make the slightest difference
usually to treat only 1-2 zits
sometimes the "natural" stuff doesn't do the job
while it didn't make my blemishes worse
this treatment was not irritating
the acne blemishes did not disappear instantly
on the plus side it didn't irritate my skin or sting
didn't cause my skin to peel like normal acne treatments which was good
useless since it has no effects on my acne
i still got zits.
the fragrance isn't bad
i dont find that it helps my acne at all
i sometimes forget to apply it daily
i didn't notice any difference in my fine lines/creasing under my eyes
though i do typically love the boscia br
it's not a good dark circles cream for me.
didn't help with my dark circles or puffiness one bit like it claims
plus it's very annoying to get it out when you're almost done using the product
it's definitely not a fast-drying product
t looks like you put grease all around your eyes
like it's based of silicone or something.
doesn't irritate my eyes
there is no obnoxious perfume which is really nice
doesn't really seem to do much in terms of reducing puffiness or dark circles or wrinkles or anything drastic
i don't see that it's "brightening" at all
it's a nice cream, but doesn't do enough.
i didn't like simply because it made my skin super oily
the worst thing about it is that it makes my face look white because it does not blend in
just not a big fan of anything rose scented
i felt like it didn't sink into my skin
this moisturizer doesn't last for 24
it just kind of sits on your skin
i didn't notice more moisture or glow than my usual routine :
unfortunately it wasn't good on my oily skin
if it wasn't for the breakouts
doesn't leave you looking shiny or greasy
my skin is slightly tacky feeling all day which i reallydon't like
i think it's just a little too "rich" for my skin
it doesn't do much to moisturize my skin
i think it's a good light moisturizer for spring/summer
while it works okay it's not better than a facial soap i normally use
it does seem to deep clean
this might be good for someone with oily skin
sooo maybe she has oily skin:
i think it's the extra moisture in this face wash
i am not a person that gets acne.
i usually love this
this formula doesn't even feel the same in texture
it's like slicker or something
so that isn't cool either
i would only recommend this if you have very oily skin
it doesn't clean your face at all
basically it didn't hydrate my skin.
there was a rather strong chemical-y smell to this that made me terrified to get it in my eyes
couldn't believe that this cleanser actually dried my skin out
it dries my face to heck.
i don't get the hype over this cleanser.
i don't see a reduction in pores like it says.
does nothing for acne-prone skin
it is also not foamy
i just prefer not to have fragrance in cleansers in case it irritates my skin
it doesn't burn or otherwise cause damage to the sensitive skin there
this isn't some silly scare tactic- go read about them yourself
i wouldn't see the difference if i got some facewash from the drugstore instead of this
it's just a simple cleaner
it's very drying and doesn't even smell great.
basically like a dish soap.
and it smells like that too!
i find it too soapy
i do not want to put anything like hair color chemicals on my face
it cleans my face yeah but it's nothing special.
it doesn't remove my makeup
doesn't cleanse at all, breaks my skin out.
this product doesn't clean my face at all.
yes it removes stubborn makeup
my skin doesn't love it either
i guess i just prefer foaming name brands more.
if you need something to remove makeup
i prefer fragrance free skin care because then i know i'm not getting any extra harsh chemicals on my face
my face didn't feel squeaky clean
this cleanser does nothing for me
especially if you wear makeup
didn't see a change in my pores
it definitely does not remove mascara
can't attest to its makeup removing powers
i've had drug store cleaners that don't make my face feel this terrible
it's just a wash that doesn't irritate.
usually just worry about redness
it's a decent face wash
it's not very good with makeup removal
maybe not as drying as some cleansers
i think the wash works well as just a cleanser
the wash didn't do much for my redness
all it did was irritate my skin.
i rarely get zits
it's typically because of the cleanser i'm using
does not seem to clean very well or eliminate any redness
i do still get some redness, but it's reduced.
if hoping it helps your redness in the face
sometimes i don't feel like my face is clean or has a deep clean
i don't feel it's potent enough.
does not feel greasy.
i don't see any difference betweekn my cheeks
it's lightweight enough to be used morning
the pump bottle doesn't have a tube attached to it so there is absolutely no way to get the product out
the packaging of this stuff though
didn't change my pores or my skin
i didn't help shrink or blur my pores
i do not have to worry about the bottle exploding in my bag
it's an okay product
it smells odd too.
it didn't shrink my pores
i don't know what i could be allergic to in this product
picture porefect cannot be used as a sub for ain't misbehavin'
i am prone to white heads--not the bumps i've gotten since using this product
didn't see any difference in pore size in nose area
i don't like that you have to wait 20 min from the time you wash your face to put it on
didn't work all that well for my oily skin
didn't really minimize my pores even after extended use
i also dislike packaging where you have to dip your fingers in to get the product
it really did transform my rosacea prone skin
couldn't continue using it with how bad it made my makeup look with all the flaking
it looks like if you have some redness around your nose you need correcting this is the product for you -_-
it doesn't leave me oily
let my hormones do their thing
it's too greasy for my somewhat oily/combination skin
if you think you have rosacea
doesn't irritate my skin
since the cream is pricey i do nit think i will reorder once i use the rest of this container
didn't help with my blemishes
my face just got oilier
since you do not have to stick your finger in the jar
this may seem strange
it does not seem to firm skin or "hydrate" either
it doesn't sting or irritate in any way.
it's a stretch to say it 'diminishes' dark circles
i got this product to not only hydrate
it doesn't do anything to lighten under eye darkness
doesn't irritate my eyes
i would probably recommend this product to those who do not have hereditary puffy/dark circles
the bar has a weird shape to rub directly on your face
don't waste your money, go for the mask instead!
did i mention that it smells like plaster?
i like how this cleans my face however
imagine washing your face with a brick--it's just as easy
you may want to do this as a pre-shower/bath step or you will be washing mud off of your countertops
oil stays on :/ i don't reccomend this for combination skin
makes the sink area all messy
first of all, it's not soap.
however it looks like this could be a great product for someone with oily skin
even though sometimes it can get messy by the sink
it's a decent body scrub/soap
my only issue is it breaks apart sometimes when it's wet
what it did was clog my pores
doesn't form a "mask" as it should too little water
the clay doesn't transfer to the skin
you feel like you're scraping your skin with a rock
hardly any clay comes off
it just doesn't feel like i'm cleaning or removing anything on my skin:/
the consistency is annoying
plus it doesn't feel like it cleans well so a lot of the time i end up washing my face twice
not smell while i wash my face
it doesn't foam or suds up
it's so gentle that my face does not feel clean afterwards
sadly i will never know as i couldnt get past the stench of it
however the smell is horrid
it's fine as a cleanser
this might be cool for some of you
my face did not feel cleansed at all!!
it is not foamy at all.
does not feel like my face used any product after using this cleanser
or it would be if it didn't force me to use an exfoliator or scrub the heck out of my face
it gave me too many pimples
just not my kind of thing to slather my face with health foods
since it doesn't foam up
this is definitely extra gentle as it says it doesn't even burn my eyes
it is so gentle that it doesn't "instantly" remove my makeup like it claims to do
as for mascara, it definitely doesn't work.
i do give it that it is gentle
it takes forever to foam
the product is so gentle i didn't feel like it complety clean my facee
didn't buy this cleanser
it didn't really remove lighter makeup such as a cc
i don't like the gel texture because it takes forever to foam up
it does leave your face very clean
i don't think it is suited for oily skin.
unless you've got oilier skin
if your bf wants something to make his face less oily
it feel like my face is on fire and it itches.
the clay become watery very quickly so don't use it in the shower or else you'll end up wasting most of the tube
it's just too bad my skin seems to be sensitive to something in it
it doesn't remove makeup whatsoever
this product doesn't have any coconut in it
it didn't remove any of my eye makeup
it doesn't leave you with that tight feeling
i feel it does not help remove excess oil
does not help clean pores
i don't like that it does not remove eye makeup.
this cleanser won't be making any repeat appearances in my skin care routine
i wouldn't promote it as a cleanser because it doesn't feel like it really cleans
the reason i'm giving it 3 stars is because it claims it's a primer
it doesn't give you a smooth surface to work with
i also hate trying to get it out of the container because it gets all under your fingernail
notice it's tacky feeling
this is not light weight btw--it's creates a barrier
it's difficult to apply it onto the skin
doesn't make me look oily or anything.
unfortunately i do already have oily skin
made it look glowy still somehow
i try a lot of new things for oily skin
i definitely don't recommend if you're gonna wear sunscreen
this lotion made it very difficult for me to put on my tinted cc cream as it did not glide on my skin at all
the only way i can get this to work for me is if i do a pretty tedious exfoliation routine prior to application
otherwise i am left with flakey bits of skin everywhere
i believe my skin did not react well with the matte substance of the product
as other reviewers have pointed out i dont really want a perfume in my moisturizer
if you already have oily skin or actually want a matte moisturizer please save yourself the trouble
this moisturizer was way too heavy for me
its supposed to be "matte"
i know it says it's for all skin types
my face felt tacky the entire day
made my face super shiny too
it almost feels like a primer with a slightly tacky feel
actually made me quite oily in my t-zone within 3 hours
not at all matte
this really didn't work for my super oily skin.
i feel like i have a layer that i can just scrape off my face
it could be good maybe for people with less oily skin or skin that is more easily penetrated by the thick balm consistency
it's so annoying wasting product because of that
i did not love the serum because it didn't seem to absorb into my skin
the serum dried kind of quickly if i didn't rub it in immediately
i notice how even my skin tone looks
i've never had such bad acne in my life.
it doesn't soak in well
it sort of stays a little sticky
it's supposed to promotes even skin tone
after a full bottle using twice a day i didn't see any real change in dark spots or hyperpigmentation
it doesn't remove makeup properly especially waterproof eye makeup
please do not waste your money on this cleanser!!
if you like the scent
i cannot get over the smell though
doesn't get into my eyes
the under eye bags do seem to de-puff a little
cannot comment on it's benefits as a dark circle remedy
this product is fantasic for reducing puffiness if i didn't get enough sleep the night before
it's not super moisturing either so my makeup tends to look kind of weird by the end of the day
there because they often clog pores
especially if you keep it in the refrigerator
i do like that it's quick absorbing
this product didn't help me with my under eye fine lines/puffiness/dark circles at all
this concentrate does not even hydrate it enough
it did moisturize but that's about it.
it just didn't sink into my combination skin
its an ok product kind of pricey.
hate to admit that it is unworthy product
it made my eyes puffery instead of depuffing them
i occasionally get this product as gratis for doing clairns artistry work
it's firming qualities are only so-so
i couldn't get used to the whole "don't rub it in" part
while so the skin doesn't get used to it
it is somehow too oily for me.
this is definitely not for oily skin!!!
you don't rub this in just pat on a layer!
it does have strong smell like granny type
definitely would not recommend it to people with oily skin
i usually love clarins products
forget using it before your makeup unless your skin is totally parched
it kinda tightens your face
i can't be too convinced to say that the beauty flash balm is worth the price
since my skin is prone to being on the oily side i don't think this product helps
this one is useless for me
i felt like it didn't help much for oily skin .
probably good for oily skin
makes me wonder about the chemicals in the product
you'll freak out it'll sting so bad
it doesn't really moisturize
i think a good thorough cleanse with something less "chemical-y" would work just as well
it's just too drying
if it gets in your eyes
it also burns super super bad if you get it in your eyes
it did help my pores
the facewash cream is just not for me
i agree with other reviewers that this stings your eyes even when trying to avoid them
it burns if it gets in your eyes too.
it also doesn't really foam up.
also, if you get it in your eyes--ouch!
my pores did not shrink at all!
i only use it at night because it looks extra greasy even under makeup
because i wanted to buy something to shrink my pores
my pores didn't shrink
not to mention it seemed to create more clogged pores
gives me more blackheads instead
rather bad when paired with my oily t-zone
i think the smell was tolerable
went back to only the ddf ultra-lite moisture again
i don't notice much difference with my pores
this is not a a good cream if you have very oily skin unless you like the full-on shine look
still cannot stop the breakouts
after near month of use my pore haven't shriek one bit
worse my t-zone now easily oily up.
my pores are still there
it didn't clear up my acne or make my pores appear smaller
i don't have blemishes
since it doesn't have spf
it actually made my face greasy instead of mattifying it
i think i overused the cream
it made my skin even oilier
my face looked downright greasy.
it doesn't have much of a cooling sensation
i can't stand the smell.
still use this occassionally
it doesn't seem to provide any moisture to my skin
rich ingredients just wouldn't soak into my skin
even though it's so rich
if you get any near your lips be prepared for a disgusting taste
so i tried l'occitance's utltra rich cream.
it's so thick that it doesn't absorb well
i don't typically break out
this did the trick however felt thick
oily on my skin as if it did not absorb
really bummed to see that this lotion is made with parabens when their other products do not
not a bad moisturizer, but will not reorder.
doesn't "sit" on my face
doesn't get absorbed well.
i think it was sticky.
and i couldn't take the smell.
i can get some cheap sunblock from the drugstore to do the same thing
it just felt so greasy ad like it didn't sink into my skin at all
this makes my skin feel like a grease trap!
leaves a little bit of a glossy look on your face
the dewy part is pretty inevitable
it's great if you dont mind taking the risk of haveing certain chemicals in your cosmetics
the norm for me if i do not put on moisturizer
i don't know what that scent is, but yuck!
wash this stuff off
i would think it's a great moisturizer for those with super dry skin
if your t-zone acts like an angry oily t-rex then this might be a little too much for you
it doesn't work for every skin type.
the lotion however didn't measure up.
unfortunately it irritated my skin
did not cause me greasy skin
doesn't have as much slip to it
my makeup doesn't look as good
unfortunately this cream made me greasy
i wouldn't use it if you have oily skin
it's so strong that people can smell it on my face throughout the day
not enough like a moisturizer
but it will be greasy.
otherwise i liked this eye cream
not good for people with oily skin
sunscreen in this did not leave a white cast on my face however
i can honestly say it's exactly like murad's regular skin perfecting face lotion
each time the lotion is way too heavy for my skin
after waited 5min, it is so flaky.
i wouldn't necessarily describe my skin as dry
this isn't a good product if you have oily or combination or wear makeup
while it didn't strip my skin
it is foamy like everyone says
it's not too foamy
even though it's pretty pricey
it simply doesn't blend well regardless of whether you have used your fingers
that if there is a smell
doesn't irritate my eyes
it's not a bad eye cream
otherwise it'll somehow get into my eyes about 20-30 after application
now i have like 4 zits
smells like some type oil or something
seems like it never dries
it doesn't make your eyes sting.
other than that's it's pretty rich
there's still plenty left
it's white so you don't really notice
i never get pimples
doesn't irritate my eyes like most eye creams
it did not add moisture
it's not hydrating enough
it's disappointing because i love their cleanser
sad because it advertises as a cream you can use on upper lids
doesn't offer much hydration either
i never thought about splurging on creams like this
maybe it's helping with puffiness?
i mean my eyes are still super puffy
i don't discourage others from trying it because eye creams are just so tricky
everyone's skin takes to certain creams better than others
i didn't notice any anti-aging benefits: my skin didn't feel firmer or more supple
this stuff is irritating
however it made my eyes feel watery
i cannot tell a difference at all with wrinkles
did not make dark circles even lighten the tiniest bit
this eye cream actually made my eyes more puffy somehow
this one does not cut the mustard
maybe for like 2 minutes after you put it on it's kinda tingly
it's light but you smell it the whole time.
if scrubs hurt your skin this will be good for you
the scent bothered me
this was like putting clear useless goo on :(
as other "tingly" masks i've used become much less intense after a couple uses
the mask doesn't try
otherwise this will make your skin feel worse
in my opinion it's just not a good product for anyone with dry skin
can't clear skin fast enough
besides that this product has a bad smell.
my skin doesn't seem to agree with any anti-wrinkle products unfortunately
i didn't feel the intense hydration as the bottle advertised
did nothing for my dark circles or crows feet.
it didn't seem as hydrating or firming as it once had
i love ptk products as my eye lids are no longer so droopy
not a fan for a day eye cream.
it did not appear to fill in my wrinkles like some other eye creams do
it's thick and greasy and doesn't work.
doesn't sting for me
didn't irritate my eyes
a little goes a relatively long way because it's so runny
unfortunately this product hardly absorbed into my skin
doesn't actually moisturize my skin deeply
also the smell is a bit eh.
it's much too mature for me to use a lotion -- i've only used creams for years which may be why it's in such good shape :
i think it's too heavy for my skin
it's difficult to get out of the jar as a result
then on your face it feels sticky
hard to work with it's texture is literally like yogurt maybe slightly thinner
though not so easy to pick up due to its cottage cheese-like texture
rather "evaporates" into whatever else other than my skin
that doesn't make my face feel nasty
it does not feel like the moisturizer sinks into my skin
my skin simply doesn't absorb it
i can't put makeup on after using this cream.
i don't find a problem with the smell it's not so strong of a sour milk or yogurt
my face didn't feel moisturized at all after i put it on
this moisturizer barely lasts on me
this moisturizer didn't break me out
i usually get really oily
sometimes because of the oil
after washing my face i could instantly feel my skin a little softer
reminded me a bit of sunscreen in the way that i really had to rub it in to make it penetrate
not sure if this is meant for more combination/oily skin types
as an eye cream i find it okay
did nothing but clog my pores.
looks real greasy until it soaks in
i sometimes apply this before makeup
it feels really sticky
sticky and it did nothing
t doesn't easily apply onto your skin
it's basically just an expensive moisturizer.
does not leave a greasy feeling
it's a little bit too greasy
also, it causes my makeup to crease like crazy.
making those nasty little crows feet disappear is important to you
i don't like the amount of pulling i have to do to rub this in
when you wash your face
goes on nice, not sticky or greasy at all.
it did work well to moisturize my skin however it did cause some breakouts
she said it's normal
i do however like the hydrapure lotion a lot
even if you barely put any on it feels like a layer of lard is on your face
would recommend this to someone with oily skin that doesn't have to worry about acne
i wanted a simple cleanser to use in the warmer months when i don't want so many "actives"
i guess that's the squeaky clean feel other review were saying
i wont buy the oily skin one again
i don't really trust this soap being that it left so much residue in my shower
store it in something else because the dish doesn't let it dry well
all it did was make my skin oilier
everyone's skin is different
you'll need to test it yourself
i didn't look any more youthful
i don't really have puffiness or circles
as it is not sticky or greasy
it's not fit for a night cream
consistency is too thick, didn't like it
my eyes are not really puffy or dark
it's good at removing the dirt
i guess i need to read the fine print 'cause when i read the name "scruffing lotion" i was thinking it would exfoliate to remove the dead flakes
it's just a clear liquid that resembles a toner
it's just a bit too harsh for my skin
i feel that it didn't help lessen the problem of oily skin
it did sting if you have broken skin from pimples though
this cleanser doesn't remove it thoroughly
when i rinse it feels like there is a film on my face
only during times skin is super dirty
it leaves a weird feeling that prevents you from smoothing your h
it left almost a weird sticky matte feeling on my face
great product to get you makeup off before you wash your face
this is the only makeup remover that i have tried that actually removes all of it
it's the better of the other clinique face washes
didn't like the texture at all
it just smells like plain soap going on your face
this stuff burn my eyes.
this does not take off waterproof or long wear makeup
need to use a face towel or microfiber cloth to wipe it off it doesn't just rise off
it just sort of sits on your skin feeling greasy.
does not feel heavy or oily under the eye
if you want to reduce wrinkle
maybe i will try to rich version!
it's what i call a decent and okay eye cream.
it's helped somewhat with puffiness
i won't say it helps with wrinkles
that is all this cream does
it doesn't reduce any wrinkle and dark circles
it did nothing other than moisturize my undereye area every night
i can only wear this at night because i find it is too greasy
doesn't make it slide off
like it's really sinking in
only good for puffy eyes not dark circles.
it's really slow-absorbing
it certainly doesn't brighten any dark circles caused by allergies
however if you tend to get milia
it's so lightweight and lasts all day.
doesn't cause any eye burning/stinging
it does seem to do a decent job of holding concealer in place
this stuff made my eyes so puffy
one thing i do like about it is that i can wear it under makeup without my eye makeup running
so it's not my power house wrinkle cream.
if i put it on before my makeup my mascara would raccoon very quickly
i much prefer tubes or containers that you don't have to stick your fingers into
otherwise is not greasy
i found the scent rather unpleasant
for my skin though
this is definitely not a product that can be used for combination skin if the non-oily part of your face is normal or dry
it doesn't add any extra moisture or sink in
with all the good reviews about how it's amazing for oily skin i had to try it
within 3 hours my face is sooooo oily glad i didn't purchase it
it didn't help moisturize my face anymore than the cheap face moisturizer from trader joe's
i can't use it as my only hydration.
this moisturizer doesn't last longer than 10 min.
it doesn't seem to absorb into the skin like the lotion does
the moisturizer doesn't seem to be completely effective
sometimes i can feel the layer of moisturizer on top of my skin
if you smile it feels like it's pulling your skin
don't feel that it benefits or harms my complexion
it's almost like moisturizer bc doesn't have any mask feel
it's a gel like consistency that goes on easily.
if the smell isn't too overwhelming
i don't think it does anything for my oily/combination skin
i think it's because i have really oily skin
am generally pretty clear except for occasional hormonal break outs
where i normally don't break out
it also left my t-zone super oily for about 3 days
they seem to make me greasy.
i don't really see any difference in my skin at all after use other than them making me more oily
the smell is nice; i'll give it that.
nothing i have that is rose smells this bad.
doesn't irritate where i'm oily
it's easy to remove unlike some masks
it's just a nice mask if your skin is dry.
stinging is not a sign it's working it's a sign its irritating your skin
it didn't make my skin oily afterwards
it's hard to tell if it's the mask
it's not an ordinary face mask that dries up rock solid
other than that pretty normal skin with occasional breakouts
if you are prone oiliness of any kind this is not for you
probably not for anyone with combination skin or anyone prone to acne
my skin did not get any benefit from this lotion
my face was very oily all day even when using a small amount
i don't wear makeup so needed an spf that doesn't make me look shiny
it's just too much moisture for my combo skin
breaks me out horribly
7 oz doesn't last too long
i don't usually have acne prone skin
it's hard to find moisturizers with anything higher than spf 15
the spf addition is not irritating it
even though i love the spf
skin would feel a little tacky/sticky after applying
this product would make my skin sting
it may not be bothersome for some
it didn't seem to moisturize my skin at all
this is okay if you are a not a daily wearer of false lashes
i find that this stuff still cannot get off leftover lash glue
most people don't wear fake lashes everyday
if you are in any way acne prone
eyeliner it leaves your vision blurry for a good 10 minutes after using the product which i won't be using anymore
it simply redeposits it under my eyes
the balm didn't take much off at all
it's not nearly as good at removing makeup as oil cleansers in my opinion
it hardly took off my mascara that is not even water proof
i usually use an oil cleanser that takes off everything
this balm made me really have too use two cleansers to get all the makeup
it's also not too good at removing mascara
a tad irritating on me- too bad!
i liked that it wasn't oily that it absorbed quickly into my skin
don't like that sometimes some of the eye cream that stays in the pump tip dries out
i wish it can come in a simple open jar form so that it's easy to use
however the design of the bottle is plain horrible
i don't mean a gentle burn
it's just very ordinary.
although i like that it's lightweight
if i sweat or cry
within a few minutes the area doesn't even feel moisturized
my eyes would burn like crazy
i don't have any wrinkle around my eyes
don't buy this if your eyes are the least bit sensitive or you'll be crying all day long with red eyes
no change on your lines or eye puffs, though.
it does not brighten the undereye
it doesn't firm or smooth the fine wrinkels
i just use it for the spf
just don't put it in your eye because it will sting
it doesn't brighten or firm my eyes really
it sinks into your skin like all spf
even with using just a little the cream made my eyes burn
t doesn't cause your eye makeup to slide around
this eye cream hurt so bad
though i like that it contains spf
i didn't notice any real difference with hydration or firmness
make up doesn't stick to it
stings if it gets in my eyes
the smell tends to linger
it does burn if it gets in your eyes
doesn't do much firming
it is not acne fighting.
i like using it in the shower when i don't need to do a lot of make up removal
i wouldn't buy this face wash again because it's too gentle/ light
this doesn't seem to really help prevent acne
doesn't throughly cleanse my makeup
i remove my makeup with dermaclear then follow that with this it doesn't cause any super dry skin
my guess is be i over exfoliate
it's really hard to clean excess oil
this cleanser didn't feel like it cleaned my pores at all
would definitely not recommend this for anyone that wants a cleanser that actually helps cleanse your face
this alone cannot remove makeup
it didn't remove my makeup and it dried my face.
that's a big plus for me over so many other cleansers
but if you use moisturizer, that will cover it.
even though it did make some foams.
i can use it in the shower
this doesn't pack a punch
of course it's not going to remove makeup
this product doesn't clean out well all my oil
a lot of the reviews say that it's gentle
normally a bottle of foaming cleanser can last me a good 2 months or so
it doesn't leave my face feeling clean
this is certainly not the type of cleanser for make up removal
i can't even apply my make up because i'm waiting for my skin to heal
it still would not lather at all
unless you have overly oily skin i wouldn't recommend
doesn't irritate the skin
the foam seems to disappear when you're working it into your skin
this soap did nothing except for smear it all over my face
i guess it works if you just use it to solely purify skin
it's like applying an oil all over your face
you have to use bar soap to get rid of the film it leaves
it does remove makeup
it doesn't strip my skin
i think it strips my skin of it's natural oils because afterwards my face is red
i don't want to waste money with the extra mild
"well maybe it's just my hormones causing it
it did not remove my non-waterproof mascara
doesn't really leave your face feeling "clean
i don't know, made my skin pretty ugly.
as if i didn't wash off all the soap off
this product does leave a film over the skin if you don't use a makeup remover first when cleaning your skin
sticky if you do not wash properly
usually a pimple every once in a while
first i did my usual routine {raw sauce
it doesn't matter how long i wait after i moisturize
was recommended to me because "it's a primer
it did nothing to smooth fine lines
did not hide pores
i could still see my pores
if your skin is darker than the primer
i didn't see a change in the size of my pores
it does leave my skin matte
after maybe 10 mins it was highlighting my flakiness skin
the smell is not bad
i didn't notice a difference in my pores
it did help my pores
you can not use this instead of foundation unless you are a literal porcelain doll
i feel like this doesn't make it oily or dry
if it didn't seem to clog my pores in hiding them i would love it
i can't say it does a great job when it comes to minimizing pores
it just made my face smell bad
it didn't minimize the look of my pores like the description said
this primer does not help my oilyness nor my pores
it frustrates me to no end that no matter how careful i try to dispense the primer either nothing comes out or it explodes
it gets on everything when it explodes too.
it's tough to get it to absorb
as we apply it it martinis the skin instantly i really like the look of that
when i go to squeeze product out a ton of it dispenses no matter how gentle i am
it doesn't erase pores
would use it every day if it had no tint
it did nothing for the oily areas of my face
for the price it doesn't do anything different than any other pore filling primer would
does not keep my skin matte throughout the day :(
it does have an orange color to it too
i found that didn't affect the color of my skin or make up when i applied it
don't waste your money
the moisturizer does it's job
because it's getting colder
my mind tricks me into thinking that it's not as moisturizing because it's a thin cream
because my skin tends to break out
i like that it doesn't have a lot of the bad ingredients for the skin
not enough moisture for winter maybe i you have really oily skin all year round
i gave this product an "average" rating because although it didn't make my oily
product sits on top of skin doesn't go into pores
look water proof which it isn't
however when using it i felt like the cleanser wasn't actually cleaning my skin
the cleanser is so milky that it is hard to tell if it is even on your face when washing or just running off with the water
it doesn't seem to be drying to my skin
if you are not a makeup wearer
this cleanser defintely didn't get my face clean enough
i don't like the greasy feeling
kind of.. sticky feeling which i don't like6.
i don't think this product will prevent wrinkles
even after weeks of using it i didn't notice any difference in my skin texture or tone
they never cause my touchy skin to act up
the scent is only okay
made my skin flake which some of these products do
i love that you can use this on your eyes
... i just couldn't deal with the fragrance.
there's not alot of product in the bottle so use sparingly
it did smooth my skin and didn't smell weird.
don't waste your money
i don't think much can be done to reduce them except concealer make up
it's no greasy or smelly at all.
or if i use it with the moisturizer or not
i don't like the smell or consistency
maybe it's because i don't have any wrinkles
i usually don't make a fuss about packaging
i didn't expect a cheap plasticy bottle
don't waste your money
i can still smell it
my skin was too greasy after using this under makeup
i rarely break out
my face feels like there is a thick layer of product even at the end of the day
it hurt so bad i couldn't imagine what it would be like if i were sunburned or wind chapped
the best thing about it is the spf 30 which is hard to find in a moisturizer that doesn't just sit on my face or cause breakouts
is supposedly good for skin
the only creme that makes me break out!
it made my combination skin way too shiny by mid-day
felt like i was wearing a heavy makeup primer.
although it doesn't seem to cause irritation
it does nothing for my acne.
does not have the horrible burning sensation most acne medicine has
i couldn't even spread it around.
it does nothing to get rid of my pimples.
it doesnt seem to have a smell either
this is so unremarkable it's hard to imagine the price tag
i don't like the texture, just too greasy.
at least it doesn't feel heavy.
it's among the oily creams that doesn't ever truly absorb into my skin
her skin have bad reaction to it
i think it's a good cream if it agree with your skin
not so much if you have any oily areas
just couldn't get past the smell
this lotion will make you feel oilier than anything i've ever tried
it doesn't make your skin feel oily
wouldn't let my makeup glide on.
it must have junk in it that doesn't absorb in to the skin
this oil does not sink into the skin.
did not soak into my skin
don't waste your time or money.
don't waste your money find another cleanser/make up remover
doesn't do even a half way decent job at taking of even nonwaterproof mascara
it's way too light to take off tinted suncreen/foundation
this stuff leaves a residue that stings
i usually use the take the day off cleansing balm
mascara this didn't take off
it doesn't remove makeup at all.
it's good to break down your makeup
don't work on eye makeup
it does sting your eyes
want a makeup remover that actually takes off all my makeup at the end of my day
each time i used it my mascara left me looking like a raccoon
wouldn't recommend to just wipe it off
i never feel any burning sensation or any breakout
it's not unbearable but i jut don't like it.
it also does nothing to remove my mascara.
this doesn't remove makeup well at all
doesn't remove makeup easily
it doesn't have the effect the balm does
enough to rub off the makeup
you cannot put this over your eyes like you can with the balm
this cleanser does not remove even light makeup.
doesn't wash off easily
i don't wear a lot of makeup at all
a few pumps of this stuff
if you like the cleansing balm, don't buy this.
this doesn't take eye makeup off
your makeup will not rinse away with it
i absolutely love how this is non-drying yet does not irritate my acne prone skin
great remover if you dont have to worry about taking off mascara
i feel like there are make up residues
it was not a good make up remover.
however i find it irritates my eyes
waterproof mascara doesn't come off that easily
it's not a good makeup remover for waterproof products
it's perhaps too gentle
there's still lots of foundation coming off afterwards w/toner
this would be a perfect cleanser for those who just happen to wear a lighter makeup base
it doesn't make my skin feel clean
it doesn't do well taking off mascara
alas it is not as effective on eye makeup
maybe it's just my skin though
it's kind of like washing your face twice
my face gets too oily if i don't wash it directly after using the remover
doesn't really clean well
does not take off mascara-
this is definately not for people with oily skin
don't like the smell
it even occasionally left a filmy feeling
i feel like its more of an spf instead of a moisturizer
the package tells you it's for "normal to combination" skin
i don't like the sticky feeling it leaves after application
has a peculiar smell that seems to linger through out the day
i don't have deep wrinkles yet
not thick enough for a night-time cream
i love the other shiseido creams with the bio-whatever-stuff they put in it
it may be an okay cream if major dryness is not your problem
maybe it's because my skin is not super dry
although it doesn't seem to do much for the wrinkles
i would not recommend this product to people with oily nor break out prone skin
this product was too greasy.
i can't really say how my skin reacted to the moisturizer as i had to wash it off after a few minutes
it's a little too liquid feeling
it doesn't really absorb that well
this lotion was too heavy for me
it's so creamy that i can't wear it under my make up because it would cause my eyeliner/mascara to run
it doesn't make my under eyes feel plumped up in the morning or anything
might as well rub gasoline on your face
as far as wrinkle resist i can't say i notice any improvement for lines or wrinkles
it also doesn't feel as hydrating as i would expect it to be
my makeup wasn't able to settle properly with this greasy cream underneath
another plus is that it didn't create any bumps like other eye creams have caused me before
don't waste your time or money.
what else can you expect from a product that is essentially a $57 jar of mineral oil
the only thing it does is hydrate
it is very greasy cream you cannot wear makeup over it
but i like the smell, it's not too strong.
i find the product it's very sticky
greasy no matter how thin of a layer you put on
mascara will not hold
this eye cream was entirety too greasy.
it didn't seem to absorb
i find it too greasy
while i find it is too thick for my skin type
everyone's skin is different
the cream doesn't get absorbed well
was disappointed to try these cleansing sheets only to discover that they don't easily remove makeup
doesn't leave my skin feeling irritated
it just doesnt seem to give a thorough clean
these wipes donot work!
some of the sheets seem to be lacking make up remover
i usually wake up with a little beginning of a zit
i don't have oily skin anymore
when i applied the moisturizer it did not feel like my skin was even absorbing it
unfortunately it's pretty worthless.
the most disappointing part is that it doesn't moisturize at all
it doesn't keep my skin matte
this product does not help with greasy skin.
makes me not feel oily
my skin doesn't start out oily at the beginning of the day- it becomes oily as the day progresses
i would not recommend this if you're very oily or acne-prone
it's not full on grease-face
i cannot seem to dub this as a moisturizer as it simply does not moisturize
i do tend to get a bit shiny after 3-4 hours of applying make-up without this product
it didn't do anything for my oily skin
it is so gentle that you can only have the fresh feelings after you put it on your face
although i did think this moisturizer did a decent job of preventing my face from drying out
don't waste your money.
unfortunately it made my oily skin look 10 times worse
it doesn't seem to help at all controlling my oily skin
forth so my skin won't get used to one product
it's very heavy glass which isn't good when you are counting every lb with traveling
it's not shine free during the day
i love that it doesn't have a thick feel when applied
if i have a peel done
this might be good for customers with less oily kin
i did not expect my skin to get so oily with this
it's not a problem of moisture rather than something in it that reacts to my skin
it does feel heavy on the face
maybe it was the ingredients that didn't work well with benifiance emulsion
it doesn't brighten my skin or cleanse it very well
not for acne prone.
does not brighten my skin.
doesn't actually remove makeup
it does give you that "squeaky clean" feeling after you use it
can still get quite oily on the t-zone
i would only recommend this if you have very oily skin
i will be trying one of shiseido's other cleansing foams to see if they have one that's less harsh
however i found it doesn't do a good job of removing makeup
although i'm now thinking that maybe that's because of a white powder that is in the cleanser
people who do not like the tightening feeling that some cleansers
this is not the cleanser for you
with the so little 15spf it's almost like wearing no sunblock either
not to mention i was trying to use the whole white lucent line in hopes of finding the line
i can't seem to get the products with sunscreen to work without tearing of the eyes
it does have spf
it gives you result like make up not a moisturizer
it wouldn't hurt if they weren't so stingy with the amount of spf
i can't use this product because it is too drying for my skin
it doesn't work well as a moisturizer
feels like it's basically powder dissolved in some liquid solution when you apply it
it does everything a good moisturizer isn't supposed to do: it doesn't rub in smoothly
how can a moisturizer fail more?
wants to see if it's a better summer moisturizer
a residue is left no matter what
did not moisturize even half as well as the bmc
it's very watery & just doesn't work well.
my skin just wouldn't absorb it at all.
i can feel it sticky on my face
doesn't seem to be brightening my skin as promised
doesn't spread well on my face at all
i think clinique is costing on their reputation because this cream didn't really help depuff or erase dark circles
this eye cream did not work well under makeup
it's way too rich
i can't say that i have noticed a difference at all in the discoloration or lines around my under eyes
i will use the product until it's gone because it is super hydrating
it does nothing when it comes to puffiness
it's not a terrible eye cream
didn't help at all with my fine lines or wrinkles
doesn't really help with puffiness or fine lines
this face wash doesn't even get dirt or make up off
it's more of a moisturizer for under your eyes
on the plus side, it doesn't irritate my eyes.
sometimes it even stings the area around my eyes.
i did not care for the rich version of this eye cream
i think that's because it's the "rich" version
unfortunately didn't get rid of my dark circles
you might like this if you wear minimal makeup
since using this cleanser my face is not nearly as oily s it is
doesn't seem to make any difference in my oiliness
so what is the point of this cleanser?
since this product does not foam to my liking
i need something that will remove my makeup
i didn't mind the scent
if you actually expect it to clean something as opposed to just smearing your makeup
pros: did not aggravate my acne
i am not acne prone at all
i feel like my face does not get clean due to the fact that it does not lather up
after i wash my face i feel like the gel cleanser did nothing for me
it doesn't lather up much
it also has a tendency to sort of slide off my fingers as i'm applying it
i've noticed that it doesn't clean my skin as well as i like
it didnt seem to cause any breakouts
it doesn't lather at all
doesn't feel like it's cleaning my skin very well
this one's not for me.
when i do it's usually attri
i can honestly say that it's a super gentle cleanser though
it doesn't lather at all.
it's a gel that you pretty much rub all over your face
this would be a great cleanser if it didn't cause my sebum production to go wild
does not remove my makeup
perhaps good for someone who wears light makeup?
i always use a cleansing oil to break down all my makeup
it's like washing your face with a moisturizer i'm really irritated because now my face looks worse
please get rid of this dud
you need a good makeup remover
not as harsh as some cleansers can be
it didn't wash my makeup off all the way.
it didn't even feel like it cleaned my skin at all
even though i only wear light makeup
it was the only cleanser that seemed to agree with my skin
this cleanser not only made me breakout bad
it's texture is way too thick
it doesn't remove makeup
i am not a heavy makeup wearer
i don't wear a ton of make up
i always feel like i have a milky residue leftover on my face
my face just feels tacky
i can feel there's something on my skin
not make it feel like i put mayo or something on it
since i couldn't use my coconut oil with it
figured i would try this instead of the acne cleansers i had been using that dry out my face
it sometimes feels like the cleanser hasn't entirely washed off
does not do a good job of cleansing the skin of makeup
if i don't apply moisturizer within a minute of washing my face i can feel my skin tighten
the employee told me that your skin shouldn't feel "squeaky clean
it did not feel like this product removed my makeup or left my face clean for my other products
didn't dehydrate it at all
this did nothing to remove my makeup or clean my skin
i like the texture but that's about it.
i can't use heavy creams due to milia
seemingly did nothing to hydrate my eyes
not the jar kind
didn't seem to reduce puffiness at all
5oz product at $30 that you'd have to use 2x amount unnecessarily2
you have to wear a little or it will burn
doesn't brighten my eye area
the area does not even appear more moisturized
the formula is too light for my taste.
i think it makes my eyes more puffy
doesn't sting the eyes?
here's the kicker though
it does not sting or irritate
this product did lighten the circles
it doesn't really absorb all that well so that the fine lines were accentuated
so that it's tricky to get the right amount out
i generally don't really need an eye cream
this stuff doesn't have added fragrance
i like it's a pump
i could probably deal with the phenoxyethanol
i don't notice any difference in my fine lines or wrinkles
i just can't get over the strange texture of this mask
it almost doesn't want to stay on your skin.
didn't seem to reduce the size of my pores that much either
it just doesn't make much of a difference pore size wise
the flakes that fall off everywhere while it's drying are just annoying
it doesn't deep clean pores or detoxfy in any way
doesn't even clen out pores
it didn't remove any of my black heads or shrink any pores
it doesn't feel like it cleans your skin good or takes off all your makeup
didn't do a great job at minimizing my pores
i didn't like the smell of this mask--it was subtle
it is refreshing but not clogging enough for me.
the product didn't even coat my face smoothly
the instructions say to put on liberally which makes the use of the product run out pretty fast
when i do this all it does is flake off.
calling it a peeling mask is misleading as you are expected to rub it off with your fingers
then there's the dispenser which busted after 3 uses
plus it's almost impossible to actually use the last of the lotion in the bottle
not too oily avoid this product at all cost
not only is it hard to dispense in the shower
it's nearly impossible to fix
it's just more of an inconvenience to use
it's always come in a tube
it's so hard to pump out the product
this doesn't remove makeup at all
it doesn't remove makeup as it claims.
it honestly smells like stinky feet
the only reason i actually kinda hate this product is because it literally flakes off if you apply moisturizer or anything over it
i just don't enjoy having little pieces of gunk on my face
i didn't find it mattifying at all.
dermadoctors ain't misbehavin' cleanser is amazing using it alone
this would probably work better for someone with oilier skin -- i have combo skin that's very dry now that it's winter
doesn't seem to really soak in
kind of makes me want to puke
this doesn't wear well with other products
my acne continued to be just as bad
the serum did not seem to prevent them from happening in the first place or reduce my surface oil
although it doesn't linger
my acne scares are even darker
'll need to invest into chemical peel of some sorts to get rid of the scares
my acne didn't appear to improve
didn't play well with my moisturizer
not to mention the cap clogged like crazy
it wasn't harsh to cause irritation
you're left with this gross liquid that does nothing to your face
yes, it's gentle, but i think that's my issue.
i don't feel much of a deep cleaning action going on
it's a good face wash
it's an okay cleanser
didn't leave my skin feeling as smooth as other products i use
this just didn't do much for my oily
frankly it is just too mild of an exfoliator or scrub
it is a total misnomer to call this an exfoliating wash now because it is not
it doesn't really help with my acne
this one is just liquid
my product didn't have hardly any micro beads in it
they all stink to me
it almost smells like what it would smell like if chemicals could go bad
for one, couldn't stand the smell.
i don't like this one as much as purity made simple
does not cause irritation
it's gentle enough that i use it ever day.
my face doesn't break out very easily
it simply stings my poor skin
i am not a fan of silicone-containing products just because i don't enjoy the feeling
this one doesn't sting
i think a lot of people like this product for its silicone texture because it masks the skin to look flawless like a primer
it feels tike it never gets into my skin
it's almost like a coating before i put on my make-up
didn't really help reduce blemishes or quality of skin
it does give you a matte like finish.
it's just a simple moisturizer
just wasn't enough moisture for me
plus i liked ththat this moisturizer does not comes in jar packaging
plus i liked ththat this moisturizer does not comes in jar packaging
doesn't leave behind any shiny residue
doesn't seem to actually moisturize my face
i guess this cream is not for someone with sensitive skin
don't like the smell
not good as i expectedhave mild skin irritations~
so far all i have noticed is the sticky/tacky residue it leaves
it was too thin & did not hydrate enough.
this isn't a bad eye cream
puffiness is not normally an issue for me.
only occasionally when i try a new eye cream that is too thick or has some ingredient that doesn't work with my skin do i get puffiness
this is great if you do not wear any under eye concealer
i generally don't spend $100 on eye cream
just like putting plain water
this actually made my skin dryer.
it's pretty infuriating to get my moisturizer to blend or settle
if i am not super careful my entire face pills
this made me sooooo oily even more than i usually get
it gave me so many pimples
my mufe base mattifying primer did not work well with it
for the love of god do not use this if you have acne prone skin
avoid this if you have trouble with acne
unfortunately, it does nothing for my oiliness.
my t-zone is still an oil slick
maybe if i had super oily skin it would work?
in my case it's not enough hydrating
i usually do not get blackheads
will not recommend to anyone who has super oily skin
oddly enough the oily parts of my face became even oilier
i definitely don't recommend for anyone prone to excessive oil
so thought fresh moisturizer would do the trick to combat shine
this just didn't keep me matte like other reviewers
definitely made me oily within 2-3 hours
overpowering when you're applying
the scent doesn't hang around too long though.
does not feel sticky or greasy on my skin
i don't pay much attention to it's claim to have oil absorbent properties
it doesn't make me less oily
i do not have oily skin, more combo.
would recommend if your skin is more oily.
doens't feel greasy at all
although it seems less greasy due to the oil free makeup
it does aid in making me less oily
the cream itself was too greasy even for nighttime
feel oily and have break out even in winter.
then i use the philosophy cleanser in the morning because it's very light
i don't like that this already comes out as a foam because when i rub it into my face it disappears al
its so hard to find a product that works for my oily
i feel like the foam doesn't do much.
i still got breakouts
this is my go to face wash because it doesn't cause my acne to look worse
i feel like it only gets the surface dirt
helps w acne however it dries out your skin so much
or it just doesn't work well with my skin
it didn't treat any blemishes
it's usually very oily
not that i care since i remove my makeup before cleansing
wanted to get rid of my acne with something powerful
it wasn't super foamy
didn't clean my face thoroughly enough
it drys my skin out so much that if i don't use a good moisturizer my make up looks really flaky
it feels nice to wash with because it's so gentle
it seems like it helps with oil
this product really does some work on my stress-induced acne
maybe it works if you use it as your only acne treatment
it's not too drying
since you can wear it underneath makeup
this doesn't seem to help prevent/get rid of all of my pimples
maybe it's because my skin is so fair or sensitive
i don't think it's helped my hyper pigmentation
it's really helped fade the hyper pigmentation
it also has a glue like smell to it which i didn't find pleasant
i think it actually may have given me some blackheads
it may be because of my skin tone.
this stuff wasn't cheap
you can taste it
don't waste your money
did not fade away any acne scars or spots
it left me with hyper-pigmentation which i couldn't bear
i like to think it's lightening my scars
it does lighten blemishes
it didn't make my acne scars worse
although i must stress that when using this you have to pair it with a good moisturizer beacuse the alcohol dries out your really quickly
once it has soaked it i don't even notice anymore
it's a good night moisturizer
it didn't do everything it advertises such as lightening my dark spots or changing texture on my face
my face was so greasy
did not seem to notice the exfoliating effects
it didn't do anything other than moisturize.
otherwise it's not a bad moisturizer
it's not any more potent than any other moisturizer i've used
doesn't clog pores though or give me any sort of reaction
didn't provide remotely enogh moisture
none of ptrs un wrinkle products have changed the condition of my skin at all
because of the smell it's not as refreshing to put on
which actually works on those fine lines all of us 40-ish women want rid of
at least you can hide that with makeup
it is literally just a regular soap that doesn't leave my h
i dislike this soap so much
like i wasn't cleaning at all?
it didn't cleanse my pores like i felt it should have
suffice to say it may clean my skin
this body wash didn't do anything that my normal soap wouldn't
was hoping it would get rid of some of the large pimples
it doesn't seem to clean deep enough for my skin type
it has not cleared my breakouts or helped with my oily t zone
not for people who have acne prone skin
i need a cleanser that is not going to add oils to my face
it didn't help with my acne
i usually have 1-2 blemishes at a time
maybe you'll like this
i do like how it cleans my face
it wasn't pimples either
was hoping it would get rid of some of the large pimples
this stuff made my acne worse
almost nothing which is great for those of us with sensitive skin who can't use anything with fragrance
i tend to sweat here
the most it's done for me was probably provided a light moisture barrier for my skin
that's normal since it does have a gel-like consistency
i usually love boscia products
this stuff made my acne worse.
it didn't reduce or prevent any blemishes
i think it's too gentle for my skin
i usually swear by boscia products
it may work better for someone with oily skin.
still, it did not seem to rid my acne.
love the fact that it's all natural
unfortunately it really didn't do much controlling oil or the blackheads/acne
seems to do well cleaning my face
i don't think it's life altering.
does not remove makeup
this does not remove makeup one bit
or use it as a morning cleanser when you have no makeup on
doesn't rinse off easily
i just have a naturally red face
at least it does not aggravate my redness like some other cleansers
will definitely be sticking with my cleansing oil
t isn't going to cause a flare-up of rosacea
it doesn't get my skin remotely clean
it also doesn't get makeup off at all
don't waste your money.
i don't think i can just use this cleaner because sometimes you have to feel like you're getting rid of the crud on your face
i think the "redness reducing" element of this cleanser simply means that there aren't harsh perfumes that irritate the skin
my logic is that bacteria could easily get in there especially if you leave it st
this would probably be great for someone who either uses another cleanser/makeup remover first or doesn't wear makeup
it doesn't even remove make up.
it doesn't really seem to cleanse my skin very well at all
doesn't really melt makeup off
this cleanser does not clean deep enough.
it doesn't take off all my makeup.
definitely didn't take off my mascara
i didn't feel like it left my skin clean
this is one of the only cleansers i've used that doesn't burn
it's a good morning cleanser
it doesn't really clean your face
it seems to be more of a wipe off moisturizer
i didn't use it as often because it felt greasy
do not find this $60 cream to work for redness reduction at all
it doesn't burn my sensitive skin which is a plus
suffer from rosacea pretty bad
it didn't even hydrate my skin.
i like to switch up my moisturizers every so often
it doesn't help redness at all
i'd give it 5 stars if it were just a moisturizer
i really hope they don't discontinue the moisturizer because of its ineffectiveness for redness though
i usually wear it by itself
better as basic moisturizer it did not cause combination skin to become oily
i couldn't stand the odor so i had to return it.
it just "relieves" it when you use it
it doesn't affect redness in any way at all though
it doesn't say that it will diminish redness
it's a seriously thick consistency
i think maybe with the redness solutions powder this will have more effect
it's not the lifesaver
plus this cream is not greasy
after i used all the cream i didn't see any difference in my red cheeks
does not remove redness or even skin tone
not to burst anyones bubbles
would not recommend it for those looking to tone down redness
once it's absorbed into my skin
i will always have it in my beauty bag.
i couldn't wash it off of my face fast enough!
it smelled so bad
i would even be ok with a heavy
i don't see any lasting effects happening with my tone or pores
also like honey its hard to completely wash off your face + it makes my makeup ball
with my philosophy renewed hope in a jar moisture mask i dont have to do this
it doesn't help fade acne scars
it's super thick in consistency
doesn't give a cooling or warming sensation
the smell was so nauseating that i had to wash it off
i don't find that this product leaves any residue on my face
it's possible i didn't rinse well enough because my breakouts were all around the edge of my face
the pimples aren't the normal kind either
it does seem to help with smoothing out my skin
it feels like there's a film left behind on your skin
also not a fan of all of the irritating
however i don't find that it diminishes hyper pigmentation at all
i don't like the breakouts
for rigth now its just like a simple exfoliation benefits
the smell it leaves on your h
lingers for about half a day even if you wash your h
idk if it might be the moisturizer that i am mixing it with
also the powder can make your moisturizer sticky if you've added too much
leaves a flakey mess that i have to brush off my face before i can apply my makeup
it didn't mix we'll with my moisturizer.
add 1/2 to 1 scoop of the fine powder to whatever product you wish to add it to
it would sometimes cause my skin to flake
my dark circles are not as dark
this cream did not help tighten my skin
it's the only product i've used around my eyes that didn't irritate my skin or make my eyes water uncontrollably
yes it's only topical i underst
don't waste your money.
i do like the cream
i know it won't work especially if you have dry under eyes when you apply concealer
that dark under eye circles are something you can never get rid of
if i wanted a moisturizer for my under eyes id opt for something less pricey
even that doesn't do anything for my puffy dark circles
there's a small spatula that comes together for you to remove the product from the pot to ensure product purity
i know it's for dark circles more than moisture or wrinkles
it doesn't make your dark circles any whiter
it just gives the illusion it does
this causes the illusion that it does something
doesn't cut it for me at all
doesn't help with dark circles
doesn't help with fine lines
poor excuse for an eye cream if you ask me
does not help with puffiness or dark circles
this product was too greasy for my skin
this cream is way too sticky for me.
it didn't feel heavy or greasy like some moisturizers do
my skin doesn't seem to be getting along with this moisturizer
any flakey skin i had before is still there when i wake up
it's one of those products
didn't realize until i tried out another moisturizer that this barely hydrates the skin
would not recommend if you're looking to hydrate your skin
its so bad for your skin
i still had flakiness on my face after an hour or so
because the product is light weight you don't need much product
it doesn't even provide your skin with excess moisture
do not wear under makeup.
i am pretty sure it's because of the high silicone content
/or know if you're ok with silicones before using
i probably won't buy this again as i think it's not useful for dry skin in winter although it's "surge"
this would probably work for me as a daytime summer moisturizer
the fact it doesn't leave my skin with a greasy feeling as other moisturizers have a tendency to do
it has an almost silicon-y texture which some people might not like
even then it left a weird greasy film
it it will break you out if you don't use it sparingly
i don't need my products to be scentless
it doesn't feel like it absorbs into or quenches my skin
because my pores are still there
it's not a bad smell
it's just not for my oily skin.
it does not mix well with my bb creams/foundations
i usually use my hands.
it's a little on the heavy side
now that it's been warmer i noticed it's a bit too heavy for my skin
it does seem to provide extra moisture.
it's a little too light to use as a night cream for me
if it burns, it's working, am i right ladies?
all i could smell was my face cream
maybe good for oily skin??
it smells like rose water which i do not care for
i couldn't tell you how well it moisturized because i washed it off after about 20 minutes
the only thing that sticks out to me is the smell
anyway, this lotion is okay?
it doesn't feel like it hydrates any better than other moisturizers i have tried
i can't put foundation over it because it just starts to pill
not greasy at all
not the kind of stinging you get with retinol
it did not make my skin red or irritated from using it
balls up if i rub my face at all--even if i apply it as thin as possible
made sure to buff out the excess product afterwards
it does nothing for me except make my face look oily when i wake up
maybe because i don't have a lot of wrinkles
it also didn't seem to react well with the retinol product i use at night
it irritate my eyes when i use it
have gotten used to the fishy smell of certain creams
can tolerate the smell
now it honestly reeks of stinky sewage.
(not fishy-but disgusting!)
if your skin does not need daily exfolliant
this stuff is the culprit for zits all over the place
something unscented or lightly scented in citrus would definitely bring me back to at the very least retrying it
this cleanser didn't throughly clean my face
i did not like the baby powder scent
this cleanser isn't bad.
it didn't irritate my skin
my face didn't feel squeaky clean the way i like.
it does take all the makeup off.
it dries the heck out of my face
this doesn't normally happen even when i will get dry
it seems that no matter how gently
when it comes down to it, it's a $100.
this did not remove wrinkles nor did it remove dark circles
i'll tell you what worked wonders though- filler injections
the pump doesn't even fit on the bottle
really didn't do enough for my fine lines compared to other lower-priced eye cremes
it also irritates my skin sometimes.
i don't think my under eye puffiness is any better
it does burn a teeny bit.
i don't think it helps my dark circle problems
this one doesn't smell too good
it doesnt seem to do anything for dark circles or wrinkles
does more for me than just make my eyes oily
the little pimples i sometimes get because the one i was using was useless
i must say it leaves your skin glowing
it doesn't do anything to control pimples
in fact i've broken out more since i've been using it since it doesn't contain salicylic acid or any type of acne controling ingredients
doesn't remove my makeup well at all
doesn't lather very thick either, which i prefer.
the fishy smell was impossible for me to overcome
it does remove makeup vey easily.
my face feels a little tight afterwards which is interesting since it states it doesn't strip the skin of oils
if you can get past the fishy smell of perricone md products you will like this
it's too bad because i use other perricone products
if it works for you i envy you
i swear this cream does nothing for my skin.
it took me awhile to realize that it wasn't my diet or lack of fluids that was causing the breakouts
it didn't do what i really needed it to do which was get rid of or at least lighten my sun damaged areas
i didn't see any toning of my skin
they should be able to design a container that doesn't squirt the product everywhere
it's not scented as much as many of the other perricone products
i find it doesn't irritate my skin as much as the other perricone products
i wasn't a fan of the sort of oily feeling it gave me before i rinsed though
my skin seems a little greasy after
it's a good basic cleanser if you need something that gets the job done
it's an ok cleanser.
i avoid cleansers that leave my skin feeling like that because i feel like my moisturizer won't penetrate into my skin after
maybe makes you a bit flush.
this cleanser definitely has a fragrance-it's a little weird
doesn't do anything for my skin- it doesn't make it feel any cleaner
doesn't take off my makeup
my skin doesn't seem to mind either
i think my kate exfolikate cleanser would do a better job deep cleansing
don't waste your money.
i would only recommend it if you have very oily skin
i don't feel any difference from other hydra lotion conpared to this high price
i didn't see any of the anti-aging
i did like the way this product layered with my foundation- i didn't even use a primer
the fragrance wasn't too over-powering
feels sticky after you apply it
it clogged my pores everytime i used it
the only downside is that i can't imagine anyone being able to moisturize their whole face with one pump
i swear this cream made my skin worse
cannot get past the plastic smell
i don't like products that leave me feeling greasy/sticky
it does not moisturize enough
the fact that you don't have to put your fingers in a jar to get the product out
i didn't like the fact that a lot of product dispensed with each pump
has such a strong smell of roses that seems like it should upset your skin
it's definitely not oily
probably fine for skin that doesn't need much hydration
after using it a couple of times i found out that it just doesn't work with my oily skin
i usually like scented products too!
it's recently started to make my skin very oily
you have to really rub it in so that you don't have white streaks on your face
it like makes you sweaty?
t's counterproductive for this cream to warrant protection when it's actually doing damage
it feels like there's saran wrap over my face
it has a really annoying smell that lingers all day long
but,i can't get past the smell!
it just makes me sweat
to me this doesn't make sense in a product for sensitive skin
not even the natural kind
it's not a bad smell
my dispenser didn't work after
this cream doesn't moisturize well enough
ter does not sink into the skin
if you are not acne prone
can tell it's a high quality product
i think it's too heavy for my oily combination skin
after using for about 2 weeks i felt like it did not control my oiliness
it's a bit too lacking in hydration to lay well under makeup for day use
also doesn't seem to extend the time until my t-shone starts to shine
i do like that it doesn't contain sulfates
it doesn't even control the oiliness for a whole day
it does not have a mattifying my skin
it didnt help at all it only made my skin more oily looking
i don't believe it actually made my skin look matte
it doesn't smell nice either.
this cream is too oily for me even in winter
it is kind of greasy
this one didn't, but my face was left shiny.
it didn't irritate my skin
it didn't cause me to break out or clog my pores thankfully
it's an ordinary cream.
this does not smell like black tea.
i don't like the smell of it.
only while it's on the skin
i can't get passed how bad it smells
it doesn't do anything the cheaper moisturizers in sephora can't do
this stuff is greasy
i can't even imagine how greasy it would be on someone with oily skin
can't say much for its effects on skin aging bc i have no wrinkles
is sooo greasy that it shows up all my flaws
it left me way too shiny
i would not purchase this because it left my face very shinny/oily
not as light and it made my face itch.
hate the stale tea smell.
it's too greasy for my face that it breaks me out
it was too oily and it wasn't absorbed at all.
doesn't seem to absorb all the way
i can't say i found that it absorbed quickly or felt lightweight
i in no way skimp on skin care
it is so greasy.
when i slide my finger on my face all i feel is greasy product
for someone with normal to oily skin this is definitely not absorbing
it can be greasy
it was waaaay to greasy to wear under makeup.
that's a nice way of saying oily
you can find lots of other masks that give you this hydrating effect
it doesn't make my skin smoother
doesn't really hydrate it
not a fan of the scent either.
i don't even get acne at all
don't waste your money.
it's like putting moisturizer on your face
the fact that it doesn't look like a scary mask when you apply it
it's especially nice if you refrigerate it.
didn't like the texture
i know there are wipes
this did not burn during use like the gel radiance did
i guess too much foaming isn't for dry skin by default
this cleanser does not remove make up.
my skin didn't feel clean after i used it
need something that cleans
doesn't quite get off all the eye makeup though
i couldn't get past the fragrance
it's an okay cleanser
doesn't remove makeup well
doesn't leave my skin feeling clean
i only use the tiniest amount because it really does produce a ton of lather
secondly i do not ever wear waterproof mascara
it didn't even touch my mascara
leave a weird residue on your face
like a mask or something
not too squeeky nor leaves residue that i've noticed
leaves a terrible filmor residue on my face that doesn't wash off with water
you know that yucky dingy feeling you get when you use certain soaps?
and it doesn't remove all my eye makeup either.
though i don't wear much so most cleansers remove my make up just fine
i always feel the need to follow up with a toner to get rid of the nasty feeling
i like this for when i'm not wearin make up
don't want to go through my whole cleansing routine
the lancome makeup remover does a better job of taking off makeup
not have to rinse it off
it doesn't take off eye makeup with ease either
especially for the water-proof variety as this is rubbish at trying to take off mascara
i like it for my hair though.
it didn't absorb into my skin even after 30mins of wear
have to wait for it to soak in so my makeup applies normally
doesn't seem the least bit moisturized
however i could see this being lovely for combination or oily skin types
so my theory is that since the hyaluronic acid can't take in any water from the air
i even have to use 2 pumps sometimes to cover my full face
it's know for clogging pores
it definitely doesn't give you that instant moisturized feel
i do not recommend if you have acne prone skin.
it's waaaaay overpriced for what it is
really doesn't do much for moisture
less the awfulness of the product rub off on you
this only seemed to make it dryer
i don't see any hydration at all
i figured it would be worth the price if it actually got rid of the dry patches around my temples
didn't have the effects that hyaluronic acid are supposed to have
i wanted a moisturizer with spf that would not make my face as greasy as the city block
this use to be one the best moisturizers because it did not add to the oily mess on my skin
now i feel like i'm putting a layer of sticky oil to my face
found it to be the first moisturizer for my mature combination skin that didn't cause my skin to breakout
this cream often stung going on
it doesn't smudge or cake up
for some reason my makeup doesn't stay on as long with this as compared to my other moisturizers
it's so bad that at that time i have to use either blotting paper or a loose powder or else my nose
i think the superdefense spf 25 would be great though for a person who isn't naturally oily
if it gets the slightest bit warm out it starts running
otherwise it's a good lotion.
this doesn't leave me greasy at all
i think it's the spf that is drying out my skin
this product along with the rest leaves a greasy residue that makes the face irritatingly shiny
doesn't make my face shiny.
although this one doesn't provide as much moisture as the amore pacific's
it doesn't protect you
i swear no matter what i did it would seep into my eyes
i just wanted to warn people that the oily to very oily must have something in it that causes breakouts
this one makes me sooo oily before lunchtime
as others say it makes your skin more oily
now i see it is greasy
this product makes it feel even dryer
did not like it under my makeup, too thick.
it doesn't really have a scent
the description doesn't enlist the ingredients
doesn't claim that this product is paraben-free
if your skin reacts to harsh chemicals easily- you may want to stay away from this
does not moisturize enough
looks like i haven't put any moisturizer on
it was too greasy to use on my h
my face felt oily after use/ i would recommend this to those who require a heavier moisturizer
keep away from your eyes because it majorly stings
15 spf" which does not have this ingredient
something with which i am unaccustomed in clinique stuff
couldn't smell anything over
the cream is not bad
the skin doesn't shine after using it
it's starting to peel off
i like that it has spf in it
it's not greasy at all
it's convenient because it doesn't take too long for my skin to absorb
doesn't feel heavy on your face
i can't breathe normally with it
it did not even cleanse my skin
i usually like jurlique products
it's an okay cleanser.
although i do suspect it's making me break out on my jawline
almost smells like a pimms cup gone bad
it's so bad that i don't /like/ using this cleanser
i think if i had oilier skin, it would be fine.
it doesn't irritate my rosacea
still can smell it
i mean it smells bad
the reason i gave it 4 stars is because it's a good wash
cleanser is fine and i actually like the smell.
actually i have to use it for body clean to not waste it
i don't feel clean at all after using it
they are not laden with a cheap cologne smell
i couldn't get over the subtle
i can't really review the moisturizer because the scent was so strong i couldn't even try it
although it says it's a "day cream"
it is way too greasy to wear under makeup
it wouldn't soak in.
the dark circles didn't improve
it says it's an eye *cream*
it just didn't moisturize at all
doesn't seem to be hydrating enough.
this has a somewhat glue-like texture which i don't mind
i will say it has not broken me out or clogged my pores
did not like this i couldn't get past it smelling like glue gross
it's very greasy upon application
even on my no i makeup days with only wearing this it makes the skin look horrible
it is not mattifying at all
it didn't make me less oily at all.
but it didn't help my oily t zone much.
i get even more oily when i wear this product.
which bothered me because i don't beak out
i usually only have one that will pop up in odd places
does nothing to keep my skin from getting oily
not have to worry about primer--i don't like loading up my acne-prone face with so many products
it's so weird since it is supposed to make your skin matte
this product actually made my skin peel
for people who are more oily or acne prone than i am this could work
did nothing to keep me matte
i've never in a life time seen my face so oily
it's kinda thick at first you have to rub it in then it melts like water
my t zone doesn't stay matte for long
whenever i use this i find myself having to do an extra work on cleanisng at night maybe because of the sunscreen in it
it does a good job of keeping me less oily
that's where i get the most oil
may work well for someone not sooo oily.
i just dont like the sticky like feeling it leavs after you apply it
it's difficult to find a moisturizer that doesn't make my t-zone look really shiny
about an hour you will be a shiny mess
it'll leave your face feeling tight
just feels like it creates a slick above my skin
where i'm not so oily
i went back to my non-spf moisturizer because it didn't cause me to break out
it smells just like spf
i don't really like moisturizer.
it doesn't control the oil in my skin
i look like i have bad acne
it's going in the trash.
i don't use it on my eyes to remove makeup
i could hardly wash the water off my face
make your skin dull
it bothers me every time i use the cleanser.
i didn't like the cotton like smell
it's impossible to get the right amount out of the tube
it doesn't irritate the skin.
this just wasn't the cleanser for me
the price-tag ain't bad either
it's not as drying as other cream cleansers i've used though
i would recommend that you try instead if you have dry or sensitive skin
this wash would lather too much
it clogs my pores in areas on my face that are usually quite clear
i don't have wrinkles yet
although it says spf15
i didn't notice my skin looking any more "elastic" or youthful
you are not concerned about fine lines or wrinkles
this product is so fragrant that i am floored that my skin did not break out or become irritated
doesn't work on my oily
way overpraised for what it is
does nothing for my wrinkles
couldn't keep using it
after reading the reviews i'm not sure if it's a hormonal thing or this cream
it's a thick cream better suited for winter time because as it got warmer i was sure to wake up with greasy skin anyway
the day cream from this line so naturally i thought the night cream would rock too
i find it a bit greasy
even though it's kind of pricey
it did nothing for my wrinkles
i've noticed that it doesn't seem to plump out my wrinkles if i am using under eye concealer
this cream burns really bad when you apply it.
i agree with the other reviews that this eye creme is too drying
the pump is horrible it squirts out everywhere no matter how carful i use it
that doesn't feel like it moisturizes much
my eyes seem to be even more wrinkled than they used to be
it's a nice eye product- stir it well to mix all the ingredients- it tends to separate
i really like this solution because it does help reduce the puffiness
doesn't feel greasy on my skin
don't waste your money
i think maybe it's just too strong of retinol for my skin
feels like alcohol on raw skin when i apply my usual lotion
it didn't do anything for me except dry my oily skin out
even then i peel
i need a cream that's going to make my skin softer not flaky
still i could not stop the peeling
i could not live with all that peeling skin
i don't think it did much in terms of fading my acne scars
this is one of those light weight moisturizer that doesn't leave your face greasy
tacky feeling after you use it
my t-zone tends to get oily
this moisturizer made my t-zone even more oily.
the fragrance does bother me
not a sticky one a nice one
i also noticed sometimes it makes my eyes water
not too light that it's gone in 30 min
i don't like the smell
but it's all subjective.
it doesn't make my sensitive skin break out
this product makes me breakout because it clogged my pores
this product have a really werid unpleasant smell upon application
didn't feel like it absorbed completely into my skin
but the packaging is ridiculous!
there's actually a smaller tub inside with an awkward pump dispenser
it wasn't pleasant to put makeup over
you could feel the stickiness linger on your face all day
i found my combination skin felt too tacky after applying
this one smells nice, but just doesn't cut it.
rarely have a problem with any moisturizer
though i do tend to be a little oily the next morning
did you know that this is a pump lid?
it doesn't irritate my skin
it's just too gentle
it's not super bad but it's annoying.
oh how this gentle product broke me out so bad!!!
i feel like it's almost too gentle
that it doesn't quite get everything clean
maybe people with acne.
eye liner then this isn't for you
i found that this cleanser does not remove any of it
i would need to scrub
no break outs, but just annoying.
if you're prone to clogs like i am
its not foamy at all, but it is refreshing.
moisturizer for what seems like an eternity
the oil free cream so this line must just not work for my skin type
i don't like the fact that it doesn't seem to completely rinse off tho
now this cleanser is still nice if you don't have bad skin: it doesn't dry out your skin
it didn't irritate my skin at all
after doing my research it is suppose to do that it is a detox so that's detoxing your face to prevent long term break outs
it is cute and simple, yes.
it didn't bother my skin however i am sensitive to fragrance
don't like the smell at all
i do find though the one good thing with this product is that my skin is less oily than it usually is
the only thing i love about this product is it doesn't dry out my skin
skin doesn't feel irritated
i love the pump that makes sure that your fingers don't contaminate the jar
this is one of the few moisturizers that doesn't break me out
it didn't moisturizer my face either
oily skin so that might be why
i can't keep them straight
i didn't care for the overly chemical scent though
didn't feel too heavy
however, it did not moisturize!
i feel like it doesn't give me enough moisture.
this doesn't even feel like lotion
i would say this is geared more toward oily skin.
it didn't cause breakouts or irritation
the smell is a little like plastic bottles that sit in the heat too long
my skin is back to its normally just oily state
your skin will just produce more oil if it's not getting the proper hydration
there is something in it that is greasy
doesn't leave your face feeling greasy/sticky
ultimately it doesn't moisturize well
which i don't usually have issues with unless there's a chemical sunscreen involved
i don't typically use them
that's actually no accurate because i felt like greek yogurt did more for my face than this lotion
this lotion is something else.
first, it will make your skin purge like crazy.
which is odd since i rarely find anything that dries me out
it could be tacky
it does soak in okay
it's not holy grail or anything
for whatever reason it doesn't feel nearly as luxurious at it used to
i feel like it's more sanitary than dipping my fingers into a jar
then does not lock the moisture
my focus is on the texture of this product which doesn't still convince me after 3
it doesn't soak into your skin like you'd think it would
it makes traveling with it ridiculous considering it's only 1oz of moisturizer
i am keeping using it for now because it is one of the few moisturizers that doesn't irritate my skin
almost like there's silicone in it
second, there's not enough moisture.
it's done wonders for my skin
it's so gentle i can use it around my eyes
it doesn't seem to absorb at all: feels greasy for a long time
i just think it's woo light for my dry skin.
the product will not remove mascara so be sure you remove it before you use this
i still get occasional break outs
as it's the only way i can get him to exfoliate
it also did not break out my oily skin.
it didn't help with dull skin
i do not have acne prone skin normally
def returning it for a price tag of $150 i expected it to not clog my pores so badly
i mean the scent can be addictive
do you really want to pay that much for scented lotion?
typically nothing bothers me
there is fragrance in it which was rather unpleasant
don't waste your money
it did not feel oily
neither provided any results i wouldn't get from any plain old moisturizer
i don't see any difference in the skin around my eyes
why my pores were getting this clogged until i actually read the ingredient list
this formula doesn't seem too special
it just seems overpriced for something that's mostly made up of silicones
it didn't seem to hydrate down into the layers of my skin
i didn't realize that the dispenser spits out an extra drop of oil each time the depressor is released
i see that there's an oily mess in my nightst
it does seem to maintain my skin
it doesn't have an offensive smell
may try the oil free one for summer as this one is a tad oily for my skin
t isn't an issue of it being too rich for my skin type
maybe you wouldn't want this to absorb into your skin
the whole bottle is greasy
does not make my face break out or shine
it did help with the flakiness
quench doesn't seem like it's for me
it didn't seem to absorb
then it turns into a silicone primer-y feel.
it's all the silicone in it
i guess it's a texture thing
it doesn't take off water proof eye makeup all too well either
i don't get the magic.
does not aggravate my acne
too pricey for a mediocre wash.
it doesn't take off all my makeup.
it's expensive considering it doesn't work/do what it's formulated to do
not very much on the foaming sensation.
tightness is never something you should feel after washing your face
it's a shame because multiple sephora workers recommended this to me
i don't think it is the right fit for my combo skin it tends to dry me out
this one did not clean my eye makeup.
it removes makeup well but that's just its job.
this product is a great cleansing oil if you want to use it to remove foundations or any type of face makeup
it it not made well that when the oil squirts out
practically tipping over if you look at it funny with a lid that comes off every time it tips
at least make it a screw on lid if it's going to fall so easily
i normally don't spend a lot of money on cleansers
defiantly does not take your makeup off
every time i use it i cringe plus i have to wash my face with like four squirts
bb cream well it did not remove my water proof mascara
i wasn't even using any water proof makeup
couldn't get my makeup off
it feels like you're washing your face in perfume
i just can't get past the strong smell
however the smell is awful it is like washing your face with perfume
didn't get the fresh wash feel.
i don't wear a lot of makeup especially in the summer
wear makeup a lot i'd try it
i guess i thought because it was oil free it was noncomedogenic
it's a great moisturizer if you can get past the smell
good thing is, the smell doesn't linger.
it has a super strong smell like a mans cologne which i actually didn't mind because it sorta smelled like my husb
the smell does wear off
i washed my face like i usually do
it was so rancid.
i tried to ignore the stench but i coudn't.
washing it off once wasn't enough because the smell was still lingering
i can promise you this will never make its way into my daily regimen as long as it has that stench
as much as it costs that it made my skin super oily
don't look like i could fry an egg with my face
i would buy a mattifying version if they had this scent
it's also lightweight and not greasy at all.
to me it smells like i've applied metals on my face or something
the smell doesn't fade either
since it's oil-free
i didn't feel my face was oily
actually i like its light texture
doesn't blow me away
if you use too much your face will begin to feel sticky
creamy or thought by the end of the day i was a little dry- maybe it's my changing skin
i honestly just think it's because my skin is clean after washing to put it on
my skin usually does not react to things i try on my face usually
you have to use very sparingling otherwise it kind of peels/flakes off
what i didn't like was the fact that it made my already acne prone skin more oily
i don't want to use a product that's going to fade my old scars only to give me new ones
yet sometimes it has an "egg-white" look on my face
didn't wash it off
acne like never before
it didn't even turn blue like it said on the directions or make blackheads any easier to extract
it did nothing for my blackheads
it's kinda a hit or miss mostly a miss because it does work sometimes making the skin smooth
maybe it sticks to its description in that it may loosen the blackhead
it does not help the blackheads go away
it will not pull all of your blackheads out on the first use
yes it does bring your blackheads to the surface
did nothing for my blackheads.
it does not loosen anything
there's no difference between the two
you can actually see your pores get smaller after you put this product on your face
it did not work to remove or help remove any of the blackheads on my nose
given that's its called blackhead extractor i expected it to do this
just a pricy face mask.
it did not clean/vacuum stuff out of my pores.
this didn't help in any way with my blackheads
it seems like it's penetrating
i didn't do anything for my blackheads.
it didn't do anything for my blackheads
make extractions less awful
no flip cap or anything
it doesn't leave your face feeling overdry or irritated at all
not the squeeze tube i got
didn't really vacuum clean
i didn't notice much of a difference over pore strips alone
so large that sometimes when i'm just looking at him casually i can notice whiteheads
mine aren't that bad
i spoke to someone in sephora about the stubborn blackheads on my nose asking about what product i should try
it didnt help my fine línes or do anything anti aging at all
it is too greasy.
don't have any wrinkles or crows feet yet
-the pump is ridiculous
can't speak to it's ability to tighten
even a coworker could smell it on me.
it's not it just feels more waxy on the skin
you'd think something this pricey would have quality packaging
it's agonizing getting anything to come out!
otherwise it's a fair moisturizer
i dont want any part of my body smelling like fish
this didn't make any change didn't even smooth my skin or felt any diff will go back to my glam glow mask
didn't eliminate all of my acne
shiny i wish this could fix it
it didn't even make my skin less oily.
my skin normally loves caudalie
terrible breakouts everytime i go back to this moisturizer trying to finish this expensive bottle
i look like a teenarger at puberty if i use this for a whole week
when i put it on it felt a tad too rich for my already oily skin
i will assume the cream is either too heavy
don't waste your money on this cream.
usually i'm such a beauty product fiend that i will use every last drop for myself
found skin didn't change in texture
if i wear this under my makeup
non-oily skin i'm sure it would be great
the bad points: it irritates my skin
it just wasn't a match for my combination skin
where i usually tend to break out
i would definitely not recommend this for oily or combination skin
just couldn't get over the strong scent
don't really have crows feet or fine lines
lip area do not seem fully hidrated
korres products as there's no lingering smells that compete with my perfume
doesn't cause me to break out or appear sticky or greasy
beware if your skin can't handle a heavy cream.
this moisturizer is too pricey not to live up to its claims
not someone easily turned off by a bad scent
the smell isn't necessarily pleasant
didn't really absorb into my skin.
it does help with the smell
still gag if i catch a whiff
terrible smell, i would describe as metalic.
it feels like it's tightening up my skin
it does not dissipate either.
i don't know if i need to rewash my face.
i can't handle wet dog smell.
it's a off putting oder for such a pricey item.
it's as if you're slathering rotten fish on your face
i just can't get over how awful it smells
i just couldn't get past the smell
i didn't mind my skin being oily
the smell doesn't seem to fade away with time either
the smell doesn't seem to be going away?
the smell made me gag so much
all this did was clog my pores
it's a must have that will change your skin forever
maybe it's the lipids?
the smell makes this product impossible to use
you'll be smelling it all day long
the smell is so disgusting that i started gagging immediately
the smell is so awful that i have been resorting to slathering the most heavily perfumed products i have
and for the price, it's kind of ridiculous.
plus it didn't add any moisture to my skin
i didn't find this moisturizer evened out my skin tone at all
flaky even though i was using lots of it
it still had the occasional pimples that would give me new dark spots to worry about
this would be perfect if it was meant for super oily skin
definitely not those for have oily
it's not the main ingrediants either because i picked up a drugstore product silimar to this
be careful not to use this too often if your skin is naturally oily otherwise you'll be wringing your face out all day
dont know if it will help with sun damage
it seemed too greasy for me
it seemed to make my eyes look less puffy
doesn't leave a sticky feeling
perfer eye cream in a tube not a pot
don't waste your money.
it's lightweight, it's not rich enough for me.
sadly for me it just doesn't seem to be moisturizing enough
it's probably more suited for ladies trying to prevent fine lines
doesn't provide enough hydration for fine lines
it did not reduce any of my bagginess or dark circles
if sticky isn't bad enough
this stuff is ridiculously sticky
if you're using that little
it doesn't hydrate your eye area at all
also leaves a tacky-peely kind of residue that is impossible to apply concealer over
doesn't improve the appearance
it didn't do anything for my circles or puffiness
it did nothing for my dark circles or fine lines
i think my undereyes look less puffy.
usually you get milium if your eye cream is too intense for you
it didn't magically remove any fine lines
i know it's this product because when ever i use it i wake up to pimples
doesn't even make my skin feel clean just dry
maybe they're putting gold flakes in it??
it also didn't remove all of my eye makeup
wouldn't recommend for combo skin in summer when you need the moisture the most
it didn't feel like it deep cleaning my skin
it reminds me of dirty feet.
no matter how hard i scrubbed
it's a good beginning cleanser
it is very off-putting taking something that smells so rancid
it's great at taking off makeup or on plain skin
spreading everywhere when it's on your plain face
it smells like spoiled oil or something.
if you can get over the smell
that's literally the only flaw.
i couldn't get past the weird smell
it wasn't keeping my skin clear which is what i look for in a daily cleanser
it definitely smells like baby spit up
the smell is just terrible it smells like baby puke
probably not because i am on the hunt to find that all in one facial cleanser
it smell weird like an old scent even if it's new
it's just very basic
i never got pimples before using this
my skin just looks dull
i can rub it all over my eyes without any discomfort
unfortunately this face wash didn't do any better than my $5 tube of st ives face wash
did it's job at cleaning
it does a good job of removing your makeup
i can't deny the metal ball feels amazing
liquid that doesnt do anything
all it does is make my under eye feel cooler which i don't need it to
i don't have puffyness under my eyes.
i think they're starting to dissipate
this stings some of us when it's applied
there's cheaper sephora eye puffers that do work
i think this drys out the undereye
i don't really have a puffiness problem
don't let this discourage you from trying the fab lotions which are fabulous
dark circles aren't that bad
eyes would burn so bad
really irritating to my skin
i rarely get pimples
do not use this if you have even the slightest bit of an oily face
i used this product everywhere except for my nose
i really would not recommend this for any of my oily skinned friends
other than that it's just to heavy for my skin in my opinion it's definitely comedogenic
it smells so bad that i was gagging.
it smelled so much like mixed chemicals that i couldn't take it
if you don't like the chemical smell don't get this
it didn't sink into the skin at all
wait for it to absorb it doesn't
doesn't sit on top of the skin feeling greasy
there is always white leftover unless you really rub in over
it's definitely a thick cream
it's a bit too thick for the face
it's normal everywhere else
it smells so bad
so product is ok for mild use.
it stings which i don't mind in a product that works
the only thing i dislike about it is the sulfur smell that is has
doesn't seem to do very much to reduce redness.
not like it makes it disappear
it does nothing for my redness
i can't use moisturizer when i use this because it basically replaces it
it makes my face feel sticky
this literally did nothing for my redness.
don't waste your money!
my redness didn't disappear or even minimize
it just made me look a bit extra oily
don't waste your money.
while this didn't cause any flare-ups
this really didn't get rid of my redness at all.
i don't have any kind of intense redness on my face- i get sort of red after i shower
i don't have rosacea or anything
it not a part of my skin care routine
did not contain redness at all
the product possibly even clogged my pores since it was like using two moisturizers
first of all, it's not your typical serum.
does not help redness.
it didn't reduce redness at all
doesn't make me shinny
i don't think it stops the redness at all
it's not from rosacea.
i do like the texture of this though.
not for what it claims to do which is get rid of redness
does take away some redness, but not completely.
i don't know if it's the caffeine
it doesn't take a lot of redness away
this doesn't sting one bit
it doesn't have an overwhelming fragrance
it's a nice cleanser however
while its great that it doesn't irritate
that it might penetrate some stubborn fine wrinkles that the creams did not
don't like the bottle hard to apply without it dripping
being expose to air will lose it's potency
it practically evaporates before i can get it to my face
it does make you skin smother
i am not really pimple prone
i got these little white heads that you tend to get with greasy products
with this the water-based cleanser usually had nothing to get
my skin just couldn't deal with this cleanser
get this oil in it you're screwed
it makes a mess when you get it to your h
it doesn't quite get all the eye makeup without an extra pump
don't waste your money
it is ok if you dont mind using mineral oil.
seemed to actually control the shine of my crazy-oily-within-an-hour skin
i didn't really give it a real try for the anti aging because my skin was way to oily
it's not too thick or thin
does not feel greasy
except make my makeup look bad/blotchy
it's done nothing to tame my oily skin during the day
it didn't smooth my skin or "mattify" my oil.
this item seems like it would be just perfect for a woman of a certain age with oily skin
this one doesn't keep me from getting slick
i would not recommend it to those with combination skin because it will be drying in the areas of your face that are not oily
the smell of this product is definitely nothing to swoon over for
although i don't believe it contains any sulfur
or if it was my body chemistry
this doesn't completely get rid of the shine on my t-zone
i think my skin actually got more oily w/ use.
i don't mind the sticky consistency
beware if you are prone to acne.
i do get about a pimple a week
too greasy and doesn't improve my skin.
it totally didn't work with my combo/oily skin
either it's too strong or i'm allergic to something in it because my skin was destroyed after using it a few times
it smells like a can of silly string
i don't get any degree of foaming from it
it does get the makeup off
when you go to wash your face it doesn't seem to leave your face feeling squeaky clean
if you're okay with a slight layer of oil/feeling that you have a light thin film of oil on your face
i like oil cleansers after using my makeup remover wipe because i feel like it gives me a good deep clean in my pores
not good to remove eye makeup
it's just not the best oil removing cleanser
it leaves a bit of a film on your face
doesn't break up makeup as well as others
i don't feel a cooling effect nor does it reduce puffiness or brighten my complexion
my makeup is not waterproof.
even most of my makeup can be taken off with a wet-wipe not specifically for makeup
there's nothing better for any skin type to cleanse
no--they don't make your skin oily--far from it
i decided to try the cool cleansing oil after reading all of the hype around it
this cleanser did not remove my makeup.
it's too loose a formula being an oil.
i guess i just don't like washing my face with an oil type product
i normally just use a face wash to remove my makeup
i do not wear heavy face makeup
it definitely takes some effort to remove mascara
it irritates your eyes a bit
first off it feels like this doesn't even clean!
'm guessing i had leftover dirt
the smell is medicine like, but i don't mind it.
the consistency is like a gel toothpaste that is the only way i can describe it
it's just become unbearable for me can't cover it with makeup cause there's too many bumps
if your breaking out from an acne clarifying products your skin is not liking it
literally, not even one itty bitty improvement.
did nothing for my acne prone skin.
it does have a weird texture to it
lol why this phallic like devise to dispense an eye cream?
it almost feels greasy
i definitely recommend this for oilier combo skin types though
but there's no oil control.
it was light enough that i didn't look like an oil slick
made me real oily.
made my skin feel more oily than i would like
don't get your hopes up about receiving added benefits or a noticeable difference in your complexion unless you've literally never used any face cream before
i usually like fab's products
want to point that noncomedogenic label on the bottle doesn't mean anything
it's okay because it's not greasy it soaks in quickly
it's just not enough moisture for me.
it does not leave my skin feeling greasy
at night when my skin is more oily i do not use it because i prefer sleeping without anything on my face
i don't know how it feels drying the day
my face isn't super smooth from it
the fact that it doesn't even come in a box or plastic on the pump is kind of gross
it doesn't really moisturize much
it doesn't reduce redness
it literally just adds another layer of product.
let's just start off by with the fact that it is not very moisturizing for someone with combination skin
doesn't really moisturize that well
it hydrates don't get me wrong
does not make me shiny
the upside is that it didn't irritate my hypersensitive skin
which i find strange since i have really oily skin
i usually have clear skin
i don't know how because even when i don't use moisturizer after i clean my skin
yes it kind of reduces puffiness
it's because you're rolling the cold metal ball over it
therefore the puffiness reduction doesn't say much about the formula
this product does help with my boyfriend's dark circles
product didn't really work on my puffy eyes.
which is what's supposed to depuff the bags
i do like using it to massage the eye area though
this does not de-puff my under eye area at all.
it does hydrate a little and that is about it.
i really wanted this to be the answer to my puffy allergy eyes
i guess i should steer clear of serum/gel when it comes to eye care
this has some kind of glitter it in.
it's a can't-be-without product.
or it's only really made to cool
the good news is that this doesn't irritate my super sensitive eyes--no burning
doesn't affect the 'wake'ful appearance of my eyes
it doesn't roll well
it really doesn't do much for the puffiness
i really can't tell a difference in my eyes being less puffy
feels cool when you apply it
i did not see any results at all withi this "de-puffing" eye massage
mind aren't that dark
i like the coolness when i'm applying this product
so the coolness from the rollerball helps a bit
it also never seems to interfere with my eye makeup or make it smear
it didn't do anything for puffiness or under-eye bags
it didn't seem to moisturise at all, either.
it doesn't hydrate or lift.
you really can't apply any other treatment--not even sunscreen--after this
it's ridiculously overpriced for a small bottle that wouldn't even last a month seeing 'two drops' is not all you need for your entire face
more if you want to use on your neck
feel that this serum doesn't do enough for my dryness
i can't give this serum a chance to wow me -- the scent is way too strong
maybe you need that toner lotion type stuff for it to show any results of value
for the price tag i don't think it's worth experimenting with this potion
it's thick and doesn't spread easily.
thick enough that i don't need another moisturizer at times
alcohol that it can irritate the skin just as much as it soothes it
it's not a bad moisturizer
i didn't like it just because i need more rich creams
this cream is not greasy
this creme made my skin feel kind of gross
not only did this cream not moisturize my skin at all
it didnt do anything for my skin texture
but this product is greasy for me.
can't tell that it's even there—it has worked great for me with my oily skin
it doesn't help with dark circles or puffiness
did dior change up their ingredients a bit??
they should have made the jar opaque
seems like it doesn't do anything other than hydrating
makeup like others do
it does absorb quickly but doesn't leave me dry.
i didn't like the texture of the product
i feel like it's not hydrating enough
the next day my undereye was flakey
if you are going for moisture don't waste money on this
eye cream did not play well with makeup
does not get completely get rid of the dark circles
it didn't irritate my under-eye area
i don't believe all the hype about eye creams
the spatula they provide is useless
since it doesn't bend
the thing i don't like is the bottle design
doesn't reduce fine lines
it wasn't oily or cause my face to get greasy
i dont have acne normally
but for my skin?
lots of things make me break out or itch
i do not often react to skin care products
don't waste your money!
doesn't seem much less drying than other foaming cleansers
f you have oily skin this might be for you
i will say though that the foam is amazing if you use the brush
i couldn't get used to the smell
i will say it is very hydrating if you can put up with the unpleasant scent
which really bums me out as this is a $100+ little pot of cream
i don't know if it got really cold or why the plastic turned brittle
i could bear the smell.
the smell isn't going away
something in it is making my eyes sticky
i couldn't tolerate the smell or the lack of results
i just couldn't get past the smell
i don't even have a strong sense of smell
i am sure if you get past the decay stinch
i simply could not get past the fish smell
the cream or gel products just don't measure up to me
my eyes don't have enough problems to notice an improvement from heavy duty creams like this
i need the expensive stuff
this product smells so bad that
i couldn't get past the smell
there's really no scent to it (a plus!)
it did clog my pores under my eyes so now i have little bumps
it does smell, but you get used to it.
btw, it's hard to rub into skin.
i usually love perricone products
i do like that you can put this product directly on your eyelids
you dont need to use another eye cream like with this one
i want to like this product even though it's a little rich
especially since the one for the face doesn't smell as bad
face creams stunk so much that i had to return them
does it have to smell like decay?i don't care if it works miracles
perricone must be out of his chump to charge such prices for stuff that smells like rotten fish
don't tell me it's inevitable because the face finish moisturizer smells lovely
surely there must be a way to neutralize such a horrible smell
i can't re-purchase because of the odor
or just want to mix a few cover fx drops in for a tinted moisturizer only look
way too greasy looking to wear alone or under makeup
unless you're at the beach or something where everyone looks greasy from sunscreen then this isn't the look i'd choose on the daily
this formula is so greasy
if anything, it's like putting oil on your face.
not really worth the price honestly since it's basically just a pricey facial lotion
i didn't even put it near my eyelids-- just having it on the undereye area was enough to cause stinging
it leaves an oily film since it doesn't absorb completely
i am not one to complain about thicker lotions that go on "heavy
this product doesn't go on too heavy
it sure does sit heavy on my skin
this one doesn't sting at all
it doesn't sink in at all
if you wear foundation
i don't wear foundation every day
i couldn't get over the gross smell.
it seems so greasy.
this makes my skin feel oily right away
it doesn't look oily
wouldn't allow my foundation to be applied without feeling sticky still
this lotion is too greasy for me.
it doesn't moisturize good enough for my winter skin either
my issue with this is that it leaves my face feeling greasy
if you do too i suggest the aforementioned ultra repair creme
i tried this because i really like the fab ultra repair cream
i guess the ingredients help prevent breakouts?
sometimes it's a bit greasy
it also smells just a bit plastic-y
i know i am not super oily at the end of the day
people are right it kinda makes you flakey in patches
not sure if it's supposed to peel my skin off?
it's also kinda burns
it doesn't give me enough moisture
it left me very oily even when i used less
it is not oily enough for this stuff
it didn't really moisturize that much.
rub your other product in
i could have totally gotten past that because it's not an unpleasant smell
since i couldn't take the smell
this moisturizer smells like bad cheap plastic.
and doesn't leave me calm.
did not get rid of the blackheads on my nose
because it was not cleaning my skin well
i normally don't have a problem with scents
i really wanted to love this i needed something mild to follow my masques as a cleanser when removing them this was gentle
didn't cause an interaction with any of my masques however my face felt dirty i've used clay masques
never had that feeling before it's rather tacky
i feel as if it leaves a residue on my face
again just didn't like the feeling of heaviness on my face
i found this cleanser did not remove any residue on my skin at all
almost a little bit sticky
i know clay is having it's moment
first off, this stuff smells kinda gross.
if you don't have acne prone skin this would probably be a good creamy cleanser for you
i wasn't using this for acne
it leaves a weird film on your face no matter how much you rinse
after using it my skin wasn't red or irritated
it's hard to find products that are free of all the gunk you don't want to be putting on your skin
i don't wear a ton of makeup
this cleanser just didn't cut it for me
the problem is that it doesn't get rid of makeup or oil
suggest a moisturizer that is not so light
it's enough to cover my face
feels kinda heavy for something that's supposed to be for acne prone skin
now it's chilling in the bottom of my drawer
didn't work to prevent acne
my skin did seem less red with use
i didn't notice any help on preventing or treating scars
one pump was enough for me to slather my face
i think it's too gentle for me
acne prone skin didn't react
i even need put another layer moisturizer on my face
i've found that it actually makes my skin dryer?
this is not usual as i have an oily complexion
it did not help my oily
in reality, it's just a good moisturizer.
i wouldn't recommend it for anyone with severe acne
doesn't even make my skin feel smoother or cleaner
i mean it's okay i does remove some sebum
it's peels off as shown in the video
it didn't pull anything out of my pores or smooth my skin
it doesn't hurt to peel off surprisingly
you have to apply a thick layer so the bottle doesn't last very long
don't expect to see any blackheads when you pull it off
don't waste your money.
it doesn't actually pull any pores out like it's supposed to
it didn't hurt to peel off.
it did nothing it looked like i applyed a real thin layer
and this mask does kind of work.
didn't hurt to peel off at all.
you can even wash it with water
that's all that i seen on the peel.
if you put this on your eyebrows or mustache your screwed
i seen nothing on my peel
my entire face now has really bad peach fuzz all over
this mask only takes out little to no blackheads
f you have small baby hairs on your face it will rip them out
it doesn't remove blackheads let alone do anything for my skin
if anything, i got more blackheads.
does not work at all it's too thin to actually be able to grab any impurities
both times it did not remove impurities or make my skin look or feel different
that it wouldn't be harsh on my skin
i usually love boscia products
i can't even imagine what it does to girls with sensitive skin
this mask just doesn't work at all
notice that they don't mention anything about it stripping them of blackheads
it doesnt do anything for your blackheads
as for the day cream it's intended
it didn't take off any blackheads.
my sister love it because she doesn't have a lot of blackheads
it didn't take out any blackheads at all
i didn't see anything stick to the mask other than a few hairs
glad i didn't use too close to my brows
the mask does peel off your skin however it does not remove blackheads or much of anything for that matter
if it's blackheads you want to remove your money is best spent on pore strips
not pretty when you have sticky black goop on your face
i didn't see anything on the mask when i peeled it off
it did bring out my blackheads
it didn't get rid of any blackheads
so not worth 30 bucks it is not a pore mask at all doesn't remove any black heads all it did was get some dry skin off
did not get any gunk out or help with acne.
it hurt so bad to peel off!!!
it really didn't affect them at all regardless of how thick the layer was or how open my pores were
it's a face mask like every other.
it does not work like pore-strips
it stung my eyes when i put it on which wasn't pleasant
my face broke out in places it normally doesn't
i don't get those usually.
didn't luminize my skin nor remove any blackheads
every time i don't notice any difference except for the fact that it's peeled some of the skin off of my nose
it doesn't peel off easily
it's super sticky making it super difficult to get an even layer on your face
the appearance of your skin after isn't all that different
it does nothing for my pores
this mask doesn't pull out any blackheads or anything
don't waste your money.
thought it would be a product manly enough to try to get rid of his black heads
don't waste your money.
it did not remove any blackheads for me
when you're trying to peel it off out feels thin
doesn't successfully remove anything besides some peach fuzz
too greasy,not hydrate enough
it's a no for me maybe good for someone with dry or normal skin
it's annoying enough that i returned it
i looked greasy too!
it can also make my face feel dry if i don't use enough
i only use a dab or so
it sometimes makes my eyes water
it's too thick and does not go on smoothly.
the texture just wasn't right.
i may try a different product from ole henriksen when this jar is gone
it's almost greasy in my opinion
it did not aggravate my acne-prone skin
it pills terribly so that you end up with white
it did not help improve my skin texture or remove fine lines
without any kind of smell
don't feel too bad throwing it away
i don't like how it had the silicone-like texture
this product made my skin look greasy sometimes
it doesn't look like the wrinkle under my eye is going to completely go away though
i can't complain about the skin tone
the dropper delivery system is weird
my main complaint is that it is so thick that you really can't "dab" it on the skin the way most experts suggest with the eye area
you actually need to rub it across the skin
so decadent and so.... pointless?
i don't doubt the quality of this eye cream
therefore you can't spread around the eye without rubbing
it does nothing for fine lines or wrinkles
i hate to let moisturizer go to waste though
i don't feel it penetrates as well as it could.
now it doesn't keep my face moist for more than 2-3 hours
it's too heavy for my skin
on the bright side it doesn't break out my clog-prone skin
it's an average face cream.
there's no extra hydration.
it doesn't sink in very well
it's hard to tell what the actual hydrating result is
i don't feel that my face is as dewy as it is with other creams
however it does not remove makeup easily.
don't leave your skin still dirty
if i have to reach for a scrub in order to actually dissolve my makeup
i dont feel like it's a "strong" enough formula to act as a daily cleanser
t dries up so quick on your face
does not cause my oily skin to feel greasy
i gave it 3 stars only bc i think it might have potential for those with normal to oily skin types
didn't block my pores and my skin was great.
stinky, useless, and too much silicone.
it didn't even moisturize my skin that much
it did prevent me from getting flaky skin like any other moisturizers would do
my issue with this product is that it takes it's time for the product to absorb into my skin
it's very heavy to wear under makeup during the day
everything i want in a facial cream except it burns my product tolerant skin :/ though it seems to work fabulously for everyone else guess its just not for me
it doesn't moisturize well at all
it doesn't do much else apart from hydrating.
this product does it's job as a moisturizer.
after i apply this i tend to feel a bit more oily
it definitely doesn't lay very well under concealer
i creased really bad the few times i tried to wear this underneath makeup
the only thing this product does is moisturize under your eyes
this product doesn't help my combination
unfortunately it made my combination skin too oily
it's a lightweight eye cream that i feel like could compare to a drugstore buy
i don't know which ingredient made my eyes itch
i didn't have any reactions except for some occasional watering
however, it did irritate my eyes and skin.
it's too thick to begin with
don't suggest it as a day eye cream
i like creams that are easy to apply
i like the cream but this is getting ridiculous.
'm guessing i'm allergic to something in this cream
which tends to crease no matter what on me
though i know eye creams are hard to tell if it's useful
i don't have lines or circles around my eyes
it's just a regular moisturizer capitalizing on the bobbi brown name
made my concealer look even worse
still doesn't remove mascara well
i wouldn't recommend it if you tend to be oily
be careful not to get this in your eyes.
i need something that won't burn my eyes
it did not improve the texture or tone
it still makes my skin flakes every time i use it
for my age, it's such a must.
was eager to try this protective face lotion as all sunblocks seem to break me out
which is what i do with sunblocks that don't work on my face
there's a citrus-y scent for those wondering.
gives you a nice canvas to apply your makeup
my summer oily mess of a face did not like this moisturizer
as for a mosturizer it's okay
i think you can even use it as a daily moisturizer
it's really pricey though.
it's a little over rated though.
i did a lot of research before purchasing this item because i have very oily skin
"non greasy" which is untrue because it does make your skin somewhat dewy
i preferred it on it's own as it wasn't as greasy
might i add i don't typically break out.
yuck and it's such a strong smell.
feel like it makes my skin look almost oily because it's so shiny
if i could justify the price tag for a body/hair oil i'd bathe in this stuff
i mean, cool, its oil for your face.
ok first off this does not smells like lavender at all
you could literally still smell
my skin didn't seem to absorb it
it just made me greasy
i didn't like the messiness the oil caused on the bottle
i can't use it on my entire face because of the strong odor
because i love so many bobbi brown products
still doesn't glide on easily
beware if you are prone to milia which are those white dots that look like zits
it's been years i've been trying to get rid of those milias
i can't seem to get my skin texture back.
it does not moisture enough for the fine winkles to be disappear like lamer eye creams does
i am not sure if it's from this or my new urban decay eyeliner
it did nothing for my fine line puffiness or dark circles
it did not get rid of puffiness i had, either.
it does nothing for dark circles
does not take away any discoloration
t does feel greasy then
it turned out to be too sticky
if you frown or just as much as squint your eyes
the stuff will crack
i didn't have any white residue when i applied it this way
i couldn't wait to wash it off.
blush just won't stick at all to it.
if you use it under liquid foundation it just disappears
can't wait with makeup as left poor residue
not easy to master if you would like to wear it under makeup
seems to deeper clean maybe lightly exfoliate
somehow the hyper-inflated prices are supposed to mean something
it's like a primer in the sense that it "fills in" your pores
as long as you don't use any moisturizers or makeup over it
or foundation on your face it doesn't go on
feels so tight on your face it feels like you have gum or something on your face
if you use it like it says on the bottle with water
even when it did work with a white film
it did make my skin smooth though
this may be perfect at night when you do not need any uv protection
i don't have many wrinkle
if it just didn't have the white film that has to be rinsed
you always have a white film on your face.
unless you're willing to walk around with the powdery residue on your face
unfortunately i couldn't get the white residue to go away
i agree with the other reviewers who say they experienced a white filmy residue on their skin
nothing prevented me from looking as if i had a terrible flakey white crusty residue on my face where i had applied the product
i don't really have any crow's feets
but i feel like it's too oily for me.
normally a light fragrance doesn't bug my skin
it seemed to work just like any other moisturizer i've used
feels like the cheap moisturizer you get a hotels
it does not leave it as smooth as other creams
otherwise i'll go with another cream
it takes what seems like an eternity for skin texture
nothing too mind blowing
it's the fragrance that caused my skin to react
on it's own the moisturizer is ok
how can they make a moisturizer that smells so bad??
doesn't sting which i find most of these "gel like" moisturizers to do
this just isn't the moisturizer for me
i couldn't even get it to absorb into my skin.
it made my face too shiny
the worst part of all is that it didn't seem to have any anti-aging effects at all in the winter or spring in chicago
doesn't seem to have any anti-aging benefits if one is not in the sun
don't waste your money on this one.
it still didn't absorb into my skin
sadly it broke my sensitive skin out with the small bumps that never come to the surface
it tends to flake up when makeup is applied over it
you almost need to just dab it on
then it’s pretty much useless to me
doesn't help a lot with puffiness.
this roller just didn't have any effect on my tired eyes
maybe i need to use it more or pop it in the fridge
didn't do squat for my dark circles
it's really cooling for the under eye in the morning
however it doesn't reduce puffiness as much as i would like
if you're really puffy
it's helped some with the dark circles
it's not like i look instantly awake
once you put it on, it doesn't absorb.
it's nothing you couldn't get from cold spoons
i didn't like how sticky the gel is
not bad i keep it in my fridge to help with puffy eyes
i just hate how there is unnecessary glitter in there
i don't like when my moisturizers smell like straight up perform
holy heck it's overpowering.
guess i'm allergic to something in it.
i never get acne
this product gave me some nasty breakouts
get rid of this horrible concoction
i don't like putting such scented things on my face
can't even use it on my hands.
it doesn't absorb into your skin
you smell it all day
i think it makes my eye wrinkle s worse
it's not even a cream -- it's a thick
it's so difficult to rub in that i think you actually do more damage to the delicate eye area by using this product than if you didn't
i really don't like the fact that you must use a little spatula to apply the cream
the pump in the bottle hardly works
because if it isn't the cream
it's nearly impossible to pump any out
it doesn't fill up the whole bottle
did nothing for fine lines or dark circles.
it's basically a thin moisturizer.
a consultant gave me a sample because i want to try something for my baggy eyes with some darkness
i can't pin point what it smells like
it's too thick hence needs lots of patting it in.
it's a lot of wasted product
doesn't do anything for dark circles or puffiness
it didn't do much for my dark circles or puffiness
all in all this is just a lightweight moisturizer wouldn't waste $99 on it
we'd expect a thicker consistency
such as when you don't use your h
my eye area isn't all that bad
not to mention the mess it makes on my bathroom counter
but i cannot get over the bottle.
having a pump that leaks so bad it wastes a face wash that costs as much as this is mind blowing
i realize that oil isn't supposed to clog pores
this moisturizer is horrible on my skin it's super heavy
it is not greasy
it doesn't have that sticky feeling most moisturizers have
my wallet/ pay check doesn't
my skin gets too oily too fast with it
it's too thick for my liking
this cream did not reduce my fine lines
it didn't irritate my eyes at all
there's no difference in the hydration of my eyes with this gel
i've read that you don't need eye cream/gel
i don't notice it lightening
the $85 price tag for such a little itty bottle that does not deliver what it says it's supposed to is absurd
now i apply it only at night because it is a bit too oily
it will cause fat granules under eyes if you use it too often
the smell bothers me so much that i had to wash my face to try to remove the cream
didn't do much to diminish fine lines or wrinkles
not really a gel or cream
if you're just looking to have softer skin
is not treating skin because when you cleanse face the skin looks same like before
yet oh so costly for the amount in the jar
it did not provide enough nourishment/moisture for my face
the scent is so overwhelming i cannot use it on my face
no breakouts the only con i find about this which i why im going to look for another moisturizer is the smell good golly it has such a strong perfume scent that reminds me of axe deodorant it is so strong when i put it on my face i does not burn or anything
sometimes it gives me a headache
on the list it does not say no synthetic fragrances so yeahh you do get a great moisturizer
it does have some sort of scent
although i do not think it's artificially scented
you'd think a company wouldn't want to put in skin irritating ingredients
the jar is just silly
i also agree with some of the other reviewers that the perfume is too strong for a facial cream that is supposed to make your skin feel fresh
i didn't even get a chance to test its hydrating qualities because it was so heavily scented that i had to immediately wash it off
i can still smell it
'm assuming that this product doesn't work well with the oily areas of your face
it actually does hydrate your skin like crazy
it was not sticky
i don't even have terrible skin in that i get a pimple or two around that time of the month
i think my pores are a little too stubborn
did not shrink pores at all
the only thing i did about it was exfoliate
it didn't shrink my pores whatsoever
i know i can't change the size of my pores
it does nothing for my pores
i don't see any difference in my pores
my pores seem to look about the same size
there's been no difference at all in the size of my pores
if your buying it for smalled pores -- look else where
can't find anything that minimizes them
only ones that hide them
it's nice when you apply
this didn't help my pores
doesn't take much to cover face
i like that this product doesn't smell odd
if you really want to get rid of your wrinkles
don't have bad wrinkles
the only thing it did to my normal to dry skin was make it so oily i couldn't keep my make-up from sliding off
it's hard to get even one drop out of the dropper
occasionally some products may irritate my skin
i've gone though about 3 bottles of this stuff.
i find that you get a more immediate result with your skin if you've been a bit lax with your routine
it's spreadable so you could just use a bit if you wanted
it's hard to get the last 10% or so of the product out with the dropper
i don't think people with oily skin will like it.
i do not want to smell sushi every time i put cleanser on my face
which made the dropper useless
its a little like appying water to your face.
however, i cannot get past the smell.
i prefer their night cream.
don't waste your money.
i think any product you dip your fingers into will introduce bacteria
if you are acne prone
it didn't help hydrate my skin at all
this cream seemed to make me peel
my skin definitely didn't like this moisturizer
i couldn't stand the smell.
would complain about a weird smell
my skin is a mess
don't waste your money on this one!
it also can flake on you if you do not stop touching your face particularily above the eyebrows
there are plenty of products that contain spf that don't smell like you're headed to the beach for the day
this one does not moisturize enough at all.
it's botchy and red and just awful.
i stopped using this product because it made my normally clear skin greasy
alas, have they changed the spf formula?
i find that it is greasy
it doesn't seem to absorb into my skin
it is not a cheap cream
i didn't like the texture.
it wasn't heavy enough to be an eye cream.
it's also kind of oily and doesn't absorb well.
it did nothing for dark circles or fine lines
but, when you stop using it disaster ensues!
i feel like it doesn't hold moisture that well
i didn't see a difference in my wrinkles or dark circles
does not sink into the skin
it's okay just didn't note any different than any regular eye balm
i will admit that this eye cream definitely de-puffs tired eyes
it didn't do much for puffy eyes or fine lines
i suspect this is because the product is not actually hydrating my skin
it's just average -it moisturizes
i just don't find that pleasant
you could get an eye cream from the drugstore if all you want is average moisturization
i also don't like that you have to stick your finger it it
i couldn't live without my algenist melting cleanser
it's no miracle, but it's decent.
cakey for sure everywhere this stuff is.
no matter how careful i apply it i always get that pesky white residue
it doesn't help that i'm brown skinned so unfortunately there's no way to avoid it
i just can't slay my life with white residue under
it's almost like it gives you a second skin which i just don't like
it does not irritate my skin or eyes at all
you'd have to wear something with this
the challenge is trying to wear concealer or any kind of makeup on top of it
it turns white once it's set
however, that dang white film!
you get the horrible white film!!!
you'll see how this product pulls the skin
some days i get this without the white layer others i dont
this product would be awesome if it didn't dry with a white flaky residue
ptr needs to perfect this product then it would be the ultimate wrinkle eraser
i don't get that white layer/film that a few people have complained about
with moisturizer doesn't do as well
also doesn't matter how little you use there is always that funky white film that makes for a very uneven texture for concealer
especially if your eyes tend to run
leaves a white residue no matter how little you use
even if your careful it will not blend in without coming off
it's pretty miraculous how my baggy eyes firmed up as this stuff dries
i couldn't figure out how to apply eye cream
it does dry out your skin ecen if you only apply a little bit
i still wouldn't sugest this product to someone with remotely dry skin
sometimes the pastiness would even show under my makeup --
even unnatural looking when i would laugh or smile
my wrinkles aren't even that bad to begin with
this is nothing more that a bad concealer.
for me it was either too much goop
still can't get the white stuff off from under my eyes
it is actually sticking to my skin
if you put makeup
makes my concealer look bad
so while this products actually gets rid of the bags i can't use it with concealer
t's useless to me since my bags come with dark circles that i need to cover too
it gets kind of "crumbly" if you rub the area or put on too much
you don't smile or sweat all day
super greasy, doesn't wash off.
doesn't make your skin feel clean.
it's might work for some one with smaller pores
i don't consider my pores to be that big
doesn't appear to be changing the appearance of my pores
it didn't reduce the appearance of pores under my makeup
it didn't make my pores look smaller after using it for a while
it doesn't make my pores disappear
otherwise it's very thick
it did not remove all of my mascara.
does not remove makeup.
it's almost impossible to get it to lather
doesn't remove makeup or even make my skin feel cleanser
it doesn't remove my makeup at all.
does not leave the skin feeling clean at all
in my opinion you're better off going for a sem-drying cleanser
another downside is that it's very hard to spread onto your skin when applied
it does not dissolve
it's so sticky on the face it does not glide like other oils
just shows you how sticky and dense it is.
doesn't remove make up well
i don't have breakouts
i really feared it would break me out or make my face super makeup-resistant
i do not like the sticky factor
however it's just *really* thick
make sure your face is wet before you use it it's definitely not compatible with the clarisonic
although it's smooth because it's an oil i feel like it really didn't clean much off my face
it is as if you are spending a thick
while it does hydrate it doesn't remove eye makeup
the cons: it's too thick causing me to use more
this does not remove waterproof makeup
sticky until you add a bunch of water to it
it's like the ingredients had separated
all that's left is oil
it was way too oily for my skin type
yes i know you shouldn't remove your makeup with baby oil
didn't help with eye makeup
which leads me to believe that it doesn't rinse off as completely as i'd like
does an okay job cleansing
even then have makeup residue
does not replace makeup remover
if you're not a fan of fragrances or smells in your skin care products then i would skip this one
i just could not get it to lather
it's so hard to spread on your face.
completely fails to remove eye makeup even non waterproof
this one doesn't cleanse your skin
my skin didn't feel clean
it still didn't become milky
i only like a cleansing oil because usually they get my eye makeup off the easiest
doesn't hurt your eyes
it wasn't an effective face wash for me
you'd expect a cleansing oil to have any oily consistency
this has a thick an sticky honey-like texture that makes just spreading it around your face feel like a chore
it's so thick that you end up being excessively rough on your skin
it doesn't feel like a cleansing oil actually
pretty sure this is a traditional cleanser masquerading as a cleansing oil
doesn't do much cleansing
i say that because i feel it seeps into my mouth throughout the day
it makes my skin so greasy
broke out on my t-zone -it's been uncomfortable
if i get it on my lips it seriously tastes like sharpies
oddly enough my skin didn't break out after using this product
the only reason i gave it a 3 star is because i have combination/oily skin along my t-zone
when i lick my lips after i eat or just in general
i would not buy this because on this taste which i haven't noticed on other lotions i've used
it feels really sticky and heavy on my face.
just use it as a sunblock when i don't need heavy protection
i don't agree with those who think that this lotion is lightweight
i felt like it made my skin even more oily
i like it because it's light
doesn't cause blemishes or breakouts
it's not oily and it does moisturize well.
left it feeling the slightest bit greasy
it is very fragrance-y, and will ruin your skin.
not super like-a-baby's-
don't apply anywhere near your eyes or mouth- it burns/tastes awful
now that it's hot
too greasy for my combination skin.
and the product doesn't smell all natural...
i think my skin needs more nutrients than other people's skin?
it was super thick which i usually don't mind
when i touch my face i feel the grease so
i kinda have a feeling "i don't want my face to touch a pillow" also my skin isn't sensitive
never had pimples using any type of skin care.
way too greasy, even with the slightest bit used.
if you are a dare devil give it a shot!
i couldn't get past the strong fragrance to decide if i liked the formula of the moisturizer itself
why would anyone want a heavy fragrance on their face?
do not use if you are acne prone.
this product doesn't absorb into my skin as much as i would like
it almost feels greasy to me.
so much fragrance it's gross
although it is very perfumey for a product you put on your face
it's unfortunate because i like the its potent eye cream
it didn't fade any dark circles
did not help with dark circles or fine wrinkles
i tried 2 pots of this stuff
it just doesn't absorb
it doesn't work on dark circles or fine lines.
so if someone wants only moist this is for you.
for me i don't like the smell.
i am naturally oily so for my morning routine this is a no go
it didn't help fade my dark circles at all
didn't brighten my under eye either.
do not use this eye cream
the product is irritating if it actually gets into the eye
this cream also doesn't have any spf
this stuff didn't do anything for dark circles or wrinkles or moisture or anything at all
it's basically just a pretty jar filled with empty promises
spoiler alert : it's not potent.
doesn't even moisturize enough
i don't even have that dark of under eye circles
sn't irritating like others can be for me
what's the point of an eye cream if it'll make my eyes water
it's super cute on my bathroom counter
also - this stuff stings!!
it unfortunately gave me bumps under my eyes that loked like mosquito bites
it doesn't even moisturize.
also has a smell- god forbid you accidentally get any in your eyes
it'll sting and hurt like crazy.
all this cream did was irritate my eyes.
not sticky nor does it leave a shine
if you've always had dark circles
even though it's so thick
it didn't do a lot to moisturize either
i just can't handle the scent of this cream.
it doesn't give me the hydration i need in winters
finding the right moisturizer for 50 year old skin isn't easy
cucumber smell doesn't bother me
it's decent as a moisturizer, albeit thick.
maybe i just have wonky skin?
can't return it because it's really expensive
sagging skin wasn't an issue for me before
i also can't use it under my makeup as it always looks caky
it's quite strange as after applying
don't waste your time or money.
i really don't want to clutter counter with two different eye creams
its not going to fade your dark circles super fast
do not see the point of applying an eye cream if it is going to peel off
it didn't even seem to moisturize the area i applied it
does diffuse light which can trick me into thinking it works
i feel like it's too expensive a product to keep on my shelf
i suppose it deposits some skin-friendly ingredients
i would say it is on par with using a regular ole henriksen face moisturizer as an eye cream
i love putting it under my eyes mostly for the coldness it offers
it does not reduce dark circles at all
i don't think it doesn't much to help redness or puffiness either
this product just sits on your skin even when you gently pat it as directed
there's nothing terrible about this eye cream
it doesn't irritate me either
generally react right away if there's an issue
it does nothing for dark circles
because otherwise i might as well just use my regular moisturizer
it didn't clog my pores
except that i can barely stomach the smell of it
at least it didn't irritate my skin the way some other eye products tend to do
not one fighting a hangover
so many products make my eyes tear.
(the burning means it's working!
it doesn't do much aside from moisturize
i gave it two stars cause it does sorta moisturize
it's possible i just got a bad tube
this eye cream does not irritate my eyes
it's hard to get out of the tube
in my opinion it's just another harsh scrub
sometimes it feels like it clumps together
finicky skin: doesn't make me break out
doesn't make me red
i wouldn't recommend using it on your eyes
not super crazy about this scrub.
"peach scrub" that you can get for 3 bucks in smell
it does not appear to have any exfoliating properties at all nor does it foam
can get oily in the t-zone at the end of the day
there's no way there is actually 5 oz of product in the tube
the texture of the scrub is not overwhelming
i much prefer the other ren face polish.
it made my feel sticky
didn't help with the dark spots
pricey product that i now can't use.
the smell doesn't linger
it didn't seem to have any benefits of acidity
doesn't do much to brighten my skin
i never get acne
you can't really judge something by smearing it on your h
plus it is so sticky that it was hard to use under make up
maybe this would work for dryer skin types.
you can definitely smell the spf in this eye cream
unfortunately, in my case it stings when applied.
i did like that the eye cream had spf
i don't really wear under eye makeup
doesn't burn/irritate the skin
it's not bad as a day-time eye cream.
stings my eyes whenever i wear it
i am bummed that i cannot use it as a 360 cream for the entire eye area
the sunblock used really irritates my eyes
i can't see any benefit to that area of skin whatsoever in terms of texture or wrinkles
i think that's what makes it so sticky
it's hard to work into the skin
it doesn't matter if i use a primer or one of my reliable "never budge" cream shadows
i wouldn't mind it in an eye cream suited for night time use
it's my favourite part of putting on makeup
the cream is so thick that it doesn't absorb well
didn't seem to absorb well
if you like a rich thick cream you might like this
maybe it was the spf?
only uses it occassionaly
it doesn't help with dark circles at all so that's disappointing
f your eye is irritated that day it tends to stink a little because of the spf
applying it is almost impossible since is like an oily paste
this creme is almost hard
-didn't make me break out- lightened dark circles a little in the first week- did not sting whatsoever-felt very nourishing
didn't do anything but moisturize!
didn't want to rub the skin under my eyes so much
please don't use this if you have sensitive skin or eyes
it stings like crazy.
it will sting if it gets in your eyes.
at the same time it makes the eyeliner hard to apply
the eyeliner doesn't stick
nothing to brag about with this eye cream.
the product stayed on my skin as though i couldn't get it to entirely wash off my wash
this face wash seems to be irritating my skin a bit
no matter how much i rinse there is an oily feeling film on my skin
however, it does have a nice lather.
i almost wanted to cry since i rarely ever splurge on face washes
i still think it's too stripping of moisture for someone who is 60+
i couldn't wait to get moisturizer on my face.
it's not the best for puffy eyes
my eyes aren't sagging as much.
i believe it's one of the ingredients used
treat mild dark circles -- this didn't do much
it didn't solve my quest for an eye cream that won't make the skin on my eyes burn
dark circles under your eyes is hereditary i don't think anything you buy is going to remove them except under eye concealer or going to a plastic surgeon
does not irritate my eyes
maybe you can't have it all in an eye cream
didn't have a smell unlike a lot of other "scentless" products
unfortunately i had to stop using this product it has olives which makes my skin break out
can't attest to its effect on fine lines
i do let the cream soak in for awhile before i put the concealer on
it seems to make them a bit puffy
it is very tacky and simple sits on your skin.
it still had a bad smell
don't be fooled by the word "nourishing" on the product
any good ingredients are typically spoiled in jars
the product doesn't truly sink into your skin
00 is simply too much money for a basic cream that doesn't hydrate
this product just doesn't seem to go along with my skin
each time i put it on my skin gets so red that it becomes unbearable because of the hotness
i gave it 3 stars because it doesn't do much other than moisturize
whose products i usually love
its hard to get rid of acne scar marks when youre getting more acne
they're fading but they might have without this.
the texture is nice - not sticky like some.
yet this cleanser does not clean my pores right
but man, i couldn't get past the smell.
the smell is too nauseating to use long-term
i don't mind those types of smells.
this stuff is so gross.
the product smells so nasty
unfortunately i did not like this cleansing balm.
i did not like the smell nor did it remove all of my waterproof mascara
i can't clean my cleaning cloth then
it can't clean my face very well
never try this if you can't find its original mitten
it's generally kind of exhausting to put so much effort into removing your makeup when you could just swipe a cleansing cloth or micellar water over your face in under ten seconds
you're not supposed to rinse it off
i like the idea of using a damp cloth because wow i can see how much makeup it's removing
it made me wonder how much leftover makeup is on my face after a normal wash not using this stuff
i can't even get rid of it even if i used a cleanser afterwards
unless you have seriously dry skin i wouldn't recommend it
it's literally apply grease on your face
stay away if you have oily
as i wasn't wearing any when i cleansed my face with it
there was still a good bit of mascara on my eyelids so maybe not the best for makeup removal
i couldn't really detect much of a smell
it does not rinse off at all
i mean there are a lot of balm cleansers that don't rinse off with water
they don't state that you should rinse off only
i prefer cleansers that don't require me to use a wash cloth to make sure that my face is entirely clean
the product is just pointless
don't waste your money on this!
not for cleaning your face
you only need a little to cover your face
you have to rub it off with something
there are other cleansers that are simpler to use that don't smell like sushi
can't pass the smell.
it does not smell like oranges!
doesn't wash clean with water
if you need something to remove your makeup
i don't typically use a washcloth or anything
i didn't feel clean
i can see why you'd like this product if you have dry skin
it has a funny smell to it which i'm guessing is what mud covered oranges smell like
i didn't use it on my eyes to get my mascara off because it smelled so weird that i was afraid it might burn my eyes
got this as a simple, it smells so bad.
the product was so greasy
it didn't clean my pores
even though it is greasy
it works kind of like a cold cream that doesn't come off
i really couldn't use it for eye makeup removal
it is not easy to remove
the only exfoliating i got was when i was trying to rub this stuff off
yes this does dissolve all types of makeup
did nothing for my skin except dry it out from me having yo wash so much to get it off
second it doesn't really remove my makeup
i still couldn't get the oily film off my skin
i couldn't get past 1 wash
it doesn't really lather at all
it doesn't begin to take off all of my makeup
and it does have an odd smell.
it doesn't lather a super lot
this is sting-y if it gets in your eyes
for summer i find it's not cleansing enough
if using long wearing make up or sunblock you will definitely need another cleanser
i just cannot get over the horrible smell of this cleanser
i would say it is a combination of mustiness
but - it smells ssoooo bad!!!
over all this is not a bad cleanser
if it gets in your eyes beware it stings also be sure to go in with a toner after because it does not remove make up well
it is not necesary to wet your face first
it didn't rejuvenate my skin
it's no better or worse than any other facial cleanser i've used except for a soy product that even removes my water-proof eyeliner
at this point i feel like it's like any other cleanser
i must say that i love how clean my face feels after using the cleanser
didn't provide my skin the moisture it needs.
for the price it's okay
i usually use bliss' youth as you know it moisturizer
t clogged my pores quite a bit
if you're past your acne years
this product has not an un-bareable smell
really artificial one that doesn't go away
it does not sink in your skin
it does have a scent that doesn't go away
although this product really moisturized my skin i will not be using it anymore as white heads cause scarring for me
s are so obsessed with these weird dispensing mechanisms
it just didn't improve my moisture level of my skin in the morning
during i sleep it gives an slight sticky textual which makes me not really comfortable in the night
i believe someone would like the artificial scent
like cheap lipstick you'd use when you were a kid
the smell doesn't last once it's on the skin
doesn't provide enough moisture to my cheeks
this moisturizer managed to sting so bad in the area where i am most dry: my cheeks
it's really thick, too.
i don't feel like my skin absorbs it the way it does with most lotions
thought this one might help bring back some moisture without being too oily
i generally had to use a lot of it to remove my eye makeup
it did remove my makeup, though!
this let my face feeling very sticky
i don't like to feel like i'm cleaning my skin with mostly perfume
it's not really for eye makeup
it's not a bad smell
didn't feel comfortable rubbing what smells like an actual perfume on my face
didn't completely rid my eyes of eyeliner though.
still not burn my eyes
i can't get past the baby wipes smell
just doesn't do it to remove wp mascara.
oil-free makeup remover that gets the job done
i do need to rinse afterwards because if i've removed lipstick i can taste a yucky chemical taste
i don't want that stuff lingering on my face
smells lingers on your face even after you try to wash it off
that's probably more in the eye of the beholder
it has a filmy finish that doesn't sit well with me
it's just more of a makeup remover
it's better to me that the wipes or run of the mill oily makeup removing solutions
you want to cleanse your face
not so much on waterproof stuff
it would probably work best if you're wearing very minimal makeup or if you want to use it to clean up small makeup mistakes or wipe off your brushes or something
it does a nice job removing my face makeup before i cleanse with purity
however it barely touches my waterproof mascara or even not waterproof eyeliner
didn't irritate my skin
it doesn't take off all my makeup
that's what it's for
but dealing with that scent is just ridiculous.
takes off most of my make up but not competely.
i do not like it under my current concealer though
the smell is simply amazing however the product was almost like using highlighter under my eyes
it does not contain "coffee beans
don't know if it causes milia
i notice that it does de-puff my under eye a little upon application
it does not help with my puffiness at all
have another eye cream that helps with my dark circles that i would prefer over this one
i won't be nuying this after it's empty.
it doesn't depuff as much as it brightens the dark circles under my eye
just a normal eye cream doesn't really reduce my dark eye circle or de-puff it when i use it in the morning the only thing it does do is it moisturizer it during the day
does brighten your under eye a little
i don't have dark circles or wrinkles so all i could hope for was depuffing
there was a bit of shimmer in it that i didn't care for
wouldn't recommend if you're traveling somewhere hot
i'll admit i love how foamy this face wash gets
yes i do use an origins moisturizer after i wash
feels like you are putting mayo on your face
i do like that it builds up a nice lather.
i also feel that it's too drying afterwards.
my face didn't feel clean!
i couldn't wait to get my moisturizer on
i don't like the way my skin feels when i rinse it off
it has that cheap soap residue feel
like it doesn't rinse off well
which i think irritated my skin
if you don't enjoy that rubber feeling that some soaps give your skin
it's managed to cause an annoying flare up
it's not drying but feels filmy almost.
i usually love everything i try from origins
it felt as if the cleanser left a weird film that clogged my pores
this cleanser seemed to leave some kind of layer on my face
it's frothy, yes, but not drying.
i noticed that i was getting pretty bad large pimple kind of acne all over my chin
don't buy this if you have acne prone skin!
i find if i don't moisturize right away
this cleanser doesn't fix it
it also doesn't do a great job at taking of mascara
a plus of this cleanser is you need the tiniest bit to get it to foam up
i found that this cleanser did a good job of removing my makeup
it stings which i don't mind
then dries down to a film that doesn't do much
it's great at reducing pimples
it smells sort of funny, but not unbearable.
honestly you have to use a teeny amount on a pimple
i do get an annoying pimple every couple weeks or so
didn't help my pimple unless i used it over
can't use before or after makeup as its so drying it makes the skin patchy
it doesn't remove blemishes as fast as i would've hoped
i only use it with big problem pimples.
it does not make the pimple disappear overnight
it does go on matte
it's the tiniest little bottle ever
it didn't irritate my skin at all
while this didn't help me in reducing an occasional pimple or breakout
this is just a heavier moisturizer that doesn't even moisturize that well
my skin didn't absorb it.
instead it's a bit greasy
it just soso, not hydrate enough in winter.
even mixing w/something less thick
too thick, so doesn't soak in.
it's back to ginzing energy booster moisturizer for me
i guess it's a good face wash if your face is super oily
sometimes bothers my eyes
once it's on my face it looks so oily
there's no shine as for anti aging effect it's too soon for me since i don't have any wrinkles yet
this one was too greasy
i don't usually use night moisturizers because i have combination skin so sometimes when it's not that cold/dry i can get away without moisturizing
i don't even bother with night creams because i'm so lazy
it goes on greasy
i can't imagine wearing make up over it
the formula isn't easy to spread -it's really thick
my issue with this serum is that it honestly feels like a glorified primer
it feels very heavy with silicon like it doesn't sink into my skin
because it "sits" on top of the skin it makes me feel like my lotion can't sink in either
it's almost gel-like so when i put it on my face
i find that right after i put it on it makes my face feel oily or greasy
does not leave me oily or shiny in the morning
not to mention, the scent is overwhelming.
it was nothing some of my regular moisturizer couldn't fix
i tried to ignore the scent
didn't do anything for brightness or dark spots though
all it did was make my face so oily
the jar packaging is such a bad idea.
it doesn't work with my oily complexion as i had increased breakouts while using it
it does seem a bit oily
not great for oily or combination skin like my own
having your face feel sticky
i don't typically get acne
this is not a bad cleanser
took forever to rinse off if you used too much.
leaves a film that's hard to rinse off
it will work better for someone who has really clogged pores or oily skin?
i find that even with makeup wipes
then this cleanser it doesn't leave a squeaky clean feeling after
what's worse is that if you have ever gotten it in your eye while washing your face it stings like no other cleanser i have encountered
i think this cleanser might be good if you have oily skin
it just doesn't have what i need to keep my pores clean
what's really weird to be about this mask is that while it states that it clears pores
it didn't clear my pores at all
didn't help with blackheads at all
this does work as a mask
the smell was okay like it didn't smell bad.
it wasn't that hard to wash off
this effect doesn't happen with origin's face mask
it's a good mask for those who aren't as concerned with pores
regardless of how long i leave it on my face or if i use a damp cloth to remove this mask
it's such a hassle to struggle with taking this off
each time i used it i was so oily so quick afterwards
it's a rather thin formula
i've found it's really only good for drying out existing pimples
it was not irritating
did little to nothing on clearing my pores
i also didn't realize any of my pores being reduced
i feel like my skin is now patchy with an oily t-zone
it did get some of my blackheads out
i get maybe one or 2 super annoying blackheads a month
doesn't make much of a difference w my skin
didn't really do anything for me except draw my blackheads out the tiniest bit
i wouldn't go as far to say that it cleans pores because
i wanted it to do what clay masks are supposed to do- unclog the pores
everyone likes it bc it doesn't over dry the skin- okay?
can't speak for effectiveness against puffiness or dark circles
it's a little on the greasy side.
this moisturizer does not sink into my skin
sometimes it even goes into my eyes
there must be a perfume of dye in here not safe for sensitive skin because i have never had a reaction to eye cream like this product
cool at first then doesn't leave a greasy feel
it doesn't do anything special in terms of lightening my dark circles or smoothing out my wrinkles
it is not greasy at all.
not bad for eye cream.
i get milia easy
it is not greasy and i seem less puffy in the am.
did not fade dark shadows as the description implies
didn't notice my acne reduce at all
it doesn't really help with acne
i figured if it keeps my acne under control who cares what it smells like because it's not a strong enough smell that i'm going to smell like it after its washed off
this product doesn't work for me as pore cleanser
didn't help with my oily skin too much
don't buy this to remove makeup, it's not great.
i think i need something more coarse
it did nothing for my rosacea or fine lines.
i still have the occasional break out
it is way too foamy to use with it.
its ok it really dries out your face
it foams into a nice lather which is great if you are using a clarisonic
this wash does not sop up oil as promised.
perhaps for a day or if you want to wear makeup without becoming dried out
my skin feel it is covered with thick layer of paste that doesn't smell nice
the worse thing is that it doesn't help my skin to hydrate
my skin does not change at all in texture
i don't think my skin drinks this.
the mask gave me breakouts avery time i used it
it doesn't add any moisturizer into my skin
i couldn't continue using because i felt like it was clogging my skin
this one feels greasy while it's on
you're supposed to be able to pat it off with a tissue--ha
which doesn't give me the feel of intense moisture
hydrating- you tell that it is absorbed into your skin if you look at the mirror when you put it on
even after you wash it off it leave your face a weird greasy feeling
i didn't feel that my skin absorbed any moisture.
it's more like a medium to heavy lotion
even if your skin is super oily
don't have to smell it for long
i don't really use it all too often just because of the horrid smell
it didn't really do the trick for the dry skin
felt heavier than other moisturizers which i can't st
i'd stay away if you truly have oily skin.
i like the smell though.
maybe it was just a bad product match for my skin in particular because other reviewers with oily skin seem to have had luck with it
i absolutely hate the feeling of heavy oiliness making me feel like it's going to melt my skin off
i don't know if it's because the consistency is so thin i end up using more product
you know oily with some dry patches because my skin doesn't know what it wants to be
then i tried just using the zero oil astringent alone without having to apply lotion afterward
feel oily again maybe 30 minutes after application
i just couldn't stomach the smell of this
tightens my skin enough to where i almost worry about makeup application
i guess you can call it lightweight because it's really watery
it didn't make my skin matte
it doesn't control my oil that much
you cannot feel it on your skin
it is known to be really bad for acne prone skin
maybe it's the packaging.
love the feeling of it on my face it's like a cooling
kinda warm too the smell is literally like vicks which is fine clears out my sinuses too which is a plus the only thing is i don't think it's worth the price it does what it's supposed to shrinks the pimple
it didn't do anything for my clogged pores
i honestly don't find that this mask did much as a spot treatment for blemishes or acne
doesn't dry like a mud mask so you just have to time it when you use it
i didn't feel that it helped to moisturize my skin much
it does not absorb into the skin--it's definitely just a mask
it's an okay mask
which was a nice change from the masks i'm usually using
jawline which is where most acne comes from there is from stress if you don't normally get at me
use it multiple times on the spot treatment you can get some reynolds wrap
it's helps with some acne issues overtime
i don't enjoy the smell at all when it's on my face
it didn't seem to speed healing of breakouts
i unfortunately don't see myself repurchasing since the mask did absolutely nothing to my skin except leave a pungent smell
this one doesn't seem to improve my skin condition at all
the mask does a pretty good job of getting rid of excess oil without drying out your face
it didn't hydrate at all
didn't work for my combo skin
now it seems you've fallen into the "charcoal" trend instead of focusing on your staple skin care line
it doesn't moisturize throughout the day as it claimed
it does not feel heavy
i will probably not be cluttering my vanity with it once i finish this bottle
this stuff ain't cheap
didn't clog my pores nor did it give me acne.
deceiving packaging, too bad.
it does not give you a matte finish
uhg so much for a no makeup day my skin looks disgusting
maybe it can at least do something good to my larger pores oily t-zone
i guess it's targeted to oily
it's a good product for someone with oily skin.
on days that i wasn't wearing much makeup
i felt this didn't provide enough moister.
as it's hard to dispense the proper amount of product
if you're dry it's not the best
creaming residue like u know how u erase something on a paper with an eraser it leaves like these eraser residue
it's the same residue but in makeup form.
at least i know it's the gel
not my skin care products
pros: it doesn't clog or weigh down.
i still found myself with flaky
doesn't irritate my skin
what i don't like is how it reacts with my makeup
primer together leave my fingers a weird color
this cream has a strange smell to it that i didn't love
my skin didn't seem more plush even after twice daily use
you'll have black streaks on your face
the only thing i found it did was moisturize
just a dab is enough
does not allow the powder to clump in the t-zone by the end of the day
i don't really have crows feet
it's also way too light
it is not ideal when applied under makeup because it will make your eye makeup slide
use it only at night if you wear makeup
maybe since it's fine for all skin types it's par for everyone
i just see now that this helps crepey lids
what i like most is that my eyes do not burn or tear when i use it
it's no miracle cream but i like it fine.
i don't have a bad complexion
other than my face just looks shiny
my skin will not breath well
doesn't deliver the effects it used to
my face would feel sticky or like an oil slick
just know that this stuff will make your skin shiny
it almost feels like you have grease on your face
it's just very sticky
i didn't like the fact that it made my face a bit oily throughout the day
it can get a bit tacky
it does not hydrate at all.
however the overt amount of moisture/oils that this product provides lets me know that there is dryer skin than mine out there
it sits on top and you look really oily.
it has a really greasy formula that sits on top of your skin
the skin doesn't feel smooth
hate that it's a dropper waste a lot
it's to easy to knock over
this is certainly not a bottle for the bathroom counter or vanity
it's pretty annoying to still have to buy my $50 clinique moisturizer in addition to this
great serums actually leave your face shiny
i can't find the box or receipt.
bought this because i was obsessing over the fact that one of my eyelids seemed to sag a bit
please don't waste your money.
is there such a thing as an eye serum that's too light?
you know, those small but annoying bumps.
my skin hates any kind of cone
sometimes my skin would feel clammy instead of squeaky clean if used alone
it did nothing to get rid of my breakouts
you can't turn over the bottle to let it pour out because it's so thick
it's a bit thicker than other cleansers i have used it's just ok :
my pores are not of issue
i try not to inhale much when i put this on.
i don't like the chemical scent i get.
this wash is nothing but garbage.
don't waste your money.
it's been giving me tiny little red pimples all over my face
maybe it's just my skin detoxing
acne prone skin you might want something that'll penetrate deeper
it does its job at getting your face clean buuuut it doesn't help with pores or acne
that ends up with me either using too much of the black cleanser
while i don't believe this cleanser made my skin worse
it didn't cleanse very well
maybe if your skin is mostly fine this is an okay cleanser
actually makes me a little queasy
the product isn't bad for your skin
don't waste your money!
it does nothing for my complexion.
i usually love algenist products
it doesn't feel as firming as other products i've tried
it wasn't sticky or to heavy
however does not provide enough moisture for my skin
it doesn't break out my sensitive skin
too pricy for just a moisturizer
didn't even moisturize or firm
it doesn't even moisturize well
it does seem to be tightening
i did like that it was not sticky
doesn't match up to the price tag of the cream
i also don't like that it comes in a tub
don't waste your money
unless this product is supposed to help you cultivate a face full of pimples then this cream deserves 25 stars one for each zit
this cream does not clog them at all
product does not smooth the crepey look around my eyes
i know eye cream doesn't work over night.
it would still be useless
there's no instant lift
it's just like applying moisturizer under the eye
even the crepe-iness smoothed out too
hydration-yes, tightening--not even.
don't waste your money
this product does not decrease puffiness right away like other products i have tried
i like it for daytime because it's not oily
maybe it's a skin type issue.
it's also suppose to be lightweight
i am not "acne prone"
i feel like it's a waste
it makes your face feel gross
i think this moisturizer would be better for someone with mostly combination skin instead of oily skin
if they made this unscented i would buy it again for sure
so you'll have to go
i don't see that this product does anything to mattify my skin or make my pores smaller
bad idea - so shiny!
i don't know how it's good for oily/combo complexions
my t zone is still just at oily as before if not more
i actually bought this moisturizer because it didn't make my face seem a flat matte
otherwise seems to work fine
all that fragrance can't be good for my skin.
not for combination skin!
whenever i put this product on my tzone i get super shiny
didn't minimize my pores like it claims either
my skin would just drink this product
this product doesn't do anything for my oily skin
it is not balancing my skin if anything it is making my nose dryer than it was before
i didn't notice any change in my pores or skin condition
it's a tad too heavy for my oiler areas
this made me super greasy
after an hour or so my skin gets so oily
a sales recommended this to me say it was good for oily skin
so for me it didn't blend easy.
my skin cannot tolerate this formula.
it does not smooth on easily on your skin
probably because of the fragrance
it's light weight which makes it great for all skin types
it's going in the garbage
does not smell like roses at all
because it's perfume and not skin care.
maybe it's too thick for me or there is something in the ingredients that's clogging my pores
i don't get the 4.5 stars on this product!
i didn't see a difference in skin texture or quality
only my nose gets shiny even in the winter
i mean all my face was super shiny to the point that i had to clean my face with a damp washcloth to get rid of it
i can't imagine this being use by people with oily skin
it's so strong it actually has a chemical smell.
it's hard to get over, and it lingers forever.
f you have ridiculously oily skin be careful
this isn't a bad night cream by any means
the only issue i have is that it's hard to spread
which means the jar doesn't last as long
this packaging just doesn't make sense
doesn't wash off my makeup completely
is annoying to try to get out of the tube to use
using a squeeze tube for this product seems silly as it is a rather unforgiving thick oil
doesn't strip my skin
'm not a fan of having to wipe it off with a towel as this cannot be rinsed
couldn't use it to remove eye makeup because it would sting whenever i tried
doesn't do that great of a job cleaning the day off of your face
i don't like how there are no good way to keep the muslin cloth clean for every time you need to use it with this product
it sits on the skin and doesn't rinse off.
i can't give this product a good rating because the scent is heavy
you can't use it to remove eye makeup
i'd rather not have a cloth full of makeup that needs cleaning to wash my face
it think it's too pricey.
unfortunately, this isn't that cleanser.
it does remove all of my makeup
it doesn't wash clean
didn't remove my mascara at all
don't waste your money or time.
the product does not form a foam
it's quick and easy to use.
it certainly didn't moisturize my skin
i can't report any softening of fine lines or wrinkles
the odd part is that it is not hydrating for me which si strange sicne it cintains hyaluronic acid which is a vehicle that delivers moisture deep into the skin
makes no difference on your face.
it doesn't burn or smell bad.
i do like the texture
it's just fine at night
or you don't wear makeup very often
this stuff just doesn't absorb
it was a disgusting mess
it just leaves a very tacky feeling on the skin
very messy does not soak into skin well
make them look greasy
it's a rotten kind of smell that is overbearing
it is just not perfumey
which is good because i don't want perfume on my skin
i can't stand the smell of this!
perricone products always get a bad rep for smelling undesirable
"am i crazy or does this smell like fish skin?
the main thing i don't like about it is for an expensive cream it does not feel at all luxurious
i do think it's made my skin less dry so that' i like
why companies ruin good products with bad scents
couldn't get past the smell
however, i cannot get past the disgusting smell.
what on earth are they thinking with this "scent"
i can't wear it because of the unpleasant odor
it does moisturize but the smell isn't the best.
it's suppose to smell like oranges
it has a very bad odor as you apply it
i think that's better for my oily summer skin
i know it's perfect for his skin which is also quite oily
it's messy because it gets under your fingernails
do not buy if you have oily skin.
sheer transformation is much better for oily monsters
the last thing i want to put on my squeaky clean face is something that stinks
i only use this product at night because it is a bit greasy
i can't smell it while i sleep
i just can't get past the smell
i am usually not bothered by smells of products
smell before you buy
i couldn't get over how bad it smelled
i can't reallydo that because of the stinging
this creme just isn't for me
it's overly fragranced which is one of the reasons why i gave it only two stars
can't get past the musty towel smell of this product which remains long after application
i just can't deal with this creme's smell
though that's probably just the combination of the citrus
oily in the mean time
while it did do that it also clogged my pores really bad all over my face
i don't mind the smell
i just cant get over that smell it smells almost orange with tons of chemicals
didn't seem to be absorbing
i didn't find the smell as overpowering as some reviews
absorbs oh so well
i guess i should have smelled this before i used it because it smells disgusting
i just can't get over the smell!
i definitely don't think you need super smelling powers to detect this one
this doesn't even resemble an orange sent like some people mentioned
man...that's seriously stinky.
guess my pillow will now stink
i don't care for the smell
it's hard to get a small enough amount from the dispenser that it doesn't overwhelm my eyes
it doesn't irritate my eyes
it didn't give me a matte feeling or a matte appearance
it does not do anything for oil control on my oily nose
i still have yet to find a miracle product that works on my large visible clogged pores no matter how much i exfoliate everyday
it didnt not really help my oily skin
it could be that my skin is too oily
which didn't leave a nice canvas for makeup to be applied afterwards
your makeup doesn't look as good when you apply it over this product because your skin is dry
out of nowhere my skin got super shiny
my skin is no less oily when using this product than it is when i use others
my face actually looks shiney after applying it!
this didn't seem to sit well under my foundation on dryer areas like my cheek
i didn't get the matte effect when applied either
it's just a sticky treatment that sits on your face
this stuff has a gross color
i couldn't get past the tacky/sticky feeling it left on my skin
it's just too heavy for my combination skin
it made my face feel sticky
product did not make my combination skin oily
it looks like they want you to use their makeup remover first
there are much better cleansers out there that will get your face squeaky clean in one step
plus it's not a liquid
i didn't feel it helped with puffiness under my eyes
you could use a cold spoon to do the same trick.
i don't usually buy things on a whim
once it didn't cool at all
i can't say much for the affects of puffy eyes
but i can say it goes or greasy and stays greasy.
doesn't make my eyes look brighter or more awake
this stuff is really tingly when applied
didn't much help my puffy eyes
my dark circles are more red than brown or black so might just be me
it's not lifting type of tightening
really isn't as it's 'recommended' that you keep the inner cap on so the product doesn't dry out so you essentially have two caps to remove
the tube is even made of this dense plastic which makes it feel like there's a lot of it in there
it really did nothing for puffiness or dark circles
i don't suffer from puffy eyes too often
this one just doesn't cut it
did nothing for puffiness, circles, etc.
it actually made my eyes sting
although clarins product usually breaks me out
it does not hydrate at all
...but it's good as a hand cream...
i did like the texture
i am not acne prone
i don't have any wrinkles on my face
i cannot use it in the summertime
if i use it everyday i find it aggravates my acne
dark circles that i occasionally have
it doesn't irritate skin
i can even follow it with a chemical exfoliator to really get deep into action
t doesn't dry your skin out completely so when you remove it your skin is balanced unlike other clay masks
you only need a little to cover your face
i do like:- you can actually have a conversation with another human being as it dries on your face
i try a lot of masks
i do sometimes get acne breakouts
as if you can feel it cleaning out your pores
this cream does not irritate me.
or need a cleanser to take off your makeup completely
i don't know if the dark spots have minimalized
which normally gets a little oily in the t-zone by midday
it can make my skin a bit oily which isn't even my main complaint
having half a bottle of lotion that i can't use is unacceptable
the moisturizer actually absorbs into the skin when this does not
i can't see how it would work for an oily or combination skin type
doesn't help spots at all
do not recommend for oily skin as it's described.
oily gals you're going to look like a grease ball after a couple hours
it doesn't have any added fragrances
if you're oily like me
the smell is simply unbearable.
i can tell my skin texture
doesn't feel greasy later in the day
dull skin if i don't do peels regularly
this facial oil is simply okay in my opinion.
can't get over the smell
thankfully, the smell dissipates.
i do like the smell of this oil
although i wouldn't say it's the most hydrating oil ever
i do think it clogs my pores
all i've heard if it's good pure 100%oil must absorbs to skin quickly
my skin just wont soak it
i'll never find out because i couldn't tolerate the horrid smell
unfortunately this treatment doesn't exfoliate my skin very well at all
didn't even my skintone
i can't get past the smell
this cause an all over craziness
it is a myth that your skin purges before it gets better
i also couldn't get past the smell.
can't say i noticed a whole lot as far as improvement on wrinkles or pores goes
the smell is so bad i just can't
doesn't foam up like i would prefer.
you must shake this before using otherwise it's more of a runny mess
it is hard to do that when this is so easy to slip out between your fingers
doesn't feel like it's actually cleaning anything
this mask doesn't produce suds
not just a face wash
smells like clay and didn't do much for my skin.
didn't clear up my breakouts or prevent more
it was just blah
my t-zone was still oily by the end of the day
it does not suds up
there's no difference in my pores
i could get a cleanser that i'm crazy about
i don't think the smell is bad
scents typically don't bother me
it does have that clay smell to it
my first issue is that it doesn't clean.
pros: it cleansit helps with oily skincons: does not help with ance at allcan dry out skinsmell is way too strongtoo expensive for the quality
which i usually like
i guess it's suppose to smell like clay
a smell that you may tolerate
i just can't get pass that smell
it wasn't horrible as a cleanser
what's a girl gotta do to get some rose oil extract or something?
it does seem to be overpriced though.
clay-like texture but it did nothing for my skin.
it would probably be fine for oily skin
my face didn't feel clean afterwards.
it also didn't help with my redness
this made my skin feel really "clean" however it's not foamy or anything
it literally feels like you're not washing your face
it's kindof drying too.
which could be irritating for some people
it also doesn't smell very good once you rub it in on your face
my skin doesn't seem to look different
i felt like i needed 2 pumps of the cleanser each time because it doesn't lather as well as other cleansers
it's a bummer cause i normally use their regular yellow face lotion
i do love the repair wear night cream!
if you don't mind the price tag this reminds me of pond's combination skin moisturizer that was discontinued in 2002
it is light weight does not leave you oily
it doesn't help with fine lines at all
i only used it at night-- it's way too heavy for daytime
greasy that my face feels disgusting this morning
you would just melt
doesn't it need dark glass to protect it from light?
hope to find out that it's not clogging my pores
it is not all that easy to use if you like to layer products
by giving me breakouts i look like a tween going through puberty all over again
i don't have really deep wrinkles
realised just how oily this thing is
have normal skin that's not prone to acne
i don't care for the scent
dropper style glass bottle seems a poor choice on the part of ren
this doesn't help to improve or even conceal my frown line
i doesn't minimize wrinkles
even when waiting the requisite 5 minutes+ after applying my makeup didn't set right
i didn't expect miracles for my deep wrinkles
i usually love the algenist line
over-priced moisturizer that also didn't do much to help my breakouts
it's not a bad products.
does not leave any build-up or greasy feeling
let me tell you-it burns
around my mouth no matter how much moisturizer i put on
doesn't do much for acne
my skin would immediately feel greasy after applying
it doesn't really hydrate my sensitive combination skin enough
doesn't leave a greasy residue
if you don't have acne
only the occasional small pimple it might possibly work
it doesn't cause peeling or any other problems for me
it's like the effectiveness stopped
recommend only using it during the summer because your makeup gets very oily during those times
it didn't provide any moisture
small pimples everywhere that don't go away
i don't break out often if that makes sense
it's too heavy for my oily skin in the middle of summer
it's too expensive to waste.
the spout needs to be smaller so when you squeeze the product not a huge glob comes out
i felt the moisturizer in this product wasn't enough to balance out the salicylic acid
yes it does decrease acne breakouts
it doesn't overly dry out the area like some are prone to do
only overnight acne treatment i have ever bought that made my skin feel oilier
it almost feels greasy
it doesn't clear up the couple of zits i get a month
this one just doesn't seem to have the right mojo for my skin
everyone's skin is different
don't normally get acne except once a month
doesn't actually heal them in a day
i will just stick with my clean n' clear.
it's not overly drying or irritating
unless you take too long on rubbing it in
i get the occasional break out
would be a good moisturizer if it wasn't for the feet smell
for some reason it has glitter in it
did not help my acne prone skin
not to light not to heavy
rather stick to products i know don't cause breakouts
you could smell it most of the day.
can't wear it under makeup
it doesn't smell as good
irritating scent that annoys your eyes
also don't want acne
this product did not soak into my skin well
which i find irritates my eyes
i found this product made my skin dryer which is weird because it's a moisturizer
does not leave skin greasy
it's not greasy during the day
i think it would make them oily
i can't imagine using this in the winter when my skin would really need the moisture boost
i don't even like the feeling on my eyes while the mask is on
it's nice if your put it in the fridge
i don't feel any change after this eye mask.
it just seemed kind of sticky/tacky
it wasn't really plump with moisture
it doesn't form to your face/eyes.
i don't get puffy eyes very often
just started using the mask and it's okay.
the mask didn't really make much of a difference with the puffiness
while i don't have many wrinkles
i cannot even describe the fact other than it just smells unpleasant
they do not smell like the ptr acne line
the acne clearing wash is about the only thing that is good
i feel like it clogged my pores more
this does literally nothing for my breakouts
the post-blemishes redness still there after they're gone
it did not help my acne or my post acne spots.
it contained products i normally use "aha's" to keep my skin looking good plus the salicylic acid which i normally don't use
seen my skin fail miserably
it's a one pump use
it's generous if it works for you.
don't purchase this product if you have mild acne
it didn't even mattify my oil because i was so oily i could fry a burger on my face
it's an awefully expensive product just to make mt face feel smooth
it stings when it's applied
i like that this didn't make my skin scaly
flaky like a lot of other products
i still get the same amount of zits
i'd say it's good for acne marks
as far as preventing new pimples--didn't even make a dent
this product wasn't irritating at all
doesn't provide enough moisture for me
did not work well to hydrate after using the peter roth cleanser that was very harsh on my skin
for something called "oil free" i still have an awfully oily forehead
the pump doesn't dispense product out
gives me maybe about 2 extra hours of being not as oily
i did not like the artificial smell
it definitely didn't help my skin to become less oily
this stuff smells soooo medicated its overpowering
it does leave me greasy
i wouldn't wear this under makeup.
the foundation doesn't quite stick to it
it is not near matte enough
don't think it's that my skin is too dry for this
2) didn't stay matte, or hold shine.
if i don't use it i'm blotting at 11.
it will be going back because my drugstore mattifying lotion is just as good
this product makes my face greasier after the 3-step
if it's supposed to mattify the skin
i think this would be good if you have oily skin.
it's actually bad for your skin
you do not get the sense that it is truly penetrating the skins layers to provide the anti-aging
like the skin can't breathe
i can't place my finger on what the smell is
yeah it's hydrating but only for like 5 minutes.
wasn't heavy at all
it doesn't diminish my redness or make my skin particularly soft
i think this is better for people who have combination oil to oily skin
first of all i don't get the smell
to me it's more like some oil gone bad smell to me
to the extent that i just wanted to rewash my hair
i usually like caudalie products.
doesn't make me greasy
i find to greasy for the day
not good for your hair
it does look good on your table fyi :-)
i don't think it's too old ladyish i love the smell
yikes i don't want to stink like an old lady for 30 minutes
i can't get past the scent.
the fragrance did not dissipate at all
everyone's skin is different
it doesn't soak right in
however the scent just isn't for me
it still wasn't perfect because i'm not sure why the bottle top is a mister/spray dispenser rather than any other type of dispensing system more suited to oil
i couldn't really pinpoint the scent
it isn't a really good dry oil because it doesn't actually absorb well
it just did not impress me as some of the other caudalie oils/serums
it will leave an oil stain on clothing if you are not careful
the overly "green" smell does not dissipate while you sleep so be prepared to wash your bedding in the morning if you don't like the smell
maybe it's just my hair
this oil is just too heavy for my hair
it doesn't soak into my skin as well as josie maran's
it didn't irritate my skin
this one just doesn't cut it
it didn't really do anything for my red dehydrated skin
it doesn't moisturize in the slightest
this mask makes do difference to my skin it doesn't hydrate it at all
it on it is like a lotion it just soaks into your skin
but it didn't provide any lasting moisture.
i didn't find that this soothed my skin
it definitely didn't hydrate
i like masks, a lot.
it is just a mask that i use to make me feel coquette
if you're truly oily i think you will 100% love this
it does get pretty oily throughout the day
i didn't want to use any mattifying foundations in fear of my skin feeling like the sahara dessert
this was recommended to me as a good solution to my combo/oily skin that i was fighting over the summer
it's not hydrate for me at all
it's not my taste.
instead it broke me out horribly bc it did not moisturize my skin at all
it it not greasy
it also doesn't have spf
this product didn't moisturize enough for me
i guess i'll mix it with another moisturizer.
i don't like to feel like i have layers of product on my face
but does it keep you matte?
i would not recommend this to people with oily skin
it actually made my skin dryer
because it's less greasy
doesn't have a smooth matte look at all
might be good for someone with oily skin that doesn't need a lot of extra moisture
i could feel it clogging my pores
just seemed like a regular moisturizer to me
it's a heavier moisturizer for sure
it didn't brighten my eyes in any way.
it's only wheat products that have ever bothered my skin
if there's something wheat based in this product
doesn't cover up too dramatically
colour is horrible - doesn't blend.
makes my makeup run
don't waste your $ on this
did not help with my dark circles or brighten.
it didn't seem to minimize puffiness or correct the color of the skin under the eyes
it's a little oily on my skin
comes out tinted but doesn't cover anything.
it doesn't irritate my eyes
the only thing it did was maybe soothe any puffiness
(yes, the tube lasts that long!)
like i am suffering from bad allergies
while i will admit it helped to lighten my dark circles perhaps a shade or 2
it has shinny stuff so that's why it's lights up you undereye area
don't waste your money on this if you're looking to correct dark circles
not a bad light moisturizer
i found this "corrector" did nothing for the darkness
i also did not like the hard applicator tip.
there are small bits of glitter in it which i am not fond of
does not cause my allergies to act up
i did not realize the "optics" were actually going to be a shimmer underneath my eyes
so do my wrinkles
it's reakky bad under concealers too.
i am usually not good about sticking with a regimen
important: do not get this product too close to your lash line
you need to be careful when applying it as sometimes it "pops" out
not enough so to completely hide the dark circles
the color of it did not match my skin tone
did nothing to disguise my dark circles
i don't feel it helped much with puffiness
i still didn't notice a difference with my sun spots or other blemishes
don't waste your money.
if you don't get clogged very easily
i can see someone with dry skin who doesn't mind heavy products liking this
i don't think it gives my skin any more help than my moisturizer
didn't hydrate my skin as i expected it to.
after using the whole bottle i don't see any changes on my skin
your regular skin care regimen doesn't seem to be enough to battle the cold weather
if you already have oily skin i do not recommend this oil
i don't see any real changes to the texture of my skin when using this
so maybe my skin is just too oily for this
it doesn't help for acne or to uneven skin.
if your face is even the tiniest bit acne-prone
i don't like the smell of the ferulic acid
i feel like it didn't make a difference in my fine lines or freckles
i know it was not the serum because that stuff goes on matte
i wanted this to fade my hyper pigmentation
it didnt do anything as to brighten my face or any marks
unfortunately it's also breaking out a bit
it doesn't make my face greasy
basically like i said it didnt fade any spots or prevent breakouts
i don't see any improvement on my skin's texture or fine lines
so watch out for this product if you also get acne-prone skin
i realize retinol can often force your skin to purge a little when first using
i can't handle the smell it's too strong for me.
it's very messy to use with the weird pump thing.
rendered the push-top applicator completely useless because there was not enough product in there to get 'pushed' out
you're supposed to pump the product out
the pump doesn't work
it's just too thick to work with the pump.
honestly didn't like waking up to a powdery white substance all over my face
you won't wake up with all your blemishes magically gone
you will have your pimples come to a head
the thought is there for the packaging where you do not want to dip your grubby h
i find that the pump clogs quite a bit
i don't think it really improved the appearance of zits much because it left these dark red spots
did not help iwth me acne on my combo skin
usually use it as a spot treatment unless my skin is really bad
i don't have bad acne
i don't like the way the product comes out of the container
i wouldn't say my pores are smaller after i use the mask
it's not too harsh on the skin
in places where blackheads do not exist
it isn't a product that does much for acne
i would test it out if you've tried benzoyl peroxide
my already oily skin did not like this.
if you aren't into fragrance then avoid
it still gets 3 stars for it's quality
only to find out that this stuff just smells funky
super greasy, super smelly, not for me
i normally use skin care in the $100ish price range
it does moisturize, but that is all it does.
sure is expensive boob cream :-)
smells like something the grannies would wear
i do know that i have oily skin
once you get it on i can't notice the smell
it also leaves a bit of a tacky feel when i touch my face
irritating for skin like me
didn't do anything for my brown spots.
the honest truth this doesn't brighten or even the skin tone
it didn't brighten my skin
it didn't change the texture
if i do, i wear heat.
t does feel like you're losing a lot of product on your fingers upon application
it's very effective if you're looking to brighten your skin
i could've gotten the same effect smearing baby oil on my face for eighty dollars less
even if that were the case putting that acidic an ingredient on my face i don't think would make my skin very happy
i don't see changes on my skin color except it seem to start thinning my skin
it's a little oily on my skin
i swear by his max complexion correction pads though
i don't drink enough water
one thing i don't like about it is how it squirts out when you pump the bottle
it's not made well in how it dispenses.
i do think it's helping with the hydration on my skin
because of this it's not a product you can put on your fingertips to apply
t's hard to tell if my skin was dull or just pale before starting to use this product
guess it's too harsh for my skin
it's so oily i didn't even want to put it on my face
my skin is still dull
realize it's the eye cream
i can't have my eyes stinging all day
this under eye cream doesn't make a difference for people with dark under eye circles
don't expect it to be anything more than an undereye moisturizer
it doesn't even brighten after 30 days
my concealer did not even stay on nicely because my eye was tearing
it doesn't promise long term effects
the cream does not provide enough moisture for my undereye area
it badly irritates me every time the slightest molecule somehow gets into my eyes
burns like crazy if you get it near your eye lids
but it does not moisturize at all.
it's not even hydrating or refreshing
this really doesn't feel like it's sinking in or rightfully moisturizing my face
didn't help with balancing my oil skin
if you don't have sensitive or acne-prone skin you might like this
the fact that it dispenses from a pump is great bc you avoid getting germs into the container every time you apply
even though it doesn't leave any residue
for my skin type
this moisturizer should get more stars because it's decent
i think this would be good for oily or summer skin
i like that it's light
doesn't irritate my acne-prone skin
it's good to have something to put on your face after a shower
weirdly burns my eyes sometimes just from being on my face
it's definitely a good one to keep in your arsenal if you decide to wash your face midday
this is a rather small container if you moisturize morning
it's simple, light, doesn't break me out.
it doesn't soak in too well
the reason i am giving it 2 stars is because it is scentless
it didn't help my dryness at all
do not use if you have combo to oily skin will break you out
this doesn't hydrate my skin enough
the pump is great so you aren't having to dip into a jar
as in i get flaky all year around
there must be an ingredient that my skin can't tolerate
didn't seem to be enough moisture for my skin
it is almost too oily to even wear at night
i don't feel like it delivers much moisture at all
doesn't react to my skin
it is way too greasy for my combination skin
i can't tell if i've broken the only way to dispense the lotion or i've used it all within 2 weeks
feels like it's covered in oil
not to mention i can't unscrew it to check if there's any product left
i didn't notice my skin get any brightening effect
still like the cream
there's a lot to love about this moisturizer.
it's not for oily or combination skin at all
we got crazy pimples all over our noses
it felt more like a greasy substance of film leftover on my face
slightly accomplishes what it's intended to do
rep made this seem like miracle in a jar
i can tell this cream is only good for nighttime
i can not go without this moisturizer
now it goes on tacky
the only brightening effect is a shiny slick all over my face that does not sink in
my face rarely breaks out
it doesn't really absorb into skin
it wasn't greasy to start with
that may be enough for those who have greasy skin that magnifies their pores
just couldn't get past the smell
this stuff smells rotten
do not buy if you have acne prone skin
this is not tingling it's burning.
twigs in the sample pack which doesn't bother me
i didn't find this mask did anything for my skin besides provide some freshness upon its removal
the sensation it gives your face isn't bad
i think what's breaking me out is the little pumice bits
i still like this mask
i know it's supposed to tingle
definitely try a sample before purchasing just in case you can't tolerate the tingle either
a pot full of trash that kinda gets cold.
i doesn't keeps its moisture.
the leaves or whatever in it are kind of odd too
it's basically just a regular charcoal type mud mask that other br
except it's got annoying dried leaves in it that make it difficult to spread onto the skin
considering washing this stuff off feels like going at your skin with wet s
not bad that it's unbearable to have on unless maybe you have sensitive skin
it's pretty expensive for the amount of product you get
i couldn't justify getting the big jar.
nothing i couldn't achieve with a regular face mask
maybe they're cheaping out?
probably not purchasing anything else from glam glow
i do like the wand though.
does not have no awkward medicine smell to it
it's hard to get the excess product off
i wouldn't say it's eye-illuminating
the applicator is silly
it seems to be a gimmick
don't waste your money.
the roller ball just seems plain silly
because it is pure junk
the applicator is just silly
i agree that the applicator is ridiculous!!
could be this just doesn't jive with my skin
my face rarely breaks out--
not the typical t-zone spots
however i wasn't over the moon about the texture
i am very particular with my creams as it can ruin or improve your makeup very quickly
i can't say for sure if this is a result of the high heat temps i'm dealing with
or if it's the product itself
i did not like the smell wither.
you have to use a bit of it for the foamy affects
can't see it lasting too long
i will say that it's gentle
i will stick with lamer for my cleansing routine in the future
i guess it just was not the right formula for my sensitive oily skin
definitely not for combo/oily skin
no yucky feeling like some other oil cleanser.
if you wear heavy makeup i don't think this will do the job for you
it felt odd having an oil cleanser
its disgusting to have it feel so oily even though its a "cleansing oil"
so that you don't have to stick your fingers in it
a plus for those germaphobes out there.
it is just enough to give your skin the moisture it needs without leaving your skin feeling like you just washed it in a vat of oil
i liked that this is a clear serum without any odor that goes on easily
feels slightly sticky until it does
i don't see much difference in the appearance of my fine lines or skin texture
have yet to find anything that fades my acne scars
it's not an unpleasant feeling
while it does not brighten my dark spots
it doesn't feel like it's going into my skin enough to plump my face
primer that brightens the complexion that u don't need much concealer or foundation after this
it's a good eye balm
doesn't creep into my eyes
don't waste your money doesn't work any better than the eye creams that are half the price
does nothing at all for fine lines or dark circles
well hmm well i guess at the moment i applied it it did soften the wrinkle some
i can't tell if it's providing any anti-aging benefits or not
it's also possible that i just don't see enough sunlight to get the "liquid red light" effects
it did nothing for my eye puffiness or otherwise.
didn't feel heavy or unpleasant as i've found most eye creams to feel
if you can get past the unpleasant sensation
it's just an eye cream
i think it does clean pores well if you don't have a bad reaction to it
even though i make sure to seal the jar
i mean actual red like clown hair red
despite the tingly feeling i didn't notice any improvement in my breakouts
breakouts that we're bad.
i can't get past the smell.
the formula has chunks that feel like grass in it
there's hard chunks in the mix as well.
it doesn't help with breakout or clear pores.
it's just like the cleanser which is cheaper
that this treatment will bring all that nasty junk to a surface
if my cheek blemish didn't go down after this use it's gotta go
it's won't actually absorb into your face
i do like how it absorbs into my skin
'll probably keep if for after peels or masks
lightweight moisturizer that just didn't do much for my skin
my skin doesn't like the "plus" version.
i can't seem to find the plain, old cream.
is not greasy after application
this was just too heavy for my oily t-zone
which isn't really that oily
i wouldn't use this in my normal routine
it's stays matte for a little while
the pros are the smell wasn't off-putting
it's was a bit light to the touch
which i never have acne issues
if you don't wear foundation
it did keep me matte for 6-8 hours
i must have super oily skin where nothing i use works
do not wash in the morning because i tend to break out alot more when i wash in the morning
i feel like it's just making my face more oily
doesn't stay greasy at all
the smell is so bad
i just can't get past the smell
it's not incredibly greasy when i rub it into my h
once it's on my face
all it did was make me super oily/greasy
didn't seem to hydrate my skin at all
i also rarely get pimples
not sure if it tightens and firms skin.
tacky even hours after application
and it smells like stale saltines.
i would wait to apply eye makeup until after it's sunken in because it may cause make up to slide
this eye cream does nothing.
perhaps it's my age that makes this product only 2 stars
i didn't have issue with redness
i didn't really see any change in my fine lines or puffiness
i don't like the dispenser because it can be hard to control the amount that comes out
perhaps too well for my oily skin
this may work for you younger ladies or those without oily skin
at my age, i do not need any extra puffiness.
does not irritate my skin at all
it's rich yet non-oily
i don't like the smell
i just didn't like the thin layer that just wouldn't absorb
i think that's mostly bc my skin just doesn't need heavy cream moisturizers
it's one you have to use religiously
this product is not good for oily skin at all
i guess it's great for super oily skin people.
i couldn't get over the scent
other days it makes me an oily mess
i don't like the smell
you don't have to use a lot to completely moisturize your face
it's supposed to smell like cucumber
honestly smells almost like pickles
don't like the smell
it just feels like it clogs up my pores.
i used this cream during the day because i don't think it is moisturized enough at night in california
then use this lotus cream again in the summer to see if it's better
if you don't like lavender don't purchase this
murad products just don't seem to have any "oomph"
they may not be good for under your eyes because they thin the skin out
since i put concealer on my dark circles everyday i feel like i need a cream to firm
it's done nothing for my dark circles nor my fine lines
the burning is so distracting i had to wash my face to try
so besides the burning beware
it's not a cream, more like a gel?
however, it's irritating to my eyes.
i don't have under eye problems
i mean nothing makes my irritates my skin
it has it's benefits.
make sure that you wear extra sun screen when using this product
it just irritates my eyes and makes them sting.
the texture made it impossible to cover up the dark circles
if you get it in your eye
well i somehow think it may be filling in my fine lines
sting them like crazy
doesn't really work on acne scars that have been there a while
it has kind of a sticky tacky residue that just sits there for a while
other than that this will irritate your skin bad
you can see there's no difference at all--i just have a couple of pretty shallow acne scars on my cheek
it really bothers a little that it can't be absorbed fast
even then it was still sticky
i feel it is a bit too sticky to use during the day under makeup
it's not very visible if you are going out fresh faced
it didn't even irritate my sensitive skin which dries out at the slightest change
it's not a cheap product
it doesn't even work as good as some cheap products
somehow this made my skin red
it's really burn my skin so bad that i couldn't even put any other cream on
it's really irritate my skin.
i cannot get past the smell that i can keep smelling throughout the day on my face
i didn't realize it had salicylic acid
there's a decent amount in that jar
the fact that its just a nice smelling moisturizer in a fairly large jar does not justify the price
in the morning i'd usually have a bit of a weird residue on my skin
i don't mind the smell
it rolls like crazy under my makeup
this product did mask the oil
i can't use it with foundation
my pores seem to be the same size
i ordered this because reviewers stated that it would be great for oily acne prone skin
my pores seem to be purging themselves
simply does not provide enough moisture even for my combination-oily skin
it didn't even moisturizer properly
let alone give my skin a smooth appearance nor smaller pores
this irritates my skin and breaks me out!!
i don't see any improvement of my pores
making my skin feel a little tacky
i can't say that my skin feels moisturized
it doesn't absorb quickly enough for me to use as a makeup primer though
if you are natural ingredients freak like me stay away
i recommend finding something else for pores.
if anything it clogged them :(
i like this because it absorbs so quick
my pores are smoother when they're filled in with this product
basically didn't look at mirrors for my skin for
it does not tighten pores or smooth roughness perhaps the alguronic acid is good for skin
which i usually stay away from as i have oily skin
second it's beyond drying more than just your average let's use some moisturizer on top serum
it's about time to use an eye cream
on the plus side, it didn't irritate my skin.
i feel like i have got more winkle around my eyes
as just a serum is not enough for me
if you use much, it's a bit gooey.
if you're not wearing makeup that day
the active ingredients didn't reduce my dark circles nor the funny lines on my top lid
i don't have dark circles
i will add that typically i feel something when using strong enough retinol products
maybe the retinol content was just too low to effect my skin
i do like that it doesn't irritate my skin
as i've read that retinol tends to take up to 12 weeks to show results
i don't have problems with dark circles
it's in gel form
it doesn't seem to hydrate well at all
doesn't absorb into my skin well enough
do not purchase if you don't have extremely dry under eyes because this will not absorb easily into your skin
i don't notice any change to my dark circles
don't waste your money.
don't waste your money
i do love the non-sticky formula
9 mo old who is still nursing so there isn't much to help the dark circles from lack of sleep
ok so this doesn't brighten.
making it hard for concealers not to crease into fine lines
i feel like it doesn't hydrate enough to be a real solution for my skin
which makes it almost useless
i don't have issues with milia.
there's hardly any product in the jar.
it didn't brighten my eyes
it does nothing for my dark circles
it doesn't do anything to my light-dark circles
does not help lighten the actual dark circles
there's shimmer which isn't too bad in most lighting
it doesn't make them disappear completely
it's not oily and hasn't irritated my eyes.
it doesn't brighten at all.
while it's not a bad product
maybe i just have health issues i don't know about or my bad diet
its not disco crazy
i notice that if i put too much on it will leave a white residue in my creases
itching so bad i had to wash it off
did nothing for skin / dark circles.
products don't seem to stay on over it
my issue with it is that it makes my eyes itch.
the only thing i don't like is that it doesn't seem to really seep in
like i can feel it rub off on my fingers.
i also don't like the fact it has coconut oil in the ingredients as that is probably the ingredient that broke me out
it never stings or burns when i put it on
it just doesn't penetrate
i never liked using oils in my foundations before because they would make them runny
this product did not clog my pores or break me out
this cream oil just does not spread as easily as when i was in china
it's not ideal for my face
it was too oily it made me break out.
while this is great post-peel or on a cold winter's day it doesn't hydrate the skin
it's just too oily on its own
the only thing it did was make my lips peel
i found it very much greasy and too oily for me.
maybe try her 100% pure argan oil instead
maybe if you have cracks in your h
can't wear it during the day because it peels right off
don't have under eye wrinkles yet
i don't find this to help those patches
beware as you to will have silver flakes all over you
it didn't actually reduce puffiness
for aging skin it just doesn't have what it takes
it's done nothing for my under eye wrinkles
i usually use all about the eyes.
all about the eyes feels like butter.
don't waste your money on this.
didn't really moisturize either.
so much so that my concealer felt like it was just floating on a layer of moisturizer all day
i am skeptical of any products that don't melt into the skin right away
when it's still sticky
it didn't absorb or remotely dry out way into the a
you can wear it under makeup
doesn't hydrate my skin at all
don't waste your money on a moisturizer that really is nothing special
though my skin didn't feel that greasy when i woke up
then began to make my skin too too oily
every time i would use this product i would see small whit pimples at least 3 on my face
i can't feel a difference between this mask
this masque didn't feel much like a masque.
it seems that it's taking out impurities
what i do like about it is that it comes with a brush to apply the mud
still it didn't absorb into my skin
the hydration didn't seem to lay all night unless i paired it with the boscia tsubaki beauty oil
i feel like it's going to clog my pores
it's also acne prone
i never get acne anywhere on my face other than some hormonal acne on my chin
not just your cheeks
didn't leave a white film
i only bought this because it seems like they've discontinued my usual 15 spf daily hydration face lotion
it also doesn't do much hydrating.
the smell is so disgusting
doesn't leave me feeling greasy
it really doesn't seem to deliver any hydration or nourishment
even in my spf
as it wasn't too greasy when it was still cold
when i got a little sweaty
still is somehow sticky
it sinks into my skin really quick.
perhaps if you don't have dry skin this product is for you
i don't get pimples.
my hyperpigmentation marks come from stupid stuff like scratching myself in my sleep with my nails
had big pop worthy pimples in my cheeks less than a week after use
i couldn't really detect a smell
i still can't get over the smell.
it doesn't provide enough moisture to my face
perhaps it's too light for me
slathering more of it onto my face didn't help at all
it's too bad since i thought i finally found a sunblock with a higher spf which doesn't make me look like a shiny mess
it didn't luminize or create radiance as it advertised
i can't get rid of them
you'll be fine to try this
it doesn't hydrate my skin at all
otherwise when i splash water on my face
i find that it is too greasy
the moisturizer seem to just stay on top of my skin
maybe that's why there's 5 stars everywhere
you can either screw the lid on too tight
this isn't very smooth: it doesn't glide on skin nicely
it won't break you out because it isn't mineral based
in places i never get zits
it feels very thick when you first apply it to your skin
though sometimes the clove got a little overwhelming
it doesn't seem to moisturize quite enough
i usually like origins products
i don't feel that it leaves my face clean.
i do think this cleanser leaves my face softer.
always look for foaming cleansers that usually advertise for all skin types
i don't feel like it deep cleans
wiping it off: it just doesn't clean
there is nothing worse than that squeaky "clean"
much like you would with a bar of soap
i've bought this a few times because i love that it doesn't give my face a shiny effect
i didn't have any flakes on my skin
there is an oil overload on my skin
won't use it unless i ran out of other moisturizers
it leaves a sticky film that never really seems to go away
for a plain old moisturizer that kind of stinks
as if my cheeks somehow just doesn't absorb it
i'll never buy it because the rose smell is horrid
i guess that's the "dewy finish"
however no where close to a cleanser for nighttime even if it's to remove light makeup
might be too oily for me but smells like roses.
they’re not kidding about dewy finish.
i would recommend only using this at nighttime unless you have super absorbent face skin
i don't recommend this product to people who have oily or combination skin
i like the smell though
i don't use any waterproof product
it did not remove my mascara
this cleansing foam doesn't seem to work with my skin
it's insane how oily my face is.
i do like the smell
really didn't clean as well as cleansers that were more gel based
may work if you have more oily skin
the classing foam isn't doing much
doesn't clean so well
it's a foam that doesn't seem to clean the skin or hydrate or calm
this doesn't remove makeup
i don't think it's cool to have to remove your makeup before you wash
finally, it does not remove your eye makeup.
i will definitely be going back to the soy cleanser when the foam runs out
i don't know what they put in this cleansing foam
don't waste your money!
i would only reccomend this to someone who has oily skin
i want to love it but i hate the fact it stains.
secondly it's not a dry oil
i just can't get past the scent.
i can't get passed the horrible scent of this product
and the smell lingers too!
i can smell it
the smell is so bad.
rough texture--this oil wasn't enough to solve my issues
couldn't put any moisturizer or makeup on my face for about a month
i think it's meant for ladies who's skin can tolerate a lot of extras they throw in this kind of stuff
y'all it's so bad it smells like beer that's been sitting in the back of your car when its hotter than the devils behind outside
it stank so bad.
i wanted a day time facial oil that wouldn't feel too heavy under makeup or on its own
it doesn't feel thick when you dispense it
i didn't even have breakouts as a teen
i can't even get over the strong fishy scent of this oil
if anything it made it more oily during the day
i just can't get passed the smell
this was too greasy.
that even leaves to much greasiness
i also can't stand the smell!
though it does not stain your face
i just can't get over the smell
if you've ever taken fish oil supplements- that's the exact smell
i don't usually take issue with smells.
it's awful smelling and ineffective as an oil.
doesn't seem to fade with time
however, i cannot get past the fishy smell!
this oil just smells disgusting
it's hard to feel pampered or cared for with a smell this unpleasant
i didn't notice any depuffing or cool feeling effect which i expect from an eye cream
it's too sticky to absorb and too oil.
makes it hard to put on makeup since its oily
doesn't work for day use or under makeup.
unless you don't mind the greasy texture
i don't usually break out
i feel that it does nothing for wrinkles or fine line
it did nothing for my under eye wrinkles
it did nothing except hydrate my under eye area
i don't think there is anything out there that can get rid of lines/wrinkles/dark under eye circles
absorbs into your skin quickly so you don't feel like you're wearing anything on your skin
not greasy at all.
does not moisture enough ...
it applies nicely but i didn't like the scent.
however, it did not tan my skin at all.
otherwise it seems to be an ok moisturizer
applied it that night did i realize it's a self tanner
i actually like the scent
so hopefully my face won't be oddly discolored
it stunk so bad that it made me nauseous.
i would say that it smelled like dirty socks
nowhere on the packet does it say it's a "self tanning" product
it made my skin way too orange
the smell was soooo bad i had to immediately rinse my face off
i would not repurchase because it smells like stale
however great the glow may be i don't think it's worth it
it's an ok product for light moisture
for the price tag + yucky smell there is no way i could recommend this to anyone
couldn't keep using it
even when i did not apply to the eye contour
it's made my skin a little to dull for my liking
i find it not hydrating enough as compared to other br
it's so refreshing each time i put it on!!!
i never have pimples
so something in this is clogging my pores
the moisturizer absorbed quickly did not leave my skin feeling oily or any type of negative way
this is definitely not for oily skin.
it's not greasy or sticky when you apply it which is really nice
i do not usually use a facial cream in my morning routine
i don't think it helps with puffiness
do need to watch what i put on the more oily parts of my face
may just put it on in areas that aren't prone to breakouts
it doesn't give enough moisture
it didn't give as matte a finish as i like
doesn't keep shine at bay for very long
i couldn't feel my pores are covered.
this product made so oily after a few hours or wearing which in turn made my pores look worse
i normally don't have issues with oil
it didn't do anything regarding pore size or have any antiaging effects for me
it didn't control shine
i love the consistency of this primer unfortunately it made my skin itch
i usually love all lancôme products
believe there's something in this product that clogs my pores enough that the retinol can't clear up the blemishes
or just irritates my skin
often giving out when there's still a fair amount of serum in the bottle
that latter fact also annoys because it means you can't scrounge around for the remaining serum once there's too little to travel up the pump
this wouldn't rankle overmuch
i do like the texture
doesn't seem to be working on my fine lines which are on my forehead
it doesn't have a strong smell at all.
it does more damage to your skin than food for your senses
unfortunately i can't use it because of the irritation
didn't make my face oily at all
my face gets very oily when i wear this whereas it never used to
it doesn't smell bad
a lot of people say this melts right into their skin
it stings a bit when i put it on which is strange
notice my face just doesn't feel moisturized a few minutes after i put it on
it has a thick consistency that is not too greasy for my combination skin
they didn't seem like pimples at first
it's not a bad scent it's just a bit strong for me
it smells bad/strange to some people
it isn't irritating to my skin
it didn't leave my face feeling greasy or oily looking
guess that's the way the cookie crumbles with scent
this stuff isn't bad.
this sleeping facial did not make it worse- thank god
it does have a plastic-cheep smell to it that i do not like
am not acne-prone
i tried to ignore the heavy feeling
after using it for a while i found it didn't work well on my acne prone skin which is says its supposed to
it did not seem to control any of the oiliness
not so fond of using it for daytime.
it's super greasy, makes you so shiny.
my face was still tacky
doesn't moisturize well enough
this product makes your face shiny as it doesnt really sink in all the way
it consistently left my skin with an annoying tacky/sticky feeling
the smell is so off-putting i can't bear reordering it
didn't see any anti-aging results.
because i don't use makeup
i would not wear it alone because the color is so strangely pale
why my face is so shiny now
it doesn't work well with my acne prone skin
it's actually super tacky
don't like applying my bareminerals powder foundation over it
even though i only gave this moisturizer 3 stars
do you want to look like a geisha?
or do you want to look like you just applied some kabuki makeup on your face?
maybe because it has spf
it comes off really thick
consistency are not bothersome to me
the only moisturizer i have ever been able to use that hasn't broken out my skin was perricone skin clear hydrator
no matter how lightly i applied this
not someone who has somewhat oily skin
this does not cause any irritation or breakouts
it does leave my skin feeling a little sticky
it doesn't make my skin feel quenched
i only break out if s product is irritating.
that it would even out my skin texture as promised
definitely avoid if you are oily
at time my skin can look dull
it does seem to tighten skin
who's going to notice wrinkles when you have a bunch of pimples?
i just can't deal with the pimples
it doesn't fix wrinkles.
i got a few extra blackheads in comparison to what i normally get
this product is too expensive to have it's packaging fail twice
this easy-break packaging did not leave my vanity
the roller hardly allows any oil to come out
because that's what the store rep recommended for my oily skin
i'd say my rec would be the refreshing cleanser
even then the cleanser is pricey for what you get/results
perhaps there's something in it i'm allergic to
almost like i had a thin layer or something on my face
don't have any problems with acne or texture
i didn't enjoy the smell of this mask.
i don't need a lot of resurfacing
if anything my pores
this did not irritate/tingle/cause any sort of sensation while it was on
it could be an option for you if you find aha/bha or retinoids irritating
it didn't burn my eyes
i get that it's "resurfacing"
you do have to try to get a thick layer on or it doesn't really do much
it didn't seem to make my skin glow or do anything significant once i cleared off the mask
the fact that it's 100% natural
only it doesn't peel off.
it's doesn't give me a glow or help with my hormonal breakouts
i didn't feel any cleaner
i think it's best for oily and blemish girls.
it did tingle a bit
every one of their products smells like bad
felt like a mask even though it's just a moisturizer
it's not a thick moisturizer
it's not quite a chemical smell
it's probably a combination of some of the different oils
i would only recommend it to someone that has oily skin
it's a very run-of-the-mill moisturizer
i find it's just not moisturizing enough for my skin right now using the directed amount
i don't feel like this cleanser removes my foundation completely unless i use another cleanser prior to using this
the ingredients don't seem to read that way
or some sort of bleach or something
this moisturizer has just caused my skin to be nothing
broken capillaries doesn't mean i will have rosacea
i dont want to have to do that with an 80 $ face cleanser it wastes more then id like
this made my nose feel like it didn't get clean
not easy when you are trying to wash your face
occasionally have acne if the product i use is too oily
didn't make my pores smaller
overall it's an okay product
the little grains on dry skin just dont seem to be something that could be used "daily"
i tried this in my seeming never ending search for a hg cleanser
it does not really add anything to my skin- doesn't moisturizer or reduce lines or even tone
the smell of this stuff
see some complaining about a scent i would think "wuss
began to think maybe the serum is too thick
it's not a chemical scent
thinks it smells like pot
i can't tell you if it works or not as i scrubbed every last drop of this serum from my face right after i put it on
it actually makes my eyes burn!
it just doesn't moisturize enough
i can't wear that to work
usually scents don't bother me
it feels like it's "plumping" up my face
can still smell it
i actually have a headache from the smell.
it's like putting water on your face.
it didn't reduce my puffiness at all
it did not de puff my eyes.
i find it leaves a shiny layer on the skin that doesn't de-puff or get rid of dark circles
the puffiness doesn't appear to be going down
the only reason i chose to use it was because it didn't cause the fat particles under eyes
i can't use most of eye cream or eye treatment because they will cause fat particles due to richness
didn't really notice a difference in the puffiness
if you're looking to lose your puffiness
it doesn't do much for dark circles or puffiness
don't waste your money.
it doesn't irritate my eyes
don't waste your money
unless you just want a cooling sensation
say 'under eye bags' make it a constant struggle for me to figure out if they mean puffy or dark circles
i do like that it's lightweight
doesn't feel too heavy to wear under makeup
this usually happens with really foamy cleanser
this one wasn't crazy foamy
my skin rarely breaks out
it also doesn't remove makeup that well.
doesn't feel as satisfying as their other face wash i love so much
even if you have oily or combination skin!
bc i have oily skin its pretty hard to find the best one that can control shine
i hardly get breakouts
i don't have a lot of acne
it is probably great if you have oily skin.
i like how it has an spf
t's old enough or been in light enough to change color
just use this one to make sure it's the oil my skin is reacting to
its too oily or there must be some ingredients in there my skin is reacting to
this oil did nothing for me in the way of anti-aging
even out my skin tone
i don't look as tired.
doesn't do much else besides moisturize.
although it doesn't look like it in the mirror
it didn't irritate my skin
my eye shadows didn't look as smooth as always
i didn't have any bumps or texture
doesn't really minimize my pores.
i don't think i'll be using this as regularly anymore as i believe it was clogging my pores
asides from that it did nothing for my pore or skin texture
it didn't do anything to help my pores tighten or conceal them
it does not do anything to shrink down pores over time
because it's primer-like
did not hydrate my skin enough
another negative is it does leave this shiny film on your face that makes you look greasy
me having oily skin already doesn't look good with wear throughout the day
i prefer gels over creams simply because they aren't as heavy
it didn't look or feel greasy
i did not like this face cream it was to thick
render your product useless
my skin is not flaky or oily anymore
even though it's oil-free
this cream is too greasy.
the cream itself is very heavy feeling so too much feels like it's clogging my pores
felt like it didn't absorb into skin.
doesn't really work as a mask
it's nothing special at all
i don't have any fine lines or wrinkles
i didn't see any difference in puffiness or darkness around the eyes
i don't have horrible dark circles or puffiness to begin with
this *doesn't* seem to break me out or cause tiny bumps around my eye
it just seems like a typical eye cream
use the origins ginzing refreshing eye cream on the mornings where i didn't have much of a good nights rest
feels like a cheap face primer.
now i don't expect any creams to get rid of them 100%
this product doesn't even lighten the circles by 10%
i guess that's the brighten part of the cream.
the only thing i can say is that my concealer goes on nicer with this cream
it's a thick consistency i feel i have to keep on rubbing the cream on before it really sinks in or else it just feels like it's sitting on my skin
i don't think it's worth the price because it's just a heavy scented cleanser
this one just doesn't rinse off the same way
this cleanser is so over scented it bothers me.
now it doesn't seem to clean as well as it used to
it does tend to clog my clarisonic
it does not foam.
i wanted it as a moisturizer because i cannot find one that doesn't feel gross on my skin
i used this after regular argan oil made me break out in disgustingly large acne
sometimes for the ends of my hair
buy it and try it if you have oily skin.
if it doesn't work out for you at least you can still use it on your cuticles
i wear it under my makeup
somehow still very greasy on my face
don't waste your money on this.
hair not so much (it's a bit heavy).
the dropper constantly 'drops' even when you don't squeeze it
it is too greasy
it's getting 2 stars instead of 1 because i did like the texture
it's a little thick, but it does rub in.
it doesn't even clean the end of day oils off my skin let alone makeup
don't even bother using it for make-up removal as it won't do the job
it's not overly drying from what i noticed.
only coconut oil does the job
it depends if i can find another makeup remover that isn't full of chemicals especially ones that burn
i don't wear make up everyday
i think it's pricy for not being able to completely remover my makeup especially for not being able to remover all my foundation
doesn't lift or remove anything
doesn't remove all of my eye makeup
unfortunately it wasn't effective at removing my makeup
the back of the bottle says you're not supposed to rinse
you'll go to sleep thinking you got absolutely every trace of makeup
the product doesn't work very well to remove makeup as i still have some stuck on my face
this one doesn't feel oily at all
the only things it could not get off were my eye liner or mascara
when i use it i see little to no residue on the cotton pad
can't tell if it is cleaning my skin
it also doesn't remove all my eye make up
to a level where it can't be good for your skin
as someone who wears little makeup
so alas, it has come down to being my toner.
didn't burn my eyes
it doesn't really remove makeup easily
if you are using this for moisture boost then it's okay for you
i don't think is should be used in place of your cleanser because you can't possibly wipe away all your impurities
i could have loved this micellar water if it didn't leave a sticky residue behind on my face
i like to consider it a light version of a real makeup remover
five cotton pads wasn't enough to remove it.
this is not for someone who uses heavy makeup.
this doesn't automatically make this a bad product
it didn't remove my mascara too well
i usually wear the make-up forever cream liner
it's okay for a quick refresh
hates sleeping in it i found that this does not even remove the slightest of mascara
this made me feel so oily i don't have acne prone skin
it's a such a waste of money
the product is honestly a basic honey scrub.
yet again so does most honey scrubs
don't waste your money
go get some real honey
or if it's just the moisturizer
beware because it'll make you look oily
it does not soak into my skin.
i love this stuff in the winter because it gets rid of any dryness
sure it will get rid of dryness
this product doesn't sink into the skin.
however, it makes my face feel...tacky?
i don't know, it's not my favorite moisturizer.
flaky yet the rest of my face got so oily
clogs my pores like crazy /: i never had a problem with acne
doesn't feel like it's being absorbed into my skin
i think it's greasy and takes forever to dry.
it didn't keep me moisturizer all day
makes my face look super oily and broke me out
i am not apt to using this because the smell is
the smell is so overwhelmingly chemical/rubbery that i will probably just end up throwing it away
agree with other reviewers that it's a bit runny as well
it didn't moisturize my skin enough or at all
they're just a little red
i almost never have any pimples
however whenever i would use this moisturizer i would get pimples on my forhead
i can't even use it on my body since the scent is putrid
this lotion did not sink into my face
it works very well with my skin when it's oily
can sometimes feel heavy
yet doesn't moisturize that that well
i could wipe the grease off it was the most disgusting feeling i have ever felt
it's a little bit on the oily side
it doesn't sink in really fast
don't waste your money
ugh the smell of this product was off putting.
greasy even for that
still it annoys me sometimes
couldn't figure out why i was getting acne around my eye area
i didn't really notice any difference in my eye puffiness or my dark circles
does not create breakouts if you spread it close to your cheek/nose area
i did notice that it can feel slightly sticky even if lighlty applied
my dark circles are bad
doesn't seem to hydrate as well as benefiance
i don't think it helps with under eye darkness neither
can't say it helps the morning puffiness.
they're not only showing when i smile.
is ok if you have combine skin type or maybe oil skin type
it doesn't hydrate me skin
figured i could probably benefit from some sun protection in my moisturizer
it's not a bad scent
i wanted something more natural that was a good quality moisturizer with sunscreen without worrying that the artificial scent stuff was going to clog pores
even with plain water
the smell is not bad
if you look at the ingredients
bought this one thinking it would a nice light non greasy formulation
it doesn't treat the acne that i have
it's just felt like a regular face lotion that did nothing harmless or beneficial to my face
it's too heavy for the daytime
it can feel heavy
i almost feel like it increases my oily-ness over the course of the night vs if i hadn't used the moisturizer
i didn't feel my skin absorb the product.
i looked so greasy in pictures even with my matte make up
i didn't notice any reduction in pores or wrinkles
i still can't rid the acne
i can imagine for people with less than oily skin
i didn't feel like my fade was clean
it's just a lotion that smells nice.
i like that it's thinner
i guess it's supposed to be dewy looking
not oily on me at all
it's kind of runny and it will go a long way.
i also feel as though the moisture doesn't sink in deep enough
it makes my face so greasy
bad for the skin
i didn't like how this product felt sticky
i really should've gave this a deeper whiff.
i can't get over the smell.
i just can't get over the smell
i rarely break out
that didn't really matter much to me because my hormonal acne problem persisted
i say if you have small acne blemishes
it doesn't sting or burn my face at all
but it doesn't burn!
they didn't eliminate my "acne"
it does leave a sticky film on my face
the instructions say not to rinse after use
there are more gentle ways to get rid of acne ladies
these make my skin sting like the absolute devil until the solution evaporates
pads themselves aren't as nice
i feel like it's stripping my face
i don't like the texture of the product.
jelly-like consistency that just seems to sit on the skin without absorbing
it made my face feel sticky
beads or whatever they are called
this product does not rinse off
i suspect any cleanser with a hot face cloth is going to feel good
i am not sure about that greasy cleanser
i don't mind a balm to remove my makeup
it's a mess to work with
i feel you could easily get the same results with a homemade mask using sugar
the cleanser seem to work ok
didn't find it did a goid job at taking off waterproof mascara
the good stuff in this product doesn't sink in to the skin because mineral oil sits on the surface of the skin
i do think that the price tag is a lot to shell out for a nice-smelling makeup remover
clinique take the day off balm doesn't smell as nice
it actually made me nauseated.
it's a morning cleanser so it isn't for make up.
the actually packaging of the tube is horrible.
the only positive thing i will say is the cleanser does leave the skin soft
i don't know why they had to heavily scent this cleanser
they need to get rid of the scent it's horrible
this morning cleanser stinks
i tried to wash my face with this stuff
and don't get me started on the smell!
it didn't irritate it at all while still getting any residual makeup off
i feel my skin cannot breath
this feels like its leaving a waxy build up in your skin no matter how you try to rinse it off
and the smell is kind of annoying.
it seems to leave a film that's slightly oily in your face
it does not lather
i don't really feel like this cleanser even cleans my skin
i don't really even like to use it as a morning cleanser
leaves a film behind on my skin that i don't like
i do like the simple plastic bottle.
sometimes feels greasy under my bareminerals makeup
you're actually flushing a lot of your money down the garbage can
the pump couldn't get it out
this stuff burns like nobody's business
for the record, it stings like crazy.
which i don't believe an eye cream can fix
doesn't make my under eye look crepey
i did not like this serum because it's consistency was too thin
the supergoop eye cream does take a bit of time to blend out as it's quite elastic
you'll need to dab it in for a few minutes with your fingers
you can't beat the spf 37
if you want anti aging
don't waste your money
i can't wear it when my eyes are going to water from allergies or if sweating because it burned my eyes
i didn't really notice any anti-aging effects
the bad ingredients they don't include
if it didn't flake off
it didn't irritate my eyes
overall it seems pretty useless
it gets clumpy for some reason
it's too expensive to buy as a moisturizer that doesn't follow through on its promises
it did not reduce the imperfections on my face
a complete waste of money did nothing for spots or texture of skin
right now they look like freckles
maybe it's because i don't have acne scars or any major discolorations
doesn't smell as good either
it didn't really do much to the dark spots i have as a result of sun damage
it feels silly on my skin
it doesn't soak into my skin
it's not exfoliating my skin: it's the product that i can rub off on my h
usually just a pimple or two
to even out my skin tone
sleeping in my makeup doesn't even break me out
you can't see through the bottle
either they did something shady back there or a $98 beauty product only lasts two weeks
i think it shrinks your pores or something.
when i didn't use dreamtone, my skins was smooth.
it might treat the dark spots
it doesn't really change any pigmentation or dark spots
so that's a little deceptive
it might even be the cause of some acne
i don't like the consistency
the night cream may work really well for you if you tolerate the retinol in it
this is not a cream this actually foams when it comes in contact with water the consistency reminds me if shaving cream it's hard
can't get pass the smell..awful!
good cleanser but i do not care for the scent.
it did not effectively take off all of my mascara-- non-waterproof
i guess it's for a drier skin than mine
it doesn't rinse off completely with water
my face doesn't feel clean after i've washed it
too without feeling greasy
you can just as easily read the ingredients
it's pretty much a way more expensive version of aloe that doesn't work as good
doesn't seem to do much unless used after waxing or epilating
i don't reccommend this product if you have super dry skin because it's really not working for me
my skin type is i guess "thick"
that's why it's good to exfoliate all the time
it's not that this mask is bad.
i try alot of products without ever having skin irritation
it is way too mild and smells funny.
cons: it didn't really do anything to even my skin tone or get rid of redness
it does not seem to be hydrating or refreshing at all
in fact seem to be dryer after rinsing away this product
it didn't irritate my skin
this mask do nothing on my skin
it's an okay product
i don't get this mask
it doesn't really moisturize
except maybe cause some bumps on my cheeks
gross products however this cleanser does nothing for me other than smear make-up around
it doesn't give me the clean feeling as a reg cleanser does
made my face feels dirty n gross that i had to go in with another cleanser
you definitely have to cleanse or use micellular water beforeh
i also thought i would be able to get used to the fact that it didn't leave my skin feeling squeaky clean
if i do not use a cleansing oil first i feel that i need to cleanse twice with this
it's does sink in quickly
yet it doesn't leave my face "oily"
you look a little oily today
i can't wear it alone because of the oily residue leaves behind
i can't wear it under foundation because it seems to break down the formula
while i still get some acne
it didn't seem to absorb at all.
i do like the metal thing they give you to roll the tube to get every bit of product out of the container as at this price
i kept getting some weird fish smell
it didn't moisturize enough for my body/feet
i am just going to use it as a lotion for my body
it would never contain fragrance
i cannot use anything with fragrance on my face
the smell of this is so bad i couldn't wait to wash it off
don't like using this in the mornings
i couldn't get past the smell
it's basically thick water.
if you get a little on your lips
it's def a must have especially during the winter seasons
i really just can't see that this liquid did anything at all for my dry skin
mine wasn't thick or rich like others have said
it actually felt sticky on my skin
i can't imagine how someone with dry skin would like this
doesn't leave me feeling greasy
i couldn't figure out why i was getting little pimples on my face
it also doesn't have an spf in it.
if your gonna spend $90 on a moisturizer
it is pure junk.
it doesn't cleanse very well.
then i noticed that my toner was taking off a lot of face makeup residue that the cleanser did not remove
defently doesnt remove my makeup smells wierd if i have foundation
didn't make my skin feel too tight however my nose
only a pea size amount is all you need to create a nice lather
i also noticed it didn't remove my makeup
i feel like they should label that it's for oily skin or something
tonight i tried the gentle cleanser thinking it might not make my skin oily since it does not have the
i typically don't mind if there is some fragrance in my products
still, i feel the amount of fragrance is absurd.
it did not clean my pores
it is not easy to rinse off
unfortunately didn't work out for me left a weird residue after cleansing my face
i love that it makes your face feeling squeaky clean
not recommend for some one with acne prone skin like me
luckily no breakouts or pores
i highly do not recommend this fo oily people even though it is intended for oily people
didn't really help in acne scarring for me.
rich but not greasy feel.
i believe it's the reasoning my cheeks have broken out
this moisturizer did not work for my skin at all
it is not for us oily skin girls
even as a night cream
my pores are still there
it's very rich yet does not leave that sticky greasy feeling that i'm not a fan of
unfortunately the product did not moisturize
i would only recommend this as a night cream because it's so heavy
it also doesn't have any spf.
this does not work with my oily skin
it didn't really diminish blemishes or pores.
didn't feel like it absorbed into my skin
made me look greasy
elbows just to not waste it
it does nothing for lines and wrinkles.
it does fade but i can still smell it.
however if you have oily t-zone
it didn't soak into my skin
i do not recommend paying $80 for a glorified bengay/mentholatum eye cream
i don't have too many eye wrinkles
unfortunately this one did nothing for my under eye puffiness
so although i didnt find a solution for my puffiness
the xtend eye cream wasn't awful
i didn't get the little white bumps
it didn't burn my eyes
this is the only one that doesn't irritate or burn my skin around my eyes
usually i'll have a pimple or two
maybe too rich for my skin.
it's still light weight
too bad it doesn't absorb into the skin.
it smells like glue or paste or something just stale
couldn't get past the smell.
this made my skin break out horribly.
you pay $75 for glitter under your eyes
don't know why it is drying up every day
did not seem to moisturize
might work better for you if you don't have an allergic reaction to it
doesn't take off even non-waterproof mascara
what's the point of a cleanser that doesn't take off the makeup?
don't buy if you have even combination-oily skin.
unfortunately i don't like it as much as the makeup breakup cleansing oil
doesn't take off all my makeup
i guess you will need to pair it up with a sponge to remove your makeup
i don't think i like the slimy feel of the oil.
nope it left me itchy every time.
maybe i am too picky
it's supposed to make your skin smooth
it's too pricey for it to be the same quality as a normal cleansing gel from the drug store
i dont feel the "baby-soft" they claim after i use this cleansing oil gel
i like that it's a gel
adding to that this doesn't take off or break down any makeup
it doesn't do a good job at removing make up
it irritates my eye area no matter how many times i rinse it off
i don't like the smell
it didn't get any of my gel eyeliner nor any of my waterproof makeup
it doesn't do a great job of taking off cosmetics
i would not spend thirty bucks on a facial wash
it doesn't remove make up very well
it doesn't seem to clean your skin at all
didn't take off all my mascara
it didn't take off my non-waterproof makeup
even after washing 3 times with this stuff
nothing i can't just wipe away
it made my skin so greasy in the morning
i feel bad throwing it away because it's pricey
maybe that's the product sinking into my skin?
i don't want to get oil all over my pillows
i would not recommend this product for oily
almost can feel like it is burning sometimes
on the plus side it doesn't break me out or feel greasy on the skin
it doesn't sink in, makes my face greasy.
i actually rarely get pimples.
as i have a bad habit of not keeping my receipts
this product does not seem to moisturize
i couldn't stand the smell.
somehow my face felt dryer.
maybe not for my skin, but no glow.
not even a good moisturizer
i couldn't feel the pumping
it doesn't feel heavy -- use only a tiny amount or most of it will end up on your pillow --
this stuff is the same as a bunch of 'glow' type tinted moisturizers
if perfumes bother you
you don't want your skin to feel smothered
hydration is very good because the next morning i can't use my regular stuff as it will be too oily
not to mention it's loaded with too many chemicals
does nothing for my dark circles
it's not even that great of an eye cream
it's a nice moisturizer if nothing else
does nothing for dark circles at all
it didn't sting or burn
it didn't minimize my dark circles
i gave it 2 stars because it does brighten my skin
this is admittedly not a wrinkle cream
my eyelids have never burned so bad.
which did seem to minimize the dark circles a bit
i also like the color of it although it seems translucent when you apply it
i won't expect it to wipe out the dark circles at all
leave you feeling greasy
maybe better for someone with oily skin
don't waste your money
don't waste your money.
when i would use this product i would wake up with breakouts on my combination skin in areas i normally don't breakout
this product in combination with the serum have clogged my pores terribly in a few days
it feels like there's a layer of something on my skin
i would never think of putting this algenist moisturizer under makeup
i just cannot get over the horrible smell
as someone with oil-combo skin
can't speak to it's efficacy
it's smells like i stuck my face in someone's old gym bag or a towel that's been used a thous
don't know how it works on wrinkles
nope didn't feel like skin is even plumped a little bit
it doesn't make my skin feels greasy
if your into that kind of smell
wasn't sure i like the dense consistency
it doesn't give me a mask or a sticky feeling which is nice
everyone's skin is different though
the gel-like texture doesn't bother me
this didn't seem to clog my pores
that doesn't justify the super high price tag to me
seems like a good peel mask
i especially love peel off masks.
honestly it is like elmer's glue.
although it's fun to peel off the mask
it's gonna be very difficult to wash off the residue when it's wet
it is the accidentally-applied-a-little-too-thick part that bothers me
it gets nothing from your face
although it's a satisfying feeling to peel this off
my skin had this oily texture that i did not like
it doesn't remove makeup as thoroughly as the fab cleanser
it did however it did help zap a few stubborn pimples on my cheeks
i can never peel it off when it dries
i don't know how well it cleans out my pores
i suggest you not to put a thick layer
it was so thick to put on it was a weird texture
my skin does feel nice upon removal
maybe it's because i don't like peel-off masks much generally
this didn't leave my skin feeling particularly clean or refined
i couldn't tell a difference with my pores
feel like it's wasting my time using it.
because i don't feel anything different after peeling the mask off
did nothing for my pores
this mask literally does nothing for my acne.
it doesn't seem to get my pores super clean however i have broken out after using it
although, it is literally impossible to peel off.
it takes forever to peel off because it ends up leaving little places all over your face where it didn't peel uniformly
doesn't rip out any hairs you accidentally cover
it doesn't leave heavy residue
you need to use a lot or it will be impossible to peel off
it doesn't peel off in big enough pieces
i didn't feel like it was deep cleansing
i just don't want those ingredients sitting on my face for 20+ minutes
the ingredient list looks like something you'd use to dissolve asphalt
i like that you can peel it off
didn't notice any difference in my skin or that it cleaned out my pores
whenever i used it my skin would be oilier in the morning
it's still super oily
it gets off all my makeup, too.
lacks the ability to do anything for my white/blackheads
nothing a good quality moisturizer doesn't fix
it's too expensive to be a body wash
it cleans my face well enough
i do like the texture
doesn't really foam up at all in your hands.
my skin usually does fine during the winter
didn't see a difference with pores or skin texture
which is strange because this cleanser is advertised as a "deep clean"
which is annoying once you get low on the product
somehow this manages to get in my eye area
my combo skin does get quite oily in the summer
i think i just don't like gel cleaners
this does fine on my normal to combo skin.
nor do i feel like my skin is plumper
did my usual makeup routine
it doesn't fade dark marks in the long run.
it's basically an expensive moisturizer
it is supposed to be a brightening mask
i would really like this a lot more if it weren't for 2 things: the orange tint
it does leave my face sticky which i imagine would really annoy some people
this has an odor i couldn't get past.
it reminded me of a bad self-tanner.
it's an instant gratification mask
you'll see a difference in days :
feels a little tacky on the face
this is an expensive bottle of mediocre moisturizer
my skin isn't smoother after using this at all.
it doesn't irritate my skin
made my skin break out bad in red patches that feel like alligator skin
another negative is that it feels rather tacky
i feel like this cream leaves my under eye area even dryer
it's silly and moisturizes well.
it's not oily, or greasy or heavy.
it doesn't leave any residue
did 0 for dark circles, etc.
i cannot speak to dark circles because of lack of sleep
it even made my eye area itch.
this cream does not irritate my eyes
this did not help with my puffiness or under eye circles
don't waste your money.
i didn't have much wrinkle before i used this cream
i don't find it absorbs quickly so you have to wait a bit before applying concealer
it doesn't slide around your face.
can't afford to have a dense
it makes my skin feel smooth but it's too greasy.
i wouldn't use it during the day due to how oily your face looks
couldn't wear it during the day
it belongs in a pump because it is so thick that the dropper is useless
it didn't help that the dropper wasn't picking up any product
it's pleasant to use,a little loose.
then resembles something of a latex balloon when you are working it into your skin
i just didn't like the oily feel to it
make sure you wash your face very well at night or you'll break out in the morning
didn't leave my face shiny or greasy.
my face felt too oily even with just a small application
if your skin type is combination/oily this product is not for you
it didn't irritate my skin or break me out
i did feel like an oil slick about 2 hours into wearing it
it didn't seem to absorb well
it also clogged pores on my chin which i can't say has happened for me in well over a decade
this stuff smells like stale pasta.
i can't stand when moisturizers don't soak in.
it didn't soak into my skin at all
it doesn't soak into my skin as well as the pure argan oil
didn't seem to absorb well
if you don't mind the smell or price it is a nice moisturizer
i could only use it at night as it left a greasy film on my skin that didn't absorb properly
can leave your skin feeling or looking greasy
it's just one of those scents that you can't just forget because it's so over powering
did not clog pores or cause breakouts
if you apply more it will just look super oily yet still not hydrated
it does have a milky consistency, hence the name.
my skin won't take it
this product goes on like a mask
because it's just too greasy
it makes your face feel sticky
it's not like the super mud or youth mud
was iffy about it as a mask as i do not normally use them
it's an ok way to get a moisture boost
this does irritate a bit.
you can smooth it on ok
if you touch your face afterwards it flakes
the flaking could be due to another product interfering with your skin's moisture barrier or certain ingredients in this cream that don't seem to work with a particular skin type
i can't really comment on the efficacy of this product since the smell is so distasteful that i only used the cream twice
yes, i have applied to a clean face.
my eye area doesn't usually break out
doesn't seem to be helping with wrinkles
i usually love shiseido products
if you use medium to heavy make-up this is not for you
it doesn't irritate my eyes
rep said since sephora doesn't carry this lines toner that i should try this instead since it's a 3in1
it is just too sticky on my skin
maybe because it's natural?
it didn't feel like it cleaned my skin
if every day makeup means you don't wear any then this is your go to makeup cleanser
unfortunately i will not repurchase because nothing can replace apple cider vinegar
it does a really poor job of removing makeup
think it's the extract
i don't like it due to the fact it leaves a kind of residue on my eyes that makes everything blurry for a little while
this oil did not do a good job of removing makeup residue
it does not remove from the pores
does it remove makeup
it takes forever to rinse off which is not a big deal
if you accidentally get this is your eye it will completely blur your vision
i didn't see any added benefit of using this for getting my make up off rather than using my go to baby pil or coconut oil
second it doesn't even take off all my non waterproof mascara
i couldn't fully wash off the oil
does not take off mascara and i'm blind.
it's an alright makeup remover
it doesn't do much in taking off waterproof mascara
it's is not intended to cleanse your skin rather to remove the make up prior to the cleaning process
it doesn't do a very good job with waterproof mascara
doesn't rinse off well without a good scrubbing.
cons: does not break down mascara
i believe it's because i put so much product on my eyes trying to get it to break down the mascara
it doesn't remove entirely my eye makeup
when you do it does nothing to improve the appearance of pores or lines
i sometimes see the lines and sometimes don't.
my concealer creased using this product the way it does when i don't prime that area at all
it's very annoying to constantly have to check throughout the day
you can get the smashbox primer
it didn't meld into my skin
whether you'd like to blur your pores or fine lines
it didn't do anything in reducing the appearance of my pores
i don't always like to apply primer all over my face if i'm not going to be wearing foundation since i suffer from acne breakouts
did not fill in my pores
it didn't reduce the appearance of my pores very much
made my skin extremely oily didn't hide my poors
it doesn't fill my pores at all even if i blend it with my fingers
don't waste your money on that.
this stick was useless
did not fill my pores or lines.
i usually love the plantscription products
i do not have greasy skin by any means-
this did *nothing* to blur either.
feel like the product doesn't absorb
it doesn't work any better than any other spackles" or fillers i have used
when u put make up over it it feels kinda sticky
i think the product just doesn't absorb
there's also some research that indicates it will speed up the aging process given that it messes with your skin's chemistry
even though the smell dissapates
i don't like putting perfumes on my face.
it's too much like moisturizer than a primer.
this is basically just a primer with a flashy name
i went to sephora to find a primer for my wedding that would be good for oily/acne prone skin
does not blur any imperfections that i can see
i will admit it does seem to fill in pores
i just don't tolerate drying alcohols anymore they just are too damaging for the health of the skin
the cream wasn't too thick
i believe blur delivers what it promises
throw-on product that i could wear
your skin type this might work
i love the jarred version because it makes my skin so moisterized
didn't do much to moisturize
if you rub your face after it dries
makeup doesn't seem to sit naturally over it
i didn't see much difference compared to other lightweight lotion br
i suppose i should've taken a hint by the name "youth" moisturizer
i rarely break out
i like this lotion but it doesn't have a spf.
didn't sting my skin
it does not contain spf which is okay for me because my cc cream has spf
doesn't seem to do much for your skin
since it's just beginning to get hot
not even clean at all
it did burn my skin as well.
i must say it was fun to put the mint green mask on
as you rub it in
it has little squishy things that are fun to smoosh
it's done nothing for my dark spots whatsoever
it doesn't leave my combination skin greasy
it doesn't have an overpowering smell
it is too greasy for me
it's basically a glorified concealer
doesn't look chalkycon's: it has not brightened my skin or dark marks at all
i am 57 and don't get pimples.
the extra spf also makes it feel greasy
can't get the product out of the bottle
maybe it's like the placebo effect for some people
it loses a full two stars because it's such a freaking mess
it makes your eye feel like you had glue on them
and it's not pretty when you rub!
this product won't be hydrating of concealing enough for even a non-makeup wearer like myself
mostly i just wanted eye cream that wasn't in jar packaging
it's useful for when i'm not putting on a lot of makeup
it's very skippable for me
i can't even remember how well it moisturized because of how annoying the tint was
it doesn't seem to sink in
it doesn't work well with my combination skin
it isn't quite good enough to replace my daily eye serum
doesn't have enough pigmentation to replace my peachy under-eye corrector
it was so good that on casual days i might not even bother with concealer
i can't even put this in my makeup bag.
would recommend to the gals that fit the tones
don't want/need a heavy concealer on a day to day basis
did help with the puffiness sometimes
doesn't cover or correct dark circles.
it does get rid of dark circles though
would probably recommend only if you don't have deep creases under your eye
doesn't do much for puffy or dark circles under eyes
i can just use a concealer for that then!
ish for how much you get
you have to be careful about layering it as sometimes it doesn't blend too well depending on your other products
this eye remedy isn't for me
it is a bit pricy for a mask
this mask has a weird consistency when applying to the face
it's a decent enough mask
it's good for my oily skin
perhaps not enough for my oily skin.
not as bad as a charcoal mask
i seem to get some skin congestion each time i use it on my acne-prone skin too
this seems greedy to me.
it made my skin really flaky
i feel like i still need to go in with a cleanser after if i'm wearing a lot of makeup if i'm wearing minimal makeup i feel there's no need to
it claims to remove eye makeup but does not.
doesn't hold heat any longer than a regular washcloth
didn't feel that it cleaned my skin at all
it's so thin that it was cold before it did any good
with this one i don't see anything other than the fact it leaves my skin with a weird finish that looks both shiny
some wrinkles that bother me
and who doesn't miss the dewy skin who has aged?
some normal moisturizer can't do
this is not your typical mask that dries
your face can't move
i just hated how sticky feeling it was.
my face felt so tacky that my cheek would slightly stick to the pillow case
this gel mask did nothing to me.
i need a mask once a week for the drying that sometimes can affect my skin
maybe the cucumber mask will work better in a pure hydration way
it does not sting or make my skin red
i would not recommend this product to anyone with oily/combination skin
it kind of made my skin itch.
please becareful when using this product if you have sensitive skin
didn't irritate my skin
it's such a fine line
it doesn't have a really harsh smell
it isn't even good close to the eyes--which sort of defeats the purpose of face cleanser
it isn't a bad product
because you really only need a tiny amount or else you'll spend a long time getting the product off of your face
if you've had issues with cleansers drying out your skin skip this one
everyone's skin is different
i feel like they're too harsh maybe because of the glycolic acid
i don't know if its because of the fragrance or heavy chemicals
i don't know what it is about the texture/gel
maybe it's the heavy fragrance
i just don't know about this cleanser.
if it's in a regular face wash that you'll just immediately rinse off with water
the glycolic doesn't really have a chance to do anything for your skin
i certainly don't get a "rose petal" scent from it which bummed me out so much
it also has this really thick texture that makes it hard to wash your face with
i feel like i get more out of the anti-aging cleanser
it's a great cleanser just dried my face out way too much
i can not wear it because it is almost three shades darker than me
as it you are wearing a mask
if your skin is light
really upset about it maybe it's too oily for my skin :
it's non irritating for acne prone skin or those that suffer with rosacia
you would think with the tint you'd get a little coverage
it's too dark for my skin tone
doesn't cover things like scars
can only assume it won't cover any breakouts
the serum does not seem to absorb into my skin leaving it feeling sticky or like i have more makeup on than i do
not all of us have a light-medium complexion
can't see a huge difference in my skin tone
don't want to do a full face of makeup
it doesn't provide enough coverage to wear alone because i have red blotches
it's too dark for fair skin
the foundation is a bit too sticky for my liking
it's too dark for me
it's "no foundation foundation
it does claim to have spf 30
now that i am not as tan, it's way too dark.
it's way too dark for my skin tone now
doesn't work under the eyes
it's not really that moisture my skin
i got this as part of a no makeup makeup kit
i couldn't keep it on my skin
don't waste your money on this!
don't waste your money
feels like putting toothpaste on my face yikes
i also can't believe this stuff claims to be soothing
only good if you're going for that freshly sunburned look
it feels too sticky on my face
a reminder that "natural" doesn't always mean "gentle
how does my skin knows it is an eye cream?
it did nothing for my dark circles or eye bags.
unfortunately when used under makeup the product pilled
fragranced products just should never be used on ones face
my eyes wouldn't stop watering whenever i worse it
i love how refreshing it feels after i apply it once i've washed my face
it wasn't too strong in the jar
i feel like i have slimy eyelids for awhile
i don't wear any makeup other than mascara
so first off let me tell you i have normal/oily skin
it doesn't completely absorb into my skin
as it is it literally pulls off my eyeliner
it does not cause any irritation or pimples
this product not only make my eye area itchy
i didn't slather it on or anything
think about it this way- oily skinned people typically get recommendations for gel formula items because they aren't super-rich
am thinking it may burn when it interacts with some product in my eye makeup remover
instead there's a less appealing grape seed oil smell
i probably have a stubborn case
it's too intense to use all over the face
the pore strip did not take out any of my blackheads
did not remove any of my blackheads
it didn't extract many blackhead
it did not pull out any blackheads
i didn't see it pull any blackheads.
all that yucky stuff in on the strip
with the drug store ones there is always a decent amount of blackheads on the strip
nothing too crazy compared to the drug store nose strip
could take care of my crazy blackheads
don't waste your money.
the only one thing which helps me is charcoal stripes
the patch afterward however doesn't even fit on my nose
it's pretty normal sized
the pore remover portion was such a waste of time that it rendered the second patch pretty useless
the only reason i gave this product 1 star is it get's out some blackheads
it did not pull anything out of my pores or help my blackheads in any way
don't waste your money on strips.
did not remove any blackheads
while not squeaky-clean everywhere
the dry strip does absolutely nothing-- it's dismaying that sephora no longer carries the boscia pore strips because that is an infinitely superior product that actually removes blackheads
it will do a better job this this overpriced pore strip that did nothing to remove blackheads
i don't have horrible blackheads because i have a pretty elaborate skin care regimen
then you have to rip it off of the sensitive skin of your nose
the day cream is so goooood!
i've tried about all the eye creams that say they help with dark circles
can't see myself justifying paying 150 dollars for two eye-creams while only truly loving one
it's making my eyes tear
it's strange that they put so much fragrance
other stuff in it which is irritating to the eyes
would not purchase even though you can tell it's a nice thick cream
this will burn you eyes like crazy even after cleaning off the stuff
the nighttime creme wasn't too bad
too bad for the burning (and the high price tag).
this must be the stuff bad actors use to fake a good cry
it didn't just tingle it stung.
i needed to do a peel to get the stuff out
it did do a decent job cleansing my pores
the smell of the product itself is enough to make me gag
adding your own oils to it for a do-it-yourself type mask
it smell like chemical stuff
it's doesn't have the strong tingling sensation that the original glamglow masks are known for
i do enjoy how it turns into an oil cleanser!
it doesn't leave skin feeling amazing
it does not help with my blemishes
i also can't get past the smell of the mask
it felt pleasant because it turns into an oil treatment when you wash off the mask
usually when i use the supermud or thirstymud or youthmud masks
irritating, causes "purging", too much fragrance
this would be amazing for those of you with oily to combination skin
i always followed up with fab ultra repair so my skin wouldn't try out
this stings my face so bad!!!
i did not like the way my skin felt after i rinsed
one more star deducted because kate somerville knows the container doesn't dispense correctly
i couldn't wait to wash it off
sometimes you get tons of one &zero of the other.
just a little tacky for wearing under makeup
i agree with all of the reviewers who complained that this product pilled when layered underneath anything else
it is way too sticky
it does not melt into the skin at all
when i yawn, i tend to tear up alittle.
it's fine when you put it on
it's not only annoying
it's pretty sticky once it "dries"
or that it is impossible to wear on your eyes
i can't speak to its lifting
i did not like how it felt sticky on my face
it's not it is a sticky thick gel feels like glue you can not even move your eyes when it's dry
it is imposible go use it by night cause your hair get stuck in your eyes with the gel
this stuff is so sticky.
i can deal with something that is tacky
sadly it is just sticky
it's very sticky and does not absorb for a while.
this product feels sticky around your eye area after you apply it
then your skin feels tacky
it did not help the dark circles under my eyes or the puffiness
after the gel is applied it starts to get tacky
i don't have dark circles
they still feel sticky
idk how i'll do my makeup for work because i cannot possible put anything over my sticky gross under eye area
i didn't care for the texture of this--it seems to sit on the skin
i still have puffy eyes sometimes like i've had before
fake cucumber smell other people reviewed don't bother me
i didn't mind the cucumber smell or even the slightly sticky consistency
it doesn't soak in
i don't have problems with skin products usually
still doesn't do anything for the puffy bags!
don't use too much at a time it is on the gooey side
it's very gooey and not effective as it claims.
it does seem to tighten while it's on your face
also doesn't work under makeup.
for me, this was useless.
i got this product to help with my under eye gags
don't know about lifting effects.
but it does feel kinda sticky on my eye area.
it would still feel sticky
not enough to want to stick with this product as my routine/everyday eye gel or cream
i couldn't wear it under makeup because it's tacky
unfortunately i don't think it's great for sensitive skin
this stuff not only tingles, it burns.
i find that it's good at removing my makeup when used with my clarisonic
it also doesn't do a great job a removing makeup
i do not wear foundation or use any type of powder on my face
it makes my skin feel squeaky clean like when you wash dishes which i do not like
don't waste your money.
which with my skin type i don't mind.
so i suggest using it as a night cream!
or days you won't be wearing makeup!
doesn't leave me feeling like an oil slick
the smell is awful--i don't think i could use this daily
don't waste your money.
this may be worth a try if strong fragrance/scents don't bother you too much
that's not to say that the scent is unpleasant
smooth i can't stop touching it
btw if you have the sample there's easily 4 applications in it
i would not entertain this product if you have oily skin
not anti ageing one bit.
t wasn't oily on me/ my skin felt smooth
it legit like a body
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone who has combo to oily skin
i don't want anything this harsh that seeps into my eyes so easily on my face
it has a lip that makes it hard to get all of the product out
would not cause acne
smooth im not sure if it's actually doing anything for my textured skin
don't have many wrinkles
didn't help my dryness like other people's reviews claim
it isn't quite as liquidy as a lot of serums can be
doesn't leave a tacky feeling afterwards
does it help even and brighten your skin?
especially when you are then supposed to use another moisturizer/spf on top of it
because that's what it smells like
cannot get past the smell
i couldn't put my finger on what it smells like
didn't see any improvements in skintone
it hasn't done anything for the dark spots on my skin
it's just like every other cream
i don't know why clinique keeps changing it's formulas such as the two serums i mentioned above
doesn't remove eye makeup very well
usually an oil cleanser is enough to get even waterproof make up off
doesn't remove eye makeup- even products that aren't waterproof
didn't irritate my skin.
it does take off mascara great with a cotton ball
i don't find relief until i put on moisturizer
it's so weird an oil would dry my skin out so much
i am allergic to something in it---possibly nuts
first, i don't like the smell.
when i use this to remove eye makeup some of it always seeps into my eyes
then i get a bunch of mascara
i always get pimples the day after i use this
i couldn't use it too often because it made my eyes water so bad
esp if it's windy outside or if i have eyeliner or mascara on
it does have that fresh pine smell which i actually don't mind
i get a really bad burning sensation from this eye cream
t will burn if you accidentally get it in your eyes
i know it's a skin problem on my end
maybe this cream was meant for users who are layering product underneath
it won't squeeze( supposedly liquid).
i couldn't get the scent off of my fingers afterwards
the only things i notice with this product is that it dries out my skin
does nothing to your skin
the consistency is watery it's not a gel at all i think mine is defective comes out like water
it does however make my skin feel greasy after a while if i use this
t helped when i shook the tube or else i'd get more of the oily residue than the product itself when i squeezed the product
i didn't see any toning
so maybe it's a great option as an exfoliator for sensitive skin?
the smell isn't bad at first
i don't care if this made my skin as smooth as a baby's bottom
convenient and you don't need to use much.
the cleanser does not give a squeaky clean feeling
my skin also didn't feel clean after using it.
usually my skin type
i didnt find the smell awful either
i found it almost irritating
it turned into a gritty sludge that had such an awful texture it made me cringe
for someone who doesnt mind the texture
it left an oily residue on my face that did not feel clean to me
just doesn't work with my skin
occasionally get one or two breakouts on my chin when it's that time of the month
unfortunately it's clogging my pores
my makeup primer would not stick to it
especially not if you'll be applying makeup on top
i think this is a really gimmicky product.
my first impression is that it's sticky
i would recommend ppl who have oily skin to think carefully before you buy it
you may feel it more sticky or cause the break out
don't have time to prep my skin with mask/defoliator
don't waste your money
it has a watery consistency then balls up like silicone when you put on your makeup
you basically have to rub your face
i don't think it's working on my skin
night which seems to do the trick for my skin
it just was sort of blah
i do think it's an okay moisturizer
i can't get over the smell
i know nothing gets rid of them
it's not irritating when you apply it
it doesn't reduce redness- if anything
i think it's irritating me without me realizing it
it's really pricey too
this mask doesn't have directions
i prefer masks that you wash off.
this one even i tissue it off like it reccomends
and it's just pricey for what you get.
it's not a harsh mask at all
thought that was the reason for the un-rinsed feeling
i couldn't get it to lather or do anything
like there's a layer of residue
don't waste your money.
i just couldn't take the feeling on my face feeling greasy
this cleanser doesn't do it for me
it doesn't leave my face feeling clean
it removes probably 80% of the makeup
that's about all that's good about this cleanser
it doesn't rinse well
it's very unpleasant to have near your nose
it leaves a wax like feel on my skin that i need to use another cleanser to wash off
it's an oil at the beginning
it doesn't remove all impurities
when i scrub my face with water it doesn't really foam as much
it would leave a layer of residue on my face that i just wasn't use to
the oil doesn't seem to come off my skin like most oil cleansers
doesn't get all of my make up off
it's like putting oil on your already oily skin
i can't seem to get past the uniqueness of it
it wasn't that great at removing eye makeup either
did not foam up
it didn't remove "all traces" of my makeup
or for someone who doesn't wear a lot of eye makeup
i got it because i fell for a youtube review :-/ if you are getting this to use during your evening makeup removing routine please do yourself a favor
this will not remove your makeup.
does not remove makeup
can't remove even basic, powder makeup.
it seemed to rinse of well enough
i literally gag when using it.
i don't see the benefit of spending this much on a skin care product that makes me nauseous
doesn't remove my makeup
if it can't remove mascara then it's doing nothing for my long wear foundation
it doesn't leave my face feeling clean.
but it's a scent that i just can't place.
using it at home the smell was a little icky
i've stopped using it -- it's clearly too greasy for my skin type
it doesn't rinse clean
currently i'm using this as a lazy cleanser in the mornings to get lingering makeup
also, it doesn't remove mascara very well.
the odor of this cleanser is so horrendous that it made me gag--literally
doesn't emulsify when i tried to scoop it out
this has a weird texture that is not absorbed into the eye area easily
it did not create a good canvas for my concealer
it's a weird consistency that is difficult to actually absorb out of the container from your finger to your eye
though i found that it was a bit too thick/ didn't absorb completely
unless you have bad crows feet
maybe avoid this product
about the only thing i like is the texture of the cream
and it's thick so it doesn't really absorb well.
don't waste your money.
it isn't really a cream--it's more of a balm.
i find it doesn't work that great at taking off eye makeup
i tend to get it in my eyes
it's a little thick to wear in the morning
i can't get over the smell
it didn't seem to help with my redness/irritation
it does not even moisturize
the glass jar did not make it easy to scoop out the jelly product
it's really hard to keep this stuff out of your eyes when you're removing eyeliner
i usually have to do two rounds of cleansing to remove the oiliness if i use this to remove my make up
icky feeling film on your skin
if you're going to make a product that leaves such a residue
maybe don't package it in a heavy glass jar
it did remove my eye makeup well though so
this does a horrible job of removing makeup
doesn't seem to clean great.
maybe it's supposed to be hydrating?
it's the same concept
i noticed this doesn't get all my mascara off
f you decide to try it just be careful to scoop a little because it's pretty expensive
did not take off waterproof eyeliner or even a regular mascara
it does not take my eye makeup off nor does it make my skin feel clean
i want my face to feel clea after washing
i didn't think it did anything to cleanse my skin
all it does is smear it all across your face
you just have makeup all over your face
"eew what is this doing to my pores
all this does is spreads your makeup around your face
does nothing to break down mascara
water does not rinse it off
though it's normal for me to have the odd small pimple on my chin
unfortunately i found it to be too oily for my skin
it left such an oily feel to my face that it did not feel all that clean
it couldn't take off my mascara at all
i don't like this feeling at all of the cleanser on my face
i didn't feel clean.
you can get the same effect by using a scoop of coconut oil to wash your face
with the same result: you're going to need to grab another cleanser to get this greasy stuff off
also doesn't do much to get regular mascara off.
it had a hard time with my waterproof eyeliner
i do not like the tub design
too inconvenient to use in the shower
however, it does not remove mascara.
sometimes cleansing oils get a little messy because they can get so runny
it doesn't rinse clean or emulsify properly once you add water
there is absolutely no way that this cleanser will be adequate on its own--a follow-up cleanser must be used otherwise you're just going to end up with grease on your face
this felt like it didn't rinse off
i guess if you wear tons of stubborn makeup
didn't rinse off fully
it doesn't foam or get milky
it won't sting or irritate
the melting concept didn't work well for me
it does remove basically all makeup.
i don't get the milky texture when i add a little water either
it goes on like oil
sure it's a cheap oil
it just gets milky when you add water
didn't break out my acne prone skin
it does do it's job of taking makeup off
impossible to wear makeup over this product.
it absorbs well into your skin if you pat it in as instructed
it's causing some mild irritation
the product did not seem to absorb into the skin
she said it would be hydrating enough yet not cause milia because of the retinol in it
doesn't have any line smoothing effect
it is so dry that i can't apply any concealer
it seemed sticky in my t-zone
it's more like a matte cream.
just an average serum that doesn't really deliver
i don't have lines/wrinkles
i would like my skin to look more glowy
it's so thick it made my face feel greasy
unfortunately this contains some dubious ingredients that thankfully didn't irritate my skin on the first
it's not such a deep clean
if you don't want to exfoliate or give your face a rest
i think it does hydrate but smell bothers me.
it's only so-so on hydration
i can't get enough of how lux it feels
i would only buy this if you need hella hydration
for me it's too cloying
i do not like the scent of this mask
so i slathered it on and still to no avail.
but it didn't diminish my dark spots at all!
it does seem to lighten acne scars
i don't like the really bitter taste of it when it reaches my lips
my daily moisturizer couldn't even get rid of it
it doesn't have a rich lather
it doesn't remove eye makeup well
it's not as good as the anti-aging gel.
while i never get acne
have this as your scent all day
while it wasn't unpleasant
it does clean your face though.
it had too much of a perfumey fragrance which makes me think it's not very natural
this stuff doesn't even begin to touch full coverage foundation
which is kind of annoying
i also don't like that you can't use it around your eyes
so it is not for removing eye makeup.
if this product didn't foam
it's been a waste of money
you need a lot of product to get any kind of lather
didn't remove my mascara at all
it did nothing for my pores or fine lines
unfortunately it gives me dark blackheads where i use it
it looks like i don't wash my face blackheads--bleh
every product that somehow contains ingredients from the sea breaks me out
this one's no exception
not greasy in the slightest
it hasn't done anything to alleviate my face's perpetual redness
it did nothing for my pores
not greasy in the slightest
too sticky it was tacky around my eyes say no change returned
i just couldn't get over how tiny the jar is!
i do not really have a problem skin apart from some hyper-pigmentation
doesn't get all of the product out of the bottle
three for the serum that i didn't get enough time with
there's no scent that i can discern
guess it boils down to personal preference here.
if you wanted to combat oily skin for a night this works
i can't believe i spent $80 to ruin my skin!!!!
this does help de-puffing the face if you use it regularly
i feel once i've stopped using my facial skin sags even more
not sure how it'd interact with oily skin.
this product made my facial features "bunch up" in an odd way
you may want to forgo this product unless you are 60+ with incredibly saggy features
perhaps i should consider applying this product to my chest area when i feel like skipping pecs at the gym
it's too sticky for my liking
my skin wasn't absorbing it
it's got a very mask-like consistency that dries
that means it's hard to apply makeup after
sadly this was useless
it didn't sink into the skin.
it did nothing to help with my skin's flakiness
sometimes i'll follow it with this oil balm
i just find that my skin doesn't soak it up
it's just so unsanitary to keep putting my fingers in
didn't absorb so my face looked oily
coconut oil does the same thing to me
don't waste your money on this
it does take makeup off
i too have noticed a leftover residue so you're going to have to rinse
it stings my eyelids even though it does not get in my eyes
toned i had about as much left as when i use a drugstore makeup remover
it will get most of your makeup off
tastes bitter if you get any on your lips
not a problem i've had with other makeup removers
they've never caused a bad taste if i wash my face
and i actually find it hard to rinse off.
this did not remove my mascara.
i rarely have any acne or pimples
its maybe 1 or 2 occasionally
rarely ever get pimples
i can feel it wash off in the morning meaning it did not soak in
it ended up somehow being drying even though it was so oily
not all over my pillow
it has by no means erased my wrinkles or any such silliness
it does seems to give a little toning effect.
maybe it's all that moisture plumping my skin?
for some reason my skin only does this with gels
i also didn't like the feeling of my face sticking to my pillow
my skin is so odd
just that it's too sticky
i don't like how sticky it feels.
if you aren't prone to migraines though
def not worth the $$$ very oily hard to wash off because of how oily the product have seen no results only plus is the smell of the product
i also don't like that it's in a jar form because when you open it
my wrinkles are still there my dude
basically i can get the same effect with any silicone primer
maybe it's my age
it's just an ok product
i even thought it was a little drying which didn't help my wrinkles
but it doesn't remove the lines and the wrinkles.
i dont even have deep wrinkles
i just put a useless cream on my face.
don't even bother with a sample of this stuff
your skin actually feels like its tightening
does absolutely nothing on its own if you are a person like me who constantly is squinting at a computer screen
so maybe there's nothing more i can do than get botox
the raw sauce does so much more for my wrinkles
plain and simple, this doesn't work.
this time the cream does not burn my skin
one thing is a gimmicky product
it's so expensive that it doesn't make sense to use it as a moisturizer
feels good on just doesn't freeze what i want.
i do like how it feels minty on the skin it ruined my skin
i've always had decent skin other than occasional pimples here
nothing can get rid of it
i noticed it really has no benefits for my skin it didn't help with oiliness or my pores
it's an ok cleanser.
i've never once had oily skin unless i need a shower
which is strange because other reviews have said that it's taken away their oily skin
before i started using it i didn't have oily skin
dried my skin out so badly that it didn't matter how much heavy duty cream i put on
except this time it was the acne underneath the skin that hurts to barely touch
it didn't get rid of any of my blackhead or acne issues
it didn't help with my pore size
it didn't leave my skin very matte
i do not suffer from acne or white heads
i just couldn't get past the smell .
with a high end price tag i don't wish to be hassling with a janky pump
my skin does not feel very cleansed after as compared to other cleansers i have used
it really did nothing for my oily/combo skin
i like my washes to lather otherwise i don't feel like i get a good clean
it's so good for acne
glamglow cannot claim this is good for oily skin when it's not
i expect after i use this mask in the morning my skin shouldn't be as oily as it was before
and it did nothing for my pores.
after using it for the first 5 days i got 6 pimples in areas i don't get acne
try to take off your makeup with this cleanser won't work well
it's literally a more watery version of the mask itself
it's not the cheapest of cleansers, so i'm bummed
no matter how much i rinsed
i couldn't get the feel of some kind of residue off my face
doesn't feel clean at all
when adding water it doesn't really foam
it smells so bad that i throw up!
doesn't leave your skin feeling oily
i just can't get over the smell
it's light and not sticky.
at the same time trying to not let it squirt everywhere
though not as much of an issue if you double cleanse
it doesn't remove makeup.
all it does is create an oily film on your face that doesn't dissolve at all
it makes a filmy mess when trying to remove any type of make-up
it just created a mess that i had to use a washcloth
it would not be easy to rinse off
i end up using a lot of this when i wash my face because it doesn't feel like it's really cleaning or foaming up
it's okay once i apply a moisturizer
nothing actually cleanses the face
i don't feel like it's cleansing enough
this cleanser does not irritate my skin
it doesn't remove makeup
i can't imagine rinsing it off though
otherwise i would use a better cleansing oil like the tatcha line
i feel like it's not cleaning my face properly
i do like the scent though.
i like that it's light weight
doesn't leave a sticky feeling though
it doesn't seem to sit well under makeup
it kind of left me feeling greasy sometimes.
i feel like it was on-par with a typical drugstore moisturizer
unfortunately when i buy products with added scents it breaks me out
i'd say it's for normal to combination skin.
it definitely won't leave your skin glowy in any way
if you're thinking about this moisturizer
thankfully the night cream does not smell like this
i will stick with my sprays as its light enough to not cause oil buildup yet perfect for hydration
it simply made my skin look like garbage
it absorbs quickly otherwise it really hasn't done anything to my skin
it has done nothing to eliminate my undereye circles :
it's nice to not have the parabens
i also don't like that it's in a pot
it's nowhere near hydrating enough
only gets grey when i don't get enough sleep
my only complaint is a crease i have under my eyes that gets eyeliner stuck in it if i don't wash my makeup off thoroughly
could still smell it
why do these companies insist on perfuming their creams???
this one doesn't really seem to clean
just don't seem to come away with anything after washing with this
i do not get acne often
i don't wear makeup
it takes off your makeup... not all of it though.
i don't wear a lot of makeup
even after that i get a good amount of residue on a cotton pad
i've tried sooo many different cleansers it's ridiculous
using an oil cleanser always takes time to get use to
it is a good oil cleanser that doesn't clog pores
it's not even close to being as good as josie maran argan oil cleanser
this cleansing oil did a good job at removing my makeup
it's a really basic oil cleanser.
this is the only one that's ever actually dried out my skin
little did i know that this oil was causing milia on my skin
it's not a miracle for my skin.
doesn't seem to sink in
makes me look greasy.
it seriously doesn't absorb into my skin at all!
when i use it in the morning my skin looks greasy
it doesn't sink in the skin!
my skin doesn't feel soft at all after applying it-unlike every other oil i've tried
it just does not absorb it just sits on top of my skin making it oily
if you feel like it's wrecking your skin
sticky which i didn't like
but i can't get past the smell and stickiness.
there's almost no difference in my skin after using it religiously every night
did not irritate skin so at least it's not harming skin
this product doesn't do much for blackheads
it doesn't tingle like it said
it's making my skin look horrid
i don't like the feeling of products on my face
on my skin which usually doesn't tend to break out much was breaking out like crazy
there's other drunk elephant products i really like that work for my skin
couldn't get rid of these small red bumps
i can't imagine anyone with dry skin having success with this
applying my usual moisturizer was not enough
i can maybe see this working on oily/combo skin
you might as well wash your face with a drugstore br
it does not do a good job removing eye makeup
soap is awful for your face.
the ph for soap is way too high for your face
it's merely a cleanser in solid, bar form!
i will admit it does clean my face thoroughly
they don't appear to be pimples
it feels like a cheap bar of soap.
it doesn't actually clean that well
my skin is pretty dang oily
didn't help my acne
when my mom tried it she said it was too harsh for her oily skin
definitely wouldn't recommend this for sensitive skin that can't take a beating
giving it 2 stars because it did lather well
this one really does exfoliate but it's drying.
there was no or only minimal lather or foam.
it did not minimize the look of my pores at all
does nothing for my acne prone skin
wouldn't use oils there
did not make my skin excessively shiny
guess it's not made for dry sensitive skin like mine
it doesn't penetrate into my skin
i didn't like this eye cream.
this would be fine if the product write up didn't make it sound like it could function as a moisturizing oil
it didn't do a great job of removing residual makeup though
skin care buuuuut i just can't get out of my mind that i'm rubbing corn starch on my face
it would be good for someone with oily skin.
it's clearly called greek yogurt because that what if feels like on your face
i can't get over how gross it feels
i don't wear waterproof anything
my regular cleanser just to make sure the makeup was completely gone
it really doesn't remove makeup
you'd be better off to buy a cleanser
i don't wear heavy makeup
if you wear heavy makeup
it's okay at removing eye makeup
i doesn't not make my mascara move one bit.
after using it i had to rewash my face because it was so sticky
had to rewash with something else because it was so sticky
also, it doesn't get rid of makeup easily.
because its doesn't remove the makeup at all
does not remove makeup.
this cleanser does a poor job of getting my eye makeup off
i felt the need to use a different cleanser to get rid of that greasy film
there's this weird greasy layer left on your skin
this does not remove my makeup completely even with repeated uses
when i found out there's a new version of that cleanser i decided to try it out
i feel like this emulsion does not do as good of a job of removing makeup as the cleanser does
it didn't remove any of my eye makeup
it does not remove my mascara at all
you can't really remover your makeup unless you use a cotton pad to wipe off the emulsion as the director tells you to do
that's true of most eye creams
this product did nothing to eliminate my eye bags
you'd get the same effect with almond oil
it doesn't hydrate or de puffs your under eye area at all
i don't think any eye product has mind blowing results
i don't even find it smoothing or anything.
i didn't saw any difference on my puffs or dark circles at all
ironing tip look really cute
that's mostly what you're paying for
mostly because it's a moisturizer
don't use this because the tip tugs on your skin
it didn't do anything for my puffiness i actually found it to ma make my eyes look puffier
that tiny iron is just so cute and smart!
my eyes are usually quite puffy in the morning.
it didn't do anything for the puffiness under my eyes
don't waste your money.
i think this is best for people with little under eye creasing
for us girls with deep creases under the eye i dont recommend
i don't like the ingredients.
doesn't really hide or decrease my puffy eyes
a big issue i have w this product is this weird crust like finish once it dries up on my eye bags
the lil iron was so cute as to say that your ironing out the puff rather than a rollerball like other similar products use
i could overlook that if the product were decent however it did nothing to soothe my undereye or moisturize it
for me it does not work when using concealer
this is such a gimmicky product from them.
it doesn't get rid if puffiness at all.
it does seem to tighten up puffiness
however it's nice to have a cooling gel go under your eyes before you do your makeup
don't waste your money.
everything just looks icky
i don't feel it's a bad product
just doesn't work for my skin
couldn't get past the negatives
it does not irritate my eyes
it did a good job at making my face feel squeaky clean
it doesn't cleanse as much as i want it to cleanse
similar to what it feels like if you use a cheap bar soap on your face
i do not like the way it smells- almost mildew
i would say it may be best for oily skin
also would like to mention i do not have a clairsonic brush
otherwise this cleanser is a no go
but i couldn't get over the smell.
i don't like the bottle it is deceiving.
i did like the smell just not the texture it left on my skin
barely apply the serum anymore
it starts to create this buildup that i can actually slough off as i try to apply my moisturizer
doesn't work well during the day or under makeup
didn't make my skin look any more "bright"
i still don't know what ingredient made me breakout because products rarely irritate my skin
to try if you're just starting off with serums
the fact that it's all gold
does nothing for your skin
my skin doesn't feel remotely "lifted" not "firm" after using this
kinda hard to get off too as it's so gooey.
it's got a thicker texture than what you'd expect from a serum
f i want that gold shimmer to stay on my face i will lightly rinse my face to get that effect
which is cool if you want that or it either clogged my pores
i would say this mask is a luxurious way to treat yourself to glowy
for whenever you want to get that extra glow
you get a lot of product for your buck
didn't hydrate didn't add radiance
just glade it didn't irritate my skin
powder or liquid does not look like that
now for the mask: yes it is hydrating indeed
it did however make my skin oilier
it's such a mess to use, i don't.
it's almost impossible to get off.
i don’t know if maybe that’s just cuz my skin is dry after i rinse this off?
i feel my face sticky even though i rinse it twice
also the packing is very uncomfortable you have to touch the all product in order to take a bit or you have to reach for a brush or something
i don't think this is cleansing my skin at all.
i do not find that this mask cleans pores or removes any kind of dirt / oil
kind of messy since themask is so black
this was unlike any mud masque i have tried- it doesn't dry
don't go out of the house in this- you may get some awkward looks
my pores weren't open
if i want a nice moisturizer i'll use a heavy cream or an oil
be forewarned that it is messy-after rinsing it off
my pores didn't look smaller
it didn't even make my skin feel smooth
that doesn't bother me much as i have acne-prone
didn't do anything to eliminate clogged pores or keep them from coming
if the redness happens to you
pudding-y mask that was easy to spread on my face
pores didn't look any tighter
it's easy to clean up
i like the fact you have the bar to rinse the oil off of your face
i can't even get rid of it fast.
it's a bit oily in summer
once it's on your face
not too crazy that a little moisturizer before make up can't help
this is definitely for someone with oily skin
all i have seen this wash do is give me what appears to be a chemical burn
this cleanser was amazing for getting my skin clear even though i only had like 3 pimples at the time
i don't have bad skin at all
it gets soapy enough so that my skin actually feels like it's getting clean
which sometimes makes my the fine wrinkles around my mouth
even if you have really oily skin like me
whenever you want to feel squeaky clean
i'll probably try out other cleansers.
this cleanser definitely does not clean deep enough to clear out all of the impurities deep within my pores
maybe if i had oily or combo skin i'd like it better
so, i usually avoid ptr for a couple reasons.
i do, however, like this cleanser.
this product didn't seem to work well on my dry skin at all
doesn't leave a greasy film
it does tingle a little on application
those weird little "caviar-like beads" are a bit annoying to pop
they won't dissolve if you're just gently patting this on your eye
this eye cream isn't bad
i can see my dark circles fade a little
this cream doesn't do anything to fine lines
it's not a bad eye cream
it didn't do anything besides the beads making my under-eye area sting a little bit
i didn't like the texture
it doesn't get rid of any darkness at all
so you have to be careful to remove or blend them when applying makeup
i don't know if it corrects the circles
i cannot get past the way the product dries
is impossible to 'break' the beads unless you rub your eyes rather roughly
i feel it's dried the skin under my eyes more
you can get plain vanilla moisturizer for a lot less
what's with the stupid silver beads that just leave gray smears under you eyes?
it stings my skin sometimes for some odd reason
now the skin doesn't feel as smooth
the cream does not make the under eye look smooth
without it's original packing
don't waste your $100 on this cream
i guess i would recommend it only for oily skin
it would be difficult to wash off all of the beads if i wasn't in the shower
it is getting annoying having to return it to try to find a bottle that allows me to get the product
this cleanser does do the job
after a week of using this my face is flakey
it wasn't just patches either.
it is a bit more difficult to rinse off this cleanser as the little beads or grainy things in the cleanser are sometimes hard to wash off
this is due to the only con i could find: it's scented with a very heavy
most girls these days prefer things that does not contain too much perfume because if you wear a perfume on a regular basis you'd not want to mix it with a thous
or if you easily get bothered by chemical scents
i don't think it cleans my skin
since i've been coping with oily skin all my life i didn't even have any products on h
doesn't draw out anything if it doesn't sit on your skin
it didn't burn or tingle
it did well on my oily t-zone
i can't deal with the dryness
this cleanser isn't bad, it's just not for me.
i wouldn't say it exfoliates much
you just don't get the tingling when it sits on your skin
even though it's a mud
i just don't feel like it absorbs any of the oil or especially make-up or dirt at the end of the day
it does foam but it just wasn't for my skin.
i am not prone to regular pimples
my skin didn't feel any softer after using this
a cleanser should never have an unauthentic scent
doesn't remove dirts or oils.
don't waste your money.
mine does not foam like it claims
it didn't make my face feel cleansed at all
not to mention it is a huge waste in packaging in adiction to the needress thick cardboard tube it comes in
this really didn't cleanse my face all that well
i can't say that this product is hydrating at all
never had acne etc
every time after cleansing using this product i would feel the dryness of my skin immediately
definitely can't use it everyday.
everyone's skin is different though.
i normally do not like spending a lot of money in cleansers since you just wash them down the drain
i figured i would try out a glam glow cleanser because everyone is in love with this br
it's probably just my skin
there is no way you can wear this under makeup without looking like a freak
i don't feel that it hydrates as much as i'd like at all
it doesn't soak in well at all
it just looks icky when i touch or rub my under eye area
t can be worn under makeup without problem
unless you glob it on
i feel itch after apply it
just because it says paraben free does not mean it doesn't have other chemicals galore
not oily or too heavy
i sometimes also use it on my lips
this cream is refreshing when you put it on
my skin doesn't absorb this cream at all
it didn't hydrate my eye area at all
please fix the scent
not with dark circles
it makes the skin around my eyes flakey
t doesn't smell the best because no added fragrance yet i just couldn't bare the scent
the scent does not linger
within 5 minutes i couldn't smell a thing on my face
probably can't muster enough moisturizing power for the dryest winter months
it does not comfort the skin at all
couldn't get pass the smell
it smells so gross like rotten milk.
i just can't deal with a smell that makes me feel nauseous
it made my face feel sticky
i think it's causing my clogged pores.
doesn't rinse off well
soap since i felt like it didn't remove my makeup well
i can hardly feel clean after i use this product
not recommend to oil skin!!
this is not the right cleanser.
it makes my skin go nuts when i use it to wash off makeup
tbh i would just use it for washing the body
i can clearly see on the cotton pad that makeup is still in my pores
especially one you rub on your eyes
was too lazy to reorder online
did not leave my skin feeling clean at all
the remover doesn't do a great job of removing makeup
doesn't remove makeup that well
it's not very effective for cleaning make-up
i can't get past the scent
i never used "baby"-scented products on my own babies for that very reason
i think i will go through this fairly quickly as it takes about three pumps to get any lather from this oil
i believe it is more appropriate for young skins i just don"t think my skin is so dewy after using
just because they're natural doesn't mean they're good
i assure you it is irritating your skin down at the pore base
don't spend 100$ to irritate your skin.
i usually try to avoid putting anything on my face that contains fragrance
the cleanser does not have a bad scent
the only downside of this cleanser is that it did not leave my skin feeling cool
it has not cleaned up acne nor does it seem to clean my face
i would not use this as a make up remover
if you are really oily it might work for you- i am more combination
can't find my receipt
i don't wear a ton of makeup guys.
i certainly wouldn't use it alone to cleanse makeup because i feel that it isn't completely capable of breaking down makeup alone
it definitely won't break down a good sunscreen on its own
i can use it during the summer though which is a good thing just as a tinted moisturizer
if you don't want tinted, don't get this product
i want to love this product because it's a moisturizer
it's barely makeup because it's so sheer
flakes mind you too
instead what i got was a moisturizer that made my face greasy with breakouts
it doesn't have that smell, it's lightweight.
if it weren't for the tint i would use it.
it was still too shiny
lightly scented which doesn't bother me
i just don't think that this cream is good for people like me who have combination skin that is oily in the t-zone
and i can't bear the scent.
smells wierd and is pretty sticky.
the smell is ok for me... it fades quickly.
it's also pretty sticky.
works fine but i couldn't get over the smell.
it doesn't feel like being absorbed either.
i just can't get over the horrible smell which reminds me of tobacco or a cigar
it does smell a little chemical-y at first
this one is simply unbearable
compared to other serums i have used this really didn't feel any different that a regular moisturizer
it didn't even moisturize for very long
thankfully i used points to try this.
i avoid using this because of the smell
i barely ever get a zit
it's like chicken pox all over my face after using this
doesn't cause flare-ups for my oily
this stuff smells revolting
the smell doesn't go away
unfortunately though this isn't a product for oily skin
i would still recommend it for oily skin types for at night just not during the day
because it smells so bad
i think even if a daily dose of his serum could get me to loose 10 pounds i wouldn't be able to do it
i don't need my cleanser to change color to tell me that it's doing its job
it isn't too different from other face washes
i just didn't care for that fact that unless i rinsed it off very thoroughly
however it does leave the orange pigment on your skin if you do not rinse of very well
just are craving for your cleanser/mask to change color while you use it
not really an "indicator" of cleanliness-doesn't really create lather-stings eyes when rinsing
just another gimmicky product.
the bubbling part may give you the illusion that it’s doing something
the foaming effect doesn't last very long
my pimples didn't go away.
this product doesn't help with my acne at all.
one good thing about it is it doesn't irritate my skin
it's so easy to carry in my purse
it didn't minimize my pores
this might work for someone who has mild acne
it does nothing to help acne
the small amount of beta hydroxy acid contained in this product won't do much to tame breakouts anyway
while it didn't leave my face sticky
my chin literally had so many pimples i couldn't count
what it actually does is it puts shimmer
so don't know if it actually brightens or if it just shimmer to make it look brightened
the powder is really messy
first of all you are getting the amount specified it just settles in the bottle secondly this is terrible for your skin because of the shells to exfoliate
plus it's messy and easly wasted!!
the texture is great if you want a more abrasive scrub
this doesn't work as a regular cleanser for me
if your skin is clear
i can hear my face squeak
i guess it is an okay option if you want to bump up your cleansing oil routine
keep in mind that i never get zits
the smell is mild so it's not too fragrance.
blackheads starting popping out of nowhere in ridiculous size
in the home of a person who doesn't bathe
i'd assume it's meant to be worn under makeup
i don't see the indentations anymore
that means i can't use most of makeups
it's one of the ingredients
where some people like the smell
the smell does not dissipate after you put it on either
i do prefer it to the glamglow clay mask because it doesn't dry out my skin
i didn't notice as much pore shrinkage with this product as glamglow
i could feel it clogging my pores
i feel like my skin can't breathe with this stuff on
it made me too shiny
if you're breakout prone i would avoid it.
the cons....man is this stuff sticky.
in places i don't usually breakout
i hate the formulation of this--it is so sticky on my skin
it's also a bit sticky for me
maybe it's just my skin?
didn't cover my pores
actually makes my pores
its an okay primer
didn't get oily through the day.
it goes on like a cream
basically it's really expensive lotion in a small bottle
tend to get a tad oily in my t zone during the summer months
if your someone with oily skin you will probably like this product
it doesn't matter how i prep my skin.
it's the only lotion that works for me
leaves a weird film on your skin too.
this renewed spf version just doesn't cut it
doesn't look oily under makeup
but once it absorbs it's nice.
i also feel it's made my skin oily which never used to happen i have dry to normal skin
doesn't help with dark circles.
it's a very odd texture which i get it
you can't just dab your finger in the container to get product out
it's given me tiny milia
maybe it's just my skin
it's so thick it's impossible to rub out like you'd expect a normal cream to
i wanted to like this night cream because it's thick
i don't see it's moisturized enough when i put it on every night
for some reason heavy eye creams of this kind tends to make my eyes watery
other than just providing the skin with moisture this eye cream doesn't do much
don't think it's that hydrating
doesn't pump up my fine lines
i don't think it did more for my skin than the ultra repair cream
feel of the cream which i use nightly
on the plus side it didn't cause irritation like a lot of eye creams do
you'll probably like it
i don't like the smell
it doesn't even do anything spacial !
i like this product because on the surface it does a good job removing makeup
i don't think this product is perfect because it hasn't reduced the occurrence of my breakouts
i find it's much nicer to apply after another serum or face oil
the two products seem plump
no matter how little i use its impossible to rub completely into my skin
this isn't doing anything any generic old retinal cream didn't do for me
don't have many wrinkles yet
it makes me want to rewash my face after using it
unless you count feeling like an oil slick as a result
i didn't have any issues with the color or smell
this just doesn't absorb well
it did moisturize i guess.
simply because of how vile the scent is
especially since it lingers on your skin
it's so hard to blend
this didn't break me out or make my somewhat oily face any worse
it didn't minimize pores or help with texture or dark spots
it's light texture does not melt away makeup.
it's literally done nothing for my skin.
i'll finish it because it's so expensive
maybe this works to stop fine lines from appearing rather than eliminating them?it didn't help with redness
just not oily skin i guess
the chlorella doesn't seem to be irritating me at all
maybe this would work if you combined it with other soothing serums
it did nothing but make my face red and itchy.
it's thick and comes out messy in the dropper.
the dropper can't get it all out
it's such an utter waste of money.
it doesn't even fill the bottle
did nothing for my pores
i'll use the bottle up for wishful thinking
it doesn't matter whether i use a brush or a sponge
i like that there is spf in the primer
it doesn't do anything for the oil on my forehead
the smell doesn't bother me.
this primer does a weird "balling up" thing when applied
i believe it's the dimethicone.
other than that this did nothing for my oily
this didn't do anything to blur my pores or fine lines/wrinkles
i think this is bit to oily for me.
as a primer, it doesn't work for me.
peels like no one's business
i will stick with my makeup forever primer.
it's not like it's ever flaking
sometimes it gets sneaky
it begins to pill horribly
it's just sitting on my mantle as an irritating reminder that i should stay away from skincare br
if i use it under makeup i notice pilling.
if you are someone with oily skin you might love it
this may be something you would like if you don't apply makeup after sunscreen
the combo of this under foundation just doesn't work
it's unbearable for me most days
even the slightest sweat will mess with your makeup when this is your base
with combo oily t-zone and dry everywhere else.
beware it does not dissipate for quite some time
maybe you can stomach this if you have dry skin
aren't bothered by smells
i like the idea of this, a primer with spf.
it didn't feel heavy or gross on my skin
little chunks of anything on your face is just gross
will be giving this product to a friend who doesn't care about the spf factor so she can benefit from the lightest of layers
it doesn't have the "blur" effect it touts because it goes on transparent
can't say whether it protects adequately from the sun
i can't get over the smell of it
really did seem to blur my pores
it's absurd to pay $65 for a primer.
when you apply foundation on top the product starts to peel or something weird
if i use these product it makes me feel oily
it just feels like a regular lotion just more jelly
i find that if i touch my face at all it has a tendency to pill up
it says it's mattifying
if not more oily
it gets irritated by this product it seems
it doesn't cause me any breakouts
no joke, i think this made my skin oilier?
after that i'm basically an oily mess
need to use quite a dollop on my face
it does not provide enough moisture to my skin
i also feel like too much comes out of the tube because it's runny
u can not use this as a moisturizer even if you have oily skin
seemed like it made my makeup more slick in my t-zone
cool on your face when you apply it
it doesn't leave an oily film on your face
doesn't work to mattifier my oily skin at all.
doesn't reduce oil-just as oily by noon.
suppose to minimize pores and oil.
it doesn't seem to help my oily skin at all.
i felt like it left me looking more oily compared to me not wearing a moisturizer at all
if anything it made me more oily
however it doesn't last long at all to keep my oily skin at bay
it's an okay product
too bad, i normally like fab products.
shiny pretty much immediately
the oily part still bothers me
anything that says mattifying i instantly want
unfortunately this made me even more oily around my t-zone
i don't want the greasy look that added to my oily-ness
my skin couldn't breathe at all.
it seems there are almost no products that don't cause oil to come to the surface
i am oily going to bed if i use it!
i've tried it for 4 days and it's awful.
wrinkles i do not have oily face i have a dry face i cannot tell the difference under my makeup other than it makes my makeup look blotchy
please stay away from it if you are oily person.
i always need to blot with sheets on days with no makeup
it doesn't blend whatsoever
this product didn't do anything to control my oily face
it has a bizarre consistency that causes makeup to apply strangely
it's smooth when you apply it
i don't use much makeup
my nose does not look shiny
the product didn't dry quick enough
was too greasy to actually put makeup over
if it's in your budget, go for it.
which becomes awful in the winter
but i can't wear it under makeup.
it did seem to hydrate the skin to a point my face was like an oil field every day after using it
for my thirty something skin it's a definite no
it's a bit too thick for my liking
i wouldn't even consider my skin type as acne prone
way too greasy, doesn't work for normal skin.
i feel it clogs pours more than benifit them.
it's really difficult to completely rinse off
can't imagine it's actually for normal to dry skin
i do like the smell.
acne is not a concern for you than this is a good cleanser
made my face feel rubbery if that makes any sense
unfortunately i did not enjoy having to rinse the "water" off
if you can't use a makeup remover to take off eye makeup why bother i say
you can't do that with this product because when it gets in your eyes it stings rather badly
it was a bit too greasy for the t zone.
it's good for people who is oily though or just use this in the summer time
doesn't feel greasy at all
doesn't make my cheeks
it isn't "deep" whatever that means.
it doesn't feel like a night cream
it definitely doesn't provide a "deep moist" for me as it advertises
my only problem is how oily it makes me.
it doesn't seem to help at all with oiliness
just too thick for my taste
my skin just doesn't like it
not really meant for oily skin
i figured that it would be perfect for my oily skin
this moisturizer would be getting at least 4 stars if it weren't for the overwhelming use of fragrance
it's not actually absorbing at all
also there's alcohol in this moisturizer which is lame
i don't like alcohol in my skin scare product
i can see it work for an oily skin probably
i can see if you have skin on the oily side how this would work well
dehydrated skin don't like the words on the package fool you
it's an okay eye cream.
i feel like this cream is too rich for me that it gave me a tiny white bumps under my eyes
i don't usually leave the bad review n i like other products of the blief
this one was the nightmare i don't even have sensitive skin
it doesn't peel away easily with water as promised
it didn't peel off for me at all
although it says it's a "peel off" mask
if you want to spend $56 on a normal moisturizer than you can
to remove makeup that isn't even waterproof
doesn't seem like it absorbs very well
don't have many fine lines or wrinkles
it's so oily that my makeup won't stay while wearing it
no matter how waterproof it is
this just doesn't cut it
it's almost drying actually.
it doesn't hydrate like i was hoping for
does not get rid of under eye lines
nothing bad with this eye cream
makes it appear like it's working
for all you ladies prone to milia
it is not hydrating and doesn't soak in easily.
seems like it just sinks in
for an eye cream that does nothing
doesn't do much for dark circles or fine lines
honestly cannot see much of a difference with my dark circles or puffiness
it's too expensive for a mediocre moisturizer.
this basically has glitter in it.
a warning that it does have glitter
i get that this is suppose to make you glow
is all the glitter really necessary?
i didn't notice any difference shimmer
with no spf i can't see using this during the day
its not big chunks of glitter or anything
i didn't see any smoothing or radiance
it doesn't spread over the fave very easily.
it's wayyyyy too drying even for my oily skin.
i would not recommend it even if you have oily skin
def would not reccomend for oily skin
also the clay always runs out before the oil which is annoying
nothing a good moisturizer couldn't fix
it didn't help my oily breakout prone skin at all
this cleanser did nothing
i think you'd be better off using one of their other cleansers
it didn't really change or improve the texture of my skin
which is weird because i mostly use the oil part
i wouldn't recommend spending $39 on this if you're buying a cleanser from sephora
i don't find anything special about this cleanser
but, it did nothing to remove my eye makeup.
i don't feel like 3-4 pumps of the mud is enough to effectively clean my face
i found that this cleanser didn't foam up nearly as much as the thirstycleanse version
this may be better for someone with oily or combination skin
i didn't like the texture or the smell.
everytime i used this one sticky sgain
i didn't find that it cleansed my face
doesn't dispense enough product in one or two pumps
saying foam is generous - it doesn't really foam.
it dries my skin up whenever i don't use it.
i felt as if the oil didn't absorb in my skin
my skin didn't feel any softer or appear
although it doesn't make the makeup stay on for any length
spray water primer works ok but not great.
i think if you can wear this with some powder
it doesn't disappear for a while
it's almost like it doesn't want to blend
can only recommend it to those with no flaky
f you're one of those people who is too lazy to moisturize i'd recommend this
if you enjoy putting white paste on your face that just sits on it this is the product for you
i can't even get through the jar
this may be a better product for someone with oily skin
now that it's summer it's been a bit drier
i love how it does give that blurring effect
i can't get past the white cast it leaves on my face
this would probably be great for those with oily skin
i can't get past the fact that it leaves my face looking white
it's like an oil slick on your face.
but can't wear under makeup.
this would be forgivable if the coloring was easy to cover in makeup
it doesn't really absorb in as much as sit on top of your skin
this stuff is way too thick, like toothpaste.
it's impossible to rub in without leaving a white
i can only assume that's caused by my pores being trapped
it's weird because i actually like the normal fab ultra repair moisturizer a lot for my evening moisturizer
can't imagine how it is for any deeper skin tones
just never seems to sink in no matter how much you pat or rub or warm up beforeh
i didn't mind the consistency or the white cast it left
i didn't notice much of a white cast
run down your face if you are even a tiny bit sweaty
i don't like taking the time to rub it in
doesn't leave a white cast on your face
the stuff is super thick
it does not wear well under makeup.
leaves a white cast even on my super fair skin
first aid beauty ultra repair spf unfortunately just wasn't for me
the white cast disappears pretty quick
it doesn't want to absorb into my skin
doesn't moisturize enough for me
it just made my face feel dry as though i didn't put moisturizer on at all
not for under makeup
it's good if you're staying mostly inside or if it's a cooler day
doesn't keep me oil free throughout the day
i can't wear it all day on my face.
i am not sure i would substitute this for my daily moisturizer in the summer because it was very thick
t leaves my skin feeling a little heavy
i still need to wear a moisturizer for my dry-ish skin type to not let this get flaky by mid-day
i will say that most sunscreens make my eyes water a bit if i sweat
by the end of the day my face is basically melting off because it makes my combo skin super greasy
it's just too heavy for my face
because who doesn't love masks
i couldn't wait to rinse.
i applied with a extra foundation brush not sure if it was too thick
it had these wierd little clumps that wouldn't stick to my face
doesn't do anything for my pores at all.
not only does it flake off
doesn't smell good at all
it's difficult to come off
i do not have sensitive skin especially when it's warmer out my skin is my oily than anything
it flakes everywhere when i use it
it's got huge clumps that don't exfoliate whatever
they just make it chunky
it didn't pull anything out of my pores my blackheads are all still there
it's just a mild face wash that foams on
the feeling when it's foaming up
i don't really notice any differences in my skin except it's a little bit red-er than usual after i use it
i don't use it as a mask
don't waste your money.
le the fact that the foam was in a sense "popping"
i did not feel any sort of warmth until i started to rinse off
it didn't even take off all of my non-waterproof mascara
i do like the way it cleanses your face.
i don't feel the "warming" effect though.
doesn't work on my eye makeup
i know this isn't for waterproof makeup
i prefer to use it in the morning as a "wakeup wash" rather than as a makeup remover
i don't think it's that safe
i do like how fast it gets soapy.
not so fond of the smell.
used a whole bottle, no differance in skin.
my friends the product made my face a little dryer that's about it
like it's clogging my pores
if i apply too much around my nose i can actually see little beads of oil forming around my pores
it was almost as if i hadn't put moisturizer on at all after my acne product
the price is ridiculous though--there are a lot of other thick face creams at sephora that are only half the price of this repair cream
if you don't want to look like a sparkly teen during the day
you'll need a good foundation over this
after you apply it you can smell the light scent to it which i liked
doesn't make me feel or look oily
i won't even finish the jar.
moisturizer-wise it did not clog my pores or anything
:\otherwise it's your "no bells
doesn't leave any weird feeling on skin
as weird as that may seem
it also makes your skin feel tight when it's on!
i didn't notice any results except that i don't think this mask is the best for my dry skin that isn't acne prone
it's okay,a typical mask.
it doesn't do anything except for some exfoliating effects that come with any clay mask
i don't feel much of a big difference in minimizing the size of pores or cleansing the blackhead
now it's brown-ish and it's really dry!
doesn't test on animals
it couldn't reduce my breakouts- didn't tighten pores- didn't help even my skin tonehopefully it shows some results after further application
i don't think it cleared my pores as well as other products
this mask doesn't purge anything
i still would like to try the instant detox mask when i get around to it
don't even know why is this a purifying mask
it even kind of curdles if you wear it longer than a couple minutes
it doesn't specify how thick it should by applied
it's just a lot of grease.
the slightest thing can make me breakout or give me an allergic reaction
my dermatologist says it's mostly due to time
it's a bit odd to take off
at least it doesn't feel like you'll peel your face off
i didn't notice a difference in my pores
vile i just can't get over it
i actually like the smell of those two products
the smell doesn't go away quickly.
your face will still be a bit shiny
not greasy like you haven't washed your face
the scent itself isn't so bad.
if your skin is like like mine
also, cannot get paste the terrible smell.
without the easy slip that i expect
i can't describe the smell.
the other problem with smell is it lingers forever
it is slightly sticky if you use as a night mask
didn't think it hydrated any more than my typical clinique moisturizer
it does have a nice gel like glide when you apply it
it's super hard to rinse off my face
i can tell it removes everything because my cotton ball of toner is still completely clear after washing my face
this product does not remove all my makeup.
there's no foam or anything to show coverage.
i don't know what kind of waterproof mascara other people are using
my face just doesn't feel quite clean with the filmy residue
this was a so-so cleanser.
i don't really notice the smell of the cleanser
normal to oily folks would probably enjoy this
be aware you'll need a separate eye makeup remover
i would rather stick with a regular cleanser that doesn't weigh on my skin
smells like it's full of chemicals
i am not a person that complains about product scents
it does an ok job washing off makeup
mascara is another one that it doesn't do a very good job of removing
or i maybe didn't use enough of the cleansing oil to remove all my makeup
it doesn't lather at all
but this eye cream did nothing for my aging eyes.
it's an eye cream
i didn't like how the lotion came out of the bottle
it feels heavy if you put enough on
it's basically an overpriced moisturizer.
sadly it's expensive an comes in a pretty glass container
it absorbs quickly but i can't see any benefits.
i don't have bad under eyes circles nor puffiness
really feels cleansing without stripping.
it's honestly super messy to use
you need to work it into a lather anyway
in order to actually wash your face with it you will need to continually wet your h
you can't rub it around
or just do it in the shower
their wasn't any kind of change with my pores.
i don't get a lather when i use this
think that this is just charcoal bar soap in a fancy package
doesn't cause my skin to overproduce oil
i also didn't like that the bottom piece that holds the soap has holes so the products falls through
it's a bummer because i've been wanting to try a charcoal cleanser
the stick applied the product unevenly: very thick or nothing at all
it was so melted that it wouldn't roll up anymore
the cleanser itself wasn't something extra ordinary
it didn't leave my pores completely clean
it doesn't feel super clean like i would expect it to when it's washed off
have to scrape this expensive stuff out of the bottom of the container
you are supposed to wet your face
it's just a colossal mess
if you use it in the shower
when you attempt to screw the cap back on after use it's a slimey
the cleansing effect isn't bad
in fact it does a good job taking out the blackheads in my nose
once it's out of the tube there's no putting it back
maybe then it would lather?
enough to dispense onto your face
first off, it doesn't hydrate.
this product is so light weight i might as well try to splash water on my face
more like it just dries on your skin
sometimes it actually leaves my skin feeling tight
not get creasy or shiny
it just sort of felt like putting smelly water on my face
i agree with other reviewers that it leaves a slight tacky feel on the face
until you put honey on your skin
you would be good except that it lacks sunscreen
not only did this feel tacky on my face
i couldn't get past the tacky quality of this oil on my face
but i can't get past the tacky feel.
it does not sink into the skin well
feels thick if u use too much yet if you only use couple drops it doesnt go all over your skin
after almost 13 hours of wear my face still feels tacky to touch
tacky even after washing it off
that smell is making me toss it too
i've used plenty of other natural products that don't smell like this
for the rest of the day i was trying to figure out why i smelled like i just got a perm
does not improve my skin's texture
i do seem to notice smoother skin
smelling it non stop does cause a headache
i can't get over the smell
sadly after one use to made my skin super oily
while i do like this mask
i know people will say "that's just it bringing impurities to the surface"
seriously if your skin is sensitive to any extent you're gonna wash this off
i don't find that it helped with any discoloration nor did it brighten my face
now i have more acne scars to brighten so this sort of did the opposite of what i wanted -_- beware if you have acne prone oily-combo skin
didn't do anything for my sun spots
it didn't brighten or exfoliate my face the way i thought it would
plus it doesn't have any effect to pores.
this is so not for oily girls.
it doesn't burn like the black jar.
don't waste your money.
i really didn't see any difference after using roxolin lift instant skin smoothing mask
even the photos on the box seem bogus.
what i like to do is apply this mask before i take a shower
it doesn't make my skin dry or irritate it
this is the type of mask you'd want to use before doing your makeup
just use a primer that really blurs our your pores
tho i must admit my skin did feel soft after i washed off the mask
for my skin type
everyone's skin is different though!
so don't fall for the pretty pink color or the fact that it has rose in it like i did
it's actually got little beads for exfoliating in it
wont affect the moisture of my skin
you only need to use a tiny bit or else it'll leave your undereye saggy
it's a lot of money for the lack of quality.
i found it does nothing other than hydrate my under eyes
doesn't irritate my eyes.
the caffeine in the product definitely gives an instant perk to your under eye
i just don't like the thickness of this for daytime use especially for someone like me who spends a lot of time walking about
it is so greasy
it's makes my skin matte
just made my skin even more oily
i don't know if my adult acne/oily type skin does
i've always been funny about moisturizers cause i have oily skin
uncomfortable feeling that i just couldn't sleep with
these little sleeping masks are so cute it's hard to resist buying them
they made my face super greasy
f you have the little lush storage pots i recommend using them bc they can fit a good 2-3 packets of the overnight stuff
i ended up oily anyway
it wasn't more than a glorified moisturizer
this will make your skin look matte at first
they are horrible for your skin
doesn't leave my skin feeling sticky or weighed down
it doesn't mattify my skin like it claims
if you're strictly oily i wouldn't splurge on this
it does nothing for my eye makeup
sometimes just feels like a waste of product because it completely drips off the face if your face is already wet with water
cleans, but does not remove makeup
this does not remove the mascara at all
if anything it smears all over
the ingredients in the sephora product seem cheap to me
it's more for the people that wear heavy makeup
might return just cuz it's a tad bit drying
my skin doesn't feel irritated.
i will say though if it doesn't cause you to break out it's a great makeup remover
turns out the pump doesn't get out a good 25% of the product
as i don't really suffer from dark circles
soooo much skin damaging alcohol around the eye area
you can feel it tugging on your skin
it's way too pricey for the amount of product you get
maybe it works for people who have blotchy skin or some freckles or something
i can feel it tighten my pores when i apply it.
it didn't interfere with my concealer at all
for erasing those teeny bumps i'm afraid to not use it now
the + version just doesn't moisturize my skin in the same way
it's kinda been dry this winter a little goes a long way i just do a quick tap on the surface
it just didn't help with the patches of flakey skin
does not do much in the way of moisture or hydration
also not good for use under makeup because it clumps
doesn't work for undereye area
it did also make my skin under my eyes dry with patches which i wouldn't have minded so much if it took away the wrinkles
my foundation turns out patchy on my face because it's so greasy
i find that it also doesn't even help my dry skin at all
the smell is something i don't favor.
when you put it on it you look like an oil slick.
this one doesn't seem to work on those dry days.
i can feel how sticky it is
i couldn't imagine wearing this all day or under neath my makeup
my fickle sensitive oily dumb skin is evened out
maybe because it doesn't moisturize that much my skin got drier
this didn't cause pimples
it does not hydrate at all
i even tried reapplying, and nothing.
annoying bumps on skin that make it impossible to have a flawless makeup application
it's also amazing as a primer underneath makeup too
however i wouldn't say this product completely gets rid of dry skin forever
didn't notice any changes in hydration of my skin
it's way too heavy
i also can't wear this in the am b/c it doesn't absorb well
it sits on my skin so how i'd wear makeup over it
oxymoron because this stuff is sticky which i hate in a moisturizer
while it does hydrate like it's supposed to
i prefer a thicker moisturizer that i know will really soak into my skin
unfortunately this balm stung when i used it
usually she's right on point
you will find a sticky surface if you use it minimally
what i couldn't get over was the stickiness
you really have to wash your h
to get rid of that super unpleasant feeling
it's a lightweight moisturizer that won't make your face feel greasy during the day
you won't notice much of a brightening effect when you use this
this ended being just a simple moisturizer for me
on top of it being so sticky since it is a balm everytime i would go to use it somehow so much is missing when i've barely used any
makes your face feel sticky
if i used too much it made me completely oily
plus it was irritating
if you are going to spend $48 on a moisturizer
this will only make you feel full on oily
it doesn't sit well under make up because it's sticky to the touch
it makes your makeup slide after you do get it on because it
did not love this or the overnight moisturizer
i find this balm to be irritating
like many others said it leaves your face sticky
throughout the day if you touch your face it still feels sticky
since it gives you just enough moisture so that your skin doesn't dry
i just tried it today for some reason it makes my face sticky
doesn't do anything except leave my skin feeling sticky
i would see my eyeliner or mascara-not sure which one-raccooning under my eyes
it didn't seem to moisturize very well
i didn't still feel super dry
i don't think people with oily skin will like the gel consistency of it
does not plump the skin as promises
it didn't moisturize as much as i expected
maybe it would be better for those with combo/oily skin types?
at that point it was useless to me.
it may be i'm trying to massage it into my skin overmuch
it's sticky and smells bad.
after the sticky smell goes away your face actually looks better
concealers that i have used forever
i didn't like it on my eyelids
i prefer a product that i can use undereye as well as on my lids
i don't have wrinkles yet so this worked as a wrinkle fighter
f you wear makeup it makes your product sink into any fine lines
super annoying when you notice it at work mid-morning
although it applies kind of thick like
normally fragrance isn't a problem for me
kind of made my eyes sting--this hasn't happened to me with any other eye cream
i did like the texture
if you use this underneath your daily makeup it's a total nightmare
it messes up any airbrushed look
can't comment on the benefits of getting rid of fine lines
this eye cream does it's job
it's gel consistency comes across sticky
the most annoying thing is that it flakes
i don't know if it's hydrating
i don't usually have dark circles around my eyes
i never have a problem with my mascara
it just ok, and it sort of evaporates... i sure!
i only use it in the daytime under my makeup as i don't feel it's thick enough for night time
should be more like a balm like it's supposed to be
since it's a cream it won't last very long
i am not sure if i am allergic to something in this balm or what
this eye balm doesn't irritate
it dries quickly and doesn't feel greas.
i don't think it's done anything for my dark circles or the fine lines around my eyes
it doesn't moisturize my eye area enough
this stuff was semi-soothing
like i can rub my finger across the area it's applied
but this product does in fact clog your pores.
it gave me bad breakouts
ok face cream, nothing special.
it didn't do any better than my drugstore moisturizer buys
as it's my special treat for myself
some people with oily skin may do fine with it
i didn't notice any "mask" effects after letting it dry then washing it off
does nothing to your skin at all.
i would hardly say it foamed at all
it takes off all of my makeup too!
as a mask it's just fine.
i did not like the white clay at all
if they weren't so drying i would have kept them as i did quite like how they toned the redness down in my skin
it's an alright cleanser
it seems to remove all my face makeup
i think there's a ton of other serums that claim to be firming
it's not the first ingredients
how people don't notice how sticky this product is
did not firm or plump my skin at all
i don't have oily skin or acne problems-maybe that's why tatcha didn't do miracle to me
i know how to use the dropper
i did not notice a change in my skin texture or lines
and i don't even have deep lines!
you can't shake any serum out of the bottle into your h
though i really like the feel of the serum i would not buy it again due to the dropper packaging
the eye dropper does not work at all.
the packaging limits its shelf life because of a dropper that doesn't work
the pump doesn't work
the company doesn't seem to care
the applicator is nothing short of ludicrous
the dispenser does not work
this moisturizer leaves a sticky film on my face that is terrible for applying makeup or trying to sleep
don't expect it to do any cleaning
it unfortunately amplified the oiliness on my face too much
this lotion has entirely too much fragrance in it
it smells like something you'd find at the dollar store
you need a ton of it to truly moisturizer your face
i usually don't mind that
don't mind strong scents then you might like it
still it wasn't that cooling
it's just another eye cream.
doesn't irritate the eyes or travel
for the summer it's perfect for the dtyer onths won't do the job for my skin
perhaps i got a bad bottle.
can't justify the price of this eye cream.
it didn't seem to have any effect whatsoever on my oily
all this did was prove to be a mediocre moisturizer
sometimes around my eyes
while this didn't irritate or inflame my skin
it doesn't sink in well
it's true that it's great for sensitive skin
cuts the life of a jar of this stuff in half!
does not remove makeup.
it's really irritating to the skin and eyes.
every time you use it you have to fool with unscrewing the cap
trying to rethread the cap is a real treat when your eyes are on fire
for $55 you'd think they could at least throw in a flip top or a pump of some sort
my skin can only tolerate this moisturizer only at night
it's still very heavy enough to clog some pores in my t zone
i got little whiteheads everywhere.
makeup didn't go on any smoother.
the pump certainly was shiny
except for the scented items that i am usually ok with
it doesn't get greasy at all
otherwise it'd be 4 stars easy
i do like this moisturizer because it is one of the few that don't make my face like an oil-slick by noon
ugh it's so thick that it's unpleasant
that's due to the ceramidine yet i am missing that satisfying full hydrating feel i usually get with other products
i literally cannot even remember the last time i had a pimple
don't rub too hard, it pills right off.
i could barely get the stuff off
doesn't do anything special either- i use it after an oil cleanser
it does an okay job of removing any oil residue
however the heavy oils seem to break me out.
it does not lather well
it did not lather well.
it didn't hydrate either
everyone's chemical make-up is different
i don't feel any burning or tingling like others
may be good for those with oily skin only.
when i buy a mask i expect it to give me some extra moisture that my moisturizer would not give me
it made my skin feel tacky after application
unfortunately it is quite sticky/tacky
it's made little balls from not absorbing completely
even applying it at night time it rubs off so easily
when you rub your skin adter a while of applying it
it's impossible go use before applying makeup since it pills
i washed it off because the sticky film was so annoying to me
i personally found that i couldn't use it over a serum without it balling up
unless you plan to only use it at night or don't wear makeup
i guess it would be a good moisturizer if it's compatible with your primer
or if you don't wear primer
like other reviews i too experienced the product "balling up" if i rubbed it in too long or applied makeup
i stuck it out for a few days hoping that might give it some special moisturizing factor
i am super oily before lunchtime even arrives.
i can't get past the awful smell of this product to continue to use it
but once applied it feels tacky.
i even thought it might be a cleanser needing washed off it was so tacky
not in a rich night cream kind of way
was surprised when this "light" moisturizer didn't absorb into my skin
sticky surface on my face that didn't go away even under makeup
not for under makeup
when i used it as a morning moisturizer it didn't absorb
it didn't absorb into my skin at all.
yes its a little thick
doesn't fade away fast
didn't like the texture
especially for a day cream that doesn't contain spf
especially after seeing other reviewers say that it doesn't sink into the skin very quickly
tried in the summertime and it doesn't absorb.
otherwise i didn't mind the smell or texture when applying it
usually i can notice a difference with anti-aging creams on my nose
you can see it as white
bottom line: it's not bad
it felt like my skin didn't absorb any of it
it appears that this product made my skin even more oily
that's kind of what this reminded me of: a tacky primer that doesn't absorb
i love any kind of product that can hydrate
it did nothing like moisturize or anything
i think that's a clear sign that this product is not balancing the skin or actually nourishing it
this moisturizer didn't do anything to my skin.
i still looks oily even after applying it.
this is like a primer stick.
it doesn't ball up under makeup
use something else for bedtime
this bar soap has no smell whatsoever
after drying myself i couldn't smell anything at all
i couldn't even find the hint of rose that i was able to smell faintly on the soap bar
if your skin can h
if your skin can't h
i find that it doesn't absorb that great into my skin
sometimes if i don't spend the required 10 mins rubbing it in
not as an oil slick like it was when i used it
my goodness it is gross no think i got a nasty one
you would expect it to help with pores or skin texture
even it says doesn't clog your skin
i did get acnes from it
it doesn't like any type of oils.
greasy on it's own.
this oil wasn't as bad
my skin somehow felt dryer
can't stand the smell.
i don't know what it is about rose smells
wouldn't suggest this for someone concerned with wrinkles
i don't think it's for every skin type
my tea smells exactly like this face oil.
overpowering that i couldn't get past it
it's okay for an oil :
shiny not necessarily "brighter" like it says in description
it's irritating to put on
t would not drip over everything
found that to be annoying- since i don’t like to be completely incapacitated when i use a face mask
there's nothing harmful or toxic
i don't care about scent that's fine
it's consistency is so runny it's an absolute mess to try
when it dries it's like hard jelly impossible to get off
when it's removed there is
did not even feel luxe when using
even though it's a natural product
it is very medicinal and i just can't handle it!
this didn't do anything for my acne prone skin.
i do wish it came with a spatula or in a tube rather than a jar
i just feel like it's easier to become contaminated
it doesn't even tingle or anything
i love that they included a spatula so you did not contaminate the product over repeated uses
my redness didn't go down
maybe if you have oily skin ?
i don't notice any difference with the eye dew
noticed that it was making the concealer under my eyes look awful
if you want something that moisturizes
doesn't wear well under make up
it's getting into my eyelashes
it's peeling below my eyes too
can't wear makeup or it will cling to the dry patches
there's always a lot of empty space in the container
it's something i've noticed in some of their other products too
it didn't brighten or de-puff
it's not very easy to absorb into the skin
doesn't saturate into my skin
my one gripe is the jar
i prefer non-jar so not to stick my finger in each time
would not recommend unless you had really oily skin
don't need much moisture
or you'll have flying serum everywhere
i think i would like it better if it didn't have a soy sauce smell
i cannot get over the horrid smell
it's not even a subtle smell
it's the same result
maybe that's a byproduct of the 3-in-1 concept
first, the pump doesn't work.
how could it smell so bad with the ingredients inside it?
i mean, it has marshmallows inside it.
omg as soon as you squirt a little bit onto your finger
i don't know if i got a rotten batch
it smells so badly that i wouldn't even use it as a foot cream
2 stars because it's a lot of product
i feel like i used bacon grease on my face due to the smell
usually i don't mind scents
i never used to get blackheads
even though i get acne
i always dreaded putting on the serum because it smells so bad
s smell bad truly for the entire day until i wash my face
i don't mind a little stick but wow.
this is really stick and tacky in your skin.
and doesn't go away when layered.
i did and there were no more random zits since.
the stuff works- the texture of my skin
first of all, i don't like the smell.
it's a watery texture when you first pump it out
it turns to be really sticky to me
it's a great product just not for my oily skin type
i don't like the feeling of products on my face
maybe you're supposed to use the b-hydra gel on top?
now honestly i could have put up with the unpleasant smell if it made my skin glow
everyone's skin is different
i don't think anyone with acne prone skin should use this
also i couldn't wear blush after putting this on.
this product is great except it's very sticky even hours after application
just watch out for it if you're sensitive
unfortunately this causes breakouts for me
you can't put makeup over it in my opinion
because the ingredients are great i use it on days i don't wear makeup
never minded the smell or the sticky texture
i guess the ingredients are too potent for my face
mixing with de hydra one didn't work out for me
my skin still feels sticky every time
it's super lightweight which is such a shame for my dry skin
does not remove makeup or dirt.
don't waste your money on this.
texture if you want to massage your face
useless in my opinion
tried lathering more cream on thinking it would do the trick
it doesn't remove makeup well
doesn't make a difference in skin
don't use it at a make up remover or you still gonna have your make up on
and it doesn't clean at all!
i stopped using it and my face wasn't as oily.
feels like a cleansing milk without cleansing left lots of makeup residue behind on my simple makeup day
it does not remove makeup
face doesn't feel clean and it dried me out.
it's not a bad product- it's just not to my taste
it's not a deep clean
it does not remove makeup
it does not clean your skin
do not waste your money unless you need shaving cream
this cleanser is fine so long as you have something else to remove your makeup first
it really doesn't do much for making sure the pores are cleaned while somehow leaving the skin feeling stripped
the only things this soap has going for it are the scent
i would relate the cleansing experience of this product to having just washed your face with a bar of soap
overall i felt the shaving cream texture was a big gimmicky
i didn't feel cleansed at all
it doesn't remove any makeup at all
so you have to make sure you use a makeup remover first
i really do not like anything about this facial foam
•i don't think is doing any change for my skin complexion which i thought it would since the foam is gentle
started to notice i was getting these big pimples that i dont normally get
even though the mousse feels nice against your skin when you first apply
it doesn't feel like it is really cleansing your pores
didn't have any extra redness or breakouts
this product is so foamy that it is hard to massage into your face
it didn't remove all my makeup
you can't use this on its own
does not feel clean after the wash
didn't remove my mascara completely
it does it's job of cleaning gently with it's foaming properties
i felt that it did not fully cleanse my skin as it's so light on my face
this is definitely not a makeup remover.
it's no good at removing makeup
might as well put shaving cream on your face does not remove makeup
if you're the type of weirdo like me who likes to layer masks
it's a foam that feels nice like any other mouse
i like pumping mouse that is why i don't return it
this item isn't worth buying due to the face that it's just a foamy mask that doesn't dry your skin
i did lock the smell
i love the thick foam consistency which was very different from any other mask i have tried
it is getting annoying
i want to itch my face from the tickles
it doesn't dispense at times
it doesn't lift nor firm my skin
i don't have dark circles
i didn't find that this did a lot for the dark circles or the puffiness
i don't know if it works well for wrinkles
i really don't see any difference when using this eye balm
not sure if it works for my deep wrinkles
doesn't pull at my skin when i put it on
this balm might work for some
it's not thick enough.
i actually received a sample i prefer-it's the black tea under eye balm
don't waste your money.
i almost didn't get this one because i also have freckles
it's sticky and never sinks in.
i don't know if it's because i have a deep skin tone
it didn't improve my dark spots.
don't waste your money.
it did not lighten or even my skin tone.
it has a sticky feel to it which is fine with my for nighttime
doesn't work under my makeup during the day
i tend to stay out of the sun anyway
hoping to get rid of my stupid acne scars
it gave me so many little pimples around my cheek area because that's where my dark marks are
the smell of this product is what turns me off the most
i'd rather get rid of my scars
don't waste your time and money
if you want something to help lighten atleast someof your scarring i would recommend a one time purchase
using a sexuality that isn't taken seriously as a punch line to a product is beyond awful
you're washing away all the good stuff
unfortunately murad hasn't rid their entire line of sulfates
i don't have any skin issues
it''s an ok cleanser that doesn't dry your skin out
however i am always left with eyeliner
mascara residue no matter what
i just assumed i wouldn't see any foundation on the cotton pad after washing my face with this stuff
this does not "melt away" makeup whatsoever
it didn't smell good at all and it stung my eyes.
this stuff doesn't take off eye make up well at all
flaky which is what i was trying to avoid by using an oil cleanser in the first place
this is so stick just like a glue.
not a good makeup remover at all
it also seems to get pretty sticky once applied
it did not turn milky at all
with this you will need to use about 2 to 3 cotton pads just to get rid of all your face makeup
know the irritation can be attri
i believe that this product does wonders for someone with overly oily skin with lots of acne
if your skin is combo
told me this is too harsh for normal skin with breakouts this would maybe be okay for severe oily skin with horrible acne
i didn't feel like my skin was super clean after because it's a very gel like texture that doesn't lather
it didn't worsen my skin
it's an okay cleanser.
however it is doing wonders for my oily skin
this cleanser didn't help with my breakouts at all
of course the cleanser didn't make it worse
not much of a cheek break-out-er
somehow it dried me out
i usually never get pimples there
it did rid my face of acne
it didn't even diminish them or dry them
so now i look like a pepperoni face.
no, it is not skin purging.
my combo acne prone skin didn't like this at all.
i do think it's the vinegar helping my skin so much
especially since it's supposed to "fill" fine lines
don't waste your money on this one
it doesn't dry my skin the way it did other customers'
it is what i imagine spackle feels like
it reminds me of a cheap drugstore product.
if you wear makeup
for some silly reason
didn't try it as a makeup remover before purchasing this item
i just don't see the point of this cleanser
feel the need to wash face again with a cleanser that removes makeup
did not cleanse skin completely
i also don't care for the smell.
it doesn't take away my skin's natural oils
the scrub seems pointless as it isnt exfolitating enough
i don't know if it was due to this or switching up moisturizers
all i know is that it felt too grainy like harsh.
for me it doesn't work as a daily cleanser to remove makeup
it tends to get in my hairline even with using a headb
you cannot use it on your eyes
i would not remove my makeup with something that has any type of grit in it
it is "gritty" which i wasn't expecting.
it's pretty much like other oil-based cleansing balms
it doesn't remove makeup that well
i personally didn't like using this as a cleansing balm
i like balms that turn into a oil as you rub them into your face
my skin does not react well to coconut oil
personally i do prefer a cleansing oil to remove makeup
i didn't remove my makeup with this.
my skin didn't feel oily
it's such a treat for your face
did not remove my eye makeup
also had to rewash with another face cleanser bc it still felt too oily
so not a one step cleanser
it did not irritate my skin at all or cause any harmful effects
it does nothing for dark circles or fine line
this eye cream did not have any lifting effect on my lids
it makes me look greasy.
doesn't feel like most sunscreen-containing products--which is a great thing to me
my skin usually hates new products.
t helps give you that "glow" that some people like
it's almost non-existent
it doesn't play nicely with my other makeup
if you use too much it leaves your skin feeling greasy
it's literally the greasiest thing i've ever put on my face
it makes me look like a greasy hot dog
do not get this if you are oily unless you want a bunch of pimples on your face
doesn't work on oily skin they give you barely any in the bottle as it is
lifting caudalie words are eye catching because it's the trendy words in beauty products right now
i do exfoliate once every morning too.
make sure you have a thick enough layer
it maybe nice for a morning cleanse when you have no makeup on
it does take off my makeup
i actually have to use another cleanser to get all the residue off of my face
i do use the sponge it comes with
doesn't help with the residue
it doesn't rinse off as clean as i would like.
i don't recommend this to anyone with oily skin.
which never happens unless it's humid
not too had it is comes out in a glob
so you kinda get nothing or a glob.
there is flakes of gold in it that is suppose to brighten your skin
the only advantage i see to this gel is the fact you don't have to wash it off
it doesn't moisturize the skin what-so-ever.
it did not remove my mascara
if you are going to spend that kind of money on a luxe product try the balm as opposed to this
your skin will love you for it
what's even worse is that it smells like sewer water
a ridiculous amount of makeup residue still left over
it's one of those luxury gifts you give to you yourself
this didn't seem to penetrate my skin
didn't love the smell or the ingredients.
